When did the third Digimon series begin?
Which missile batteries often have individual launchers several kilometres from one another?
What two things does Popper argue Tarski's theory involves in an evaluation of truth?
What is the name of the village 9 miles north of Calafat where the Ottoman forces attacked the Russians?
What famous palace is located in London?
When is the term 'German dialects' used in regard to the German language?
What was the name of the island the English traded to the Dutch in return for New Amsterdam?
How were the Portuguese expelled from Myanmar?
What does the word 'customer' properly apply to?
What did Arsenal consider the yellow and blue colors to be after losing a FA Cup final wearing red and white?
Who starred in 'True Love'?
Who was elected as the Watch Tower Society's president in January of 1917?
What do most open education sources offer?
Which collection of minor poems are sometimes attributed to Virgil?
"While looking for bugs, what else can testing do?"
How much hydroelectric power can be generated?
What two people were killed inside the store?
How is Nirvana achieved?
What conflict overseen by President Polk might be the source of Tennessee's nickname?
In Chinese Buddhism what meditation is more popular?
When did European sport clubs begin to form in the Ottoman empire?
What part of their motherboards does Dell not reveal the specifications of?
What was the highest order of species n land?
What did Darwin speculate might be how inheritable variations might come about in a species?
The environmental intervention was linked to the conceptualization of what process?
How much of the Bronx vote did Hillquit get in 1917?
What is restricted unless the film has a traditional theater release?
"Along with Bermuda, what other English colony did many settlers come from?"
How does aposematism help a species population?
What does confrontational scavenging involve doing to other predators after they've made a kill?
Why were dogs initially selected?
In what century was the church established at the location?
What is the term that refers to areas where an antennas radiation is zero?
What did the abbot remain as a town built around the abbey?
"What library was estimated to have 700,000 volumes?"
What was Zhejiang formerly romanized as?
Who did the children work beside?
Who was the Bishop in this time frame?
Analysis by what organization detailed that municipality-based rankings may be inaccurate?
How many trophy designs have there bee?
What is the molecular weight loss of antibacterial compounds?
What colleagues are best to work with to reach a consensus?
What city was FIFA formed?
Which philosopher described the invention of a belt drive?
How many alumni does Olin Business School have worldwide?
What was the goal of the 2002 Philippines deployment?
Which band was he largest benefit concert in history about?
The most popular early Marvel heroes were collectively and colloquially known as what?
Did everyone endorse Gaddafi?
What type of lanterns are used outside elevators as well as inside most cabs?
Who covers incorporated associations or councils?
Where is the Universidad Tecnologica located?
What is Torrence's 1989 theory about that ties into tool kit variability ?
What conflict was supposed to have provided Iraqi forces with battle experience?
What was the average number of people in a Plymouth household?
Who wrote in their will that they received loving care from the emperor in the east?
"In addition to social and cultural characteristics, what else is taken into account for race classification in the US census?"
How many men were in Napoleon's army when the battle began?
How many paper cups are used by Americans each year?
Do the roots and shoots need each other?
Why do people say KInseys work is not correct?
At least how many American aircraft were shot down between 1945 and 1948?
What is the electrically insulting material that sheaths a-delta fiber?
What percentage of the population is of the  Rakhine descendant line ?
How high do the mountains get in Mexico City's region?
What was the former 10-year moratorium on the construction of nuclear plants the result of?
How far is to the neighboring capitol of Canelones?
Who overturned the Taft Vale judgement?
When did settlements appear in Madhya Pradesh?
How many families were still without permanent homes?
What was the name of the airport the United States built on Ascension Island?
Where are most of them from?
"According to Popper, the scientific selection process favors which type of theory?"
What kind of losses take place in transformers and inductors during conversion/transmission process?
Who was at one time Laemmle's personal secretary?
Larry McKinney explained that a two-month delay in drilling could do what?
What is KMC an initialism of?
"After completing his studies, under whose rule did he become a regular canon?"
When did the United States declare war on Japan?
When was Adolf Hitlers first visit to the Alps?
What was the port known as prior to the Swedish occupation of St. Barts?
When was USB Battery Charging Specification Revision 1.2 released?
Who did Yaroslav's sons marry?
What were added to scoring in 2007?
What palace was the place of creation for illustrated manuscripts?
Where does most of Canada's asphalt end up these days?
What kind of books did housebuilders use?
Which scientist noticed the relationship between the speed and distance of galaxies?
What is Kingsbridge Armory being turned into?
When are 192 samples taken instead of 576?
Which of Calatrava's creations contains an IMAX theater?
What is Seattle's average December temperature?
Bell learned to accurately read lips even without knowing what?
What is Oklahoma's largest school district?
What is a name for the reduced complement of genetic material necessary for an organism to live?
In what year was the Mananga Management Centre founded?
What rank provided its holder territorial rule?
What happened to Hornswoggle?
What percentage of Mexico City's population was indigenous in 1921?
In what year did a French magazine describe the use of asphalt?
What subdivision was associated with the province?
At about what wavelength of light are human eyes most sensitive?
In 1887 the US Government wanted to undo Bell's patent due to fraud and what?
"What county is Charleston, South Carolina located in?"
Where do bad and weak assets get moved in times of soverign debt crisis?
Who has the majority of the seats in Bern's City Council?
What magazine covers Ann Arbor's local businesses?
When was Longchamp isolated in the Tower of London?
Which two empires ruled Armenia between the 16 and 19th Century?
What did Sinnreich call the link between lower music sales and peer-to-peer sharing site?
What English representative body provided consent for royal taxation?
What is the range of wavelengths for cheap UV LEDs?
"How much of the states population does the ""Big 7"" have?"
What are the main distinctive features of Islamic architecture?
Who was added as a fourth judge in the eighth season of American Idol?
Which Metzinger piece was hung in La Maison Cubiste?
Who made Chopin's death mask?
What are the software testers aware of?
How are larger value capacitors often constructed?
What were replicas of the Master Sword and Hylian Shield bundled with?
When did Mawson retire after leading several expeditions?
What is the largest Indo-European ethno-linguistic group in Europe?
In what year did Langage Power Station come on line?
What does MYS stand for?
Over how many people lived in Uruk?
The terms GMT and Greenwich Mean Time are also used informally to refer to what?
"Whose infant daugheters both died, leaving him without an heir to the throne of England?"
Who is in charge of these Change in Operational Control missions?
Who sold Buckingham house in 1761?
ICRISTAT had success in teaching women how to make what product of nutritional value?
"Along with being carved, how were altarpieces often decorated in this period?"
How many lines are in the rail network?
"What is the meaning of the Sanskrit loanword ""bhāṣā?"""
Who had a special tribute at the finale?
Who handles serious medical emergencies on Norfolk Island?
Which model of iPod combined the headphone jack and data port?
What Empire did the entire region of Modern-day Switzerland become part of in the 6th century?
What are the more traditional industries that have existed in Portugal?
One company that IBM acquired in 2002 is?
What video formats are supported for UPnP streaming?
When was the Yale Herald established?
What is the name of the largest denomination of the Presbyterian Church in America?
What fuel is used for the torch?
"What is the term used to describe the ""Right to collect revenue""?"
How many people moved to New York City between April 2010 and July 2014?
Where did children from urban areas primarily work?
What do some people want to do with the people of Tuvalu?
Who conquered the Eastern Provinces of the Byzantine empire?
What would Japan accomplish by peace after their early victories?
What are town rights called?
"What ""ices"" makes up Neptune?"
"What's the Dutch word for ""green""?"
"How did Sidney Sheinberg feel about the film ""Amblin'"""
Which new trend has been associated with the Jewish Renewal movement?
What is the benefit to chickens of being in a free-range farming location?
Who did Joan marry to become queen consort?
What are visitors of Norfolk Island recommended to purchase?
In what city is the Miami Amtrak Station?
When had Tucson last had as much snow as 2013?
How do the olfactory lobes of mammals compare in size to those of reptiles?
How fast are signals produced by antenna transmitted?
What credit did Dowding receive?
What animal did Sumerians use primary to facilitate transportation?
What is ghapama?
Who succeeded Newt Gingrich as Speaker?
How many divisions involved in the Allied invasion of Europe did Eisenhower visit?
How many international airports are in Israel?
What are the two main things differentiating Sunni and Shia?
"The conformal coating can prevent leaking, shorts, and what other type of moisture damage?"
The first Ranger mission that didn't fail was which one?
"What level was the disaster set at 22:15 CST, May 12?"
how do isps provide internet access?
What years were the miners strike?
How many contestants did this season have?
Roughly how many Malians are descendants of slaves?
How did hackers release their software for running Windows on Macs?
What do the Orthodox believe Mary remained to be before and after she gave birth to Christ?
What allies did Nasser meet at the Academy?
Neo-classical music emerged during what era?
"When John Hunyadi died, which province was left in chaos?"
When was the only vice presidential debate held at Washington University?
What other royal figure strongly influenced Frederick William III's decision to go to war with France?
Who did the Cubs send to the New York Yankees for minor leaguer Corey Black?
Who still gives salmon to the abbey today?
What years do many historians consider Atlantic City's golden age?
All modern birds lie within which crown group?
How is most of Thuringia's clean gas consumption carried out?
Shell has minor renewable energy activities in which two areas?
Who wrote the Decretum?
How many Buddhas are considered to have existed in the Pali Canon?
"What genre of film was the movie, Obsessed, in which Beyonce starred in?"
What kind of headphones could partially mitigate the bass response issues of the 3rd gen iPods?
What did Prince Gong sign?
When was the coldest reported temperature in Houston?
What year of players are in high school football all-star games?
An expert commission was established under which chairman?
Where is there a growing presence of Theravada?
What is an important Old English religious poem?
abbé Jean Meslier lived from what year to what year?
Tranquilizers affect which of the two common neurotransmitters?
Who granted money to Eton for a sports complex in 1995?
"Along with Roger Miller and Barbra Streisand, who was a successful Easy Listening artist in this era?"
What are the three types of origin testing?
Where was the Six Nations Reserve located?
What is a major threat to migratory birds?
In what year did Emperor Kanmu die?
How many Soviet military members died within the first six months of the war between the two countries?
What French family did Victoria try to foster relations with?
What year was Kanye West's third album released?
What sector puts up most of Southampton's economic contribution?
Vessels of what navy protected convoys?
In what year did Novgorod aquire its own archbishop?
Is the name more ancient than other group names in the area ?
What are the most popular religions in Nigeria?
Who are the two major industry employers in Cork?
Which was the most important battle fought in Chihuahua?
"Who termed the slogan ""la Ciudad de la Esperanza?"""
What is the main material used to build the cellar in the basement of Main Building?
"In millimeters, how much precipitation does New York receive a year?"
From what dialect is Hindi descended?
What was the final build Microsoft decided to manufacture?
What is one thing a successful vault depends on?
One technology that is available for hunters in the U.S. is?
Where are temperatures more extreme compared to the coast of Cyprus?
What type of area is between the two conductors in a capacitor?
With what operating ratio would MUSE Discs operate?
What stele is at Boni's tomb?
"If there is a decrease in a country's ranking, which indicator will be present?"
What is the difference between a pesticide and a plant protection product?
What was the name of the governor who suggested relocating the population of Saint Helena?
What language was no longer promoted as one of Estonia's main languages?
"The ECHR noted that among certain academics, what act carried out by the Serbs agains Bosnian Muslims and Croats did not constitute genocide?"
What was the trade name of epinephrine?
What was the former name of the Volvo Ocean Race?
WHat is Kabbalah?
What is New Haven best known for in terms of the main landmark and structure?
What did Czech historians emphasize about their countrymen?
The previous record beaten by Park Avenue was for what real estate?
The Queens-Midtown Tunnel was finished in what year?
The state oil company NNPC was initially thought to owe how much to the government?
What is Hakobyan's career?
What was a result of these marriages?
What was changed so she could still qualify?
Which Formula One racing team developed the C-X75's used for filming.
Alexander the Great was the emperor of what?
What borough is Six Flags Mexico located?
How many international airports are in Israel?
Who was responsible for the creation of the Duchy of Warsaw?
What areas does the Brown School Library have represented scholars?
What areas do at-large council members represent?
Who is blamed for all the strife of the previous year?
What did the ancient Greeks call the people that lived in the British Isles?
Where was Avicenna once imprisoned?
Killer Queen reached what number on the Billboard Hot 100?
What is another word for head capsule?
What is the last origination of the word asphalt?
What assistant naval secretary did Fiske serve under?
When was Enovid first approved?
What are two other words for androphilia and gynephlia?
What waterfowl character had his own satire series of comic books?
How many decibels was John Melody able to reach in his cry?
What was another name for the Conspiration des poignards?
What was Androids market share in 2013?
Obsidian is what type of glass?
Who was minister of foreign affairs prior to Shevardnadze?
On what date did Batman reach Melbourne?
What older system did the British naval use?
How many grad students were in Oklahoma in 2007?
Time in 2006 wrote that youtube harnessed the wisdom and what else of humanity?
What caused the sea to rise during the Jurassic?
What is the name of the world's 12 largest metro system by length?
How many people are estimated to live in Tajikistan?
Who invented the KSOG?
Why were laws limiting people of color passed?
What are endosymbionts of the bacteria?
What are other signs of dehydration?
How is childcare viewed in a hunter-gatherer society?
Hunting was important for the emergence of the Homo genus from what?
What year did Bill Clinton win North Carolina?
What else did freed slaves face in postwar Charleston besides discrimination?
Does self-examination begin early or late in adolescence?
How had the Vandals earned their strong reputation?
Who performed the studies that found most homosexual people having different degrees of gender issues?
What Act did Disraeli push through Parliment in 1876?
What's Israel's financial and technology center?
Who took full control of the island after Napoleon's death?
What kind of  shifts are taking place in Catalan speaking areas?
"How long ago did ""Nanjing Man"" live?"
Who did Mehmed and Bayezid encourage to come to Istanbul?
How many women are members of the Sweet Adelines?
Who did Altan Khan persuade to convert to Gelug Buddhism?
How many voting members are there in the city- council?
"Treaties, executive agreements, congressional-executive agreements, and sole executive agreements are the same under international law but different with respect to what?"
South Africa's Medicines Act allowed for the generic production of what kind of drugs?
"To where are the loyal sons in ""Notre Dame Fight Song"" marching?"
What book did Nasser start writing?
How many acres are the Kathmandu valley monument zones?
What is considered to have counteracted the prestige of the senatorial aristocracy?
What is one explanation for the change in Mishnaic times?
What did Klaproth probably create when he dissolved pitchblende in nitric acid?
Who did the Seahawks beat to win the Super Bowl?
What gases come from seeps?
"In Whitehead's view, identities do not define people, but what?"
What helped ATC controllers in their drive ot keep ahead of the postwar boom in commercial air transportation?
What do the other six questions asses?
Who's library records did the FBI look into?
What is usually removed in female dogs to prevent pregnancy?
What was the first group from outside China to join in the relief operation?
What ind of charge does hydrogen take when mixed with electronegative particles?
What is one room in RIBA's headquarters that can be visited by the public?
What is the uncertainty principle?
Who was annoyed at how well recieved Victoria was on her tours of the countryside of England and Wales?
What languages do Tibetans in Sichuan speak?
"If they're not purely hunter-gatherers, then what do they have a history of being?"
"December 17, 2010 was the day Kanye was nominated by MTV for what?"
What is the term for constantly changing physical and mental parts?
What year saw the death of Abu Hashim?
What influences popular music in Cyprus?
How many airports does Tajikistan have?
How did non-standard gauge trains start to operate with high-voltage AC?
During what dynasty did Nanjing become a thriving textile city?
About how many people live in New York City's metropolitan area?
What is the largest of the cemeteries created in the 20th centuries?
What pressure influenced the shift in South Africa from the use of European Dutch in the 1920s?
What year was Canis familiaris listed under Canis lupus?
How did Burke say we look towards magistrates?
What did the FSF feel that Apple was trying to monopolize on?
How long was the necklace offered to Hera?
Who made the first strike of the Seven Years' War?
The oldest section of the original wall around the town dates from what year?
How many Chinese Americans lived in Boston City proper in 2013?
What did the United States place on Japans war efforts?
What is an inefficient treatment for chronic pain which rarely provides any sort of true relief?
Multilateral treaties are often entered into by countries that share the same what?
What is the span of the Late Cretaceous period?
Domestic visitors spend about how much money in the city of Melbourne annually?
How many weeks pass before the monarch receives a bill from the Presiding Officer?
What is Today's annual cost of the Canadian Forces?
How much of Earth's land surface do glaciers cover?
What don't helicopters need because of having hover capablility?
What was public opinion in Paris strongly opposed to?
Where was the store moved in 1857?
What is the nation's 13th-oldest university?
How long were workers in Ford Plant evacuated for?
What is used to identify the begining of a valid frame of an MP3 header?
What are the only airside locations where filming is allowed?
What was the style of William Pitt's warfare?
What year was Freddie Mercury's final public appearance with Queen?
In what season did Everton win their fourth League title?
What oxide materials use hydrogen as an electron donor?
How large is the Planalto?
What are some areas of Somerset county
What countries did Idris visit in the summer of 1969?
Britain's dominant position in world trade over some countries' economies has been called what?
What is the name of the art museum in Detroit?
What kind of speaker data does studying a language phonologically involve examining?
How often does Friday Cheers take place on Brown's Island?
"Which decade in history was officially called the ""Decade of the Brain""?"
Can the avian flu be sread from wild birds to birds kept in husbandry?
When did the Troutman Sanders-Mays & Valentine LLP merger occur?
Who invested in European debts?
Who was the British Prime Minister in 1982?
When did Comcast acquire the cable assets of AT&T Broadband?
What mission did Kino found?
Which group's study suggested that Basel accords encourage unconventional business practices?
"What name was listed on Comcast customer Ricardo Brown's invoice in January, 2015?"
"Besides boarding bridges, what also doubled in 2014 at Brasilia's airport?"
Who rebuilt the Apollo at Didyma in 300 BCE?
What direction are the Tortolita Mountains from Tuscon?
What do European powers that exibit their control ovet an area accept?
What did the decision ultimately uphold?
The abolishing of the MFA made what possible?
What neighborhoos has a high rate of hispanics?
What did Peter's crew take to complete their mission?
What is a celestes?
Why would Italian Americans want to get themselves designated as members of a preferred group?
In what experimental contexts are experiments being carried out on minimal genomes?
"Rousseau argued for a society based on what, rather than faith?"
"After the sale of Kashmir, what did the area become?"
When was the Lady Chapel added?
What appears to confirm the existence of a people of Israel?
What river forms a natural border between Montevideo and San Jose Department?
In what treatise did negative numbers first appear?
What did Lok-Ham Chan claim  Changchub Gyaltsen wanted to remove?
What was the name of the 1st company Sega permitted?
Why did On the Origin of Species likely raise so much interest and debate?
What happened with the Devensian glaciation ended?
How much was Kanye paid to perform in Kazakhstan?
How long was the mural discovered in Libya?
Who is another philosopher during this Islamic Golden Age?
What happened to Idris?
How is adolescence defined socially?
What is the term for a feeling of confidence to take action?
When did Ally Sloper first appear?
How common are variations in text that alter the meaning of the Urtext of the Hebrew Bible?
How high did ''Deja Vu'' climb on the Billboard chart?
Dogs are a source of what in some cultures?
What used to be the main draw on electricity?
What was the title of Madonna's Book?
What Iranian film festival was created in 1973?
"In 500 BC, Greece was ruled over by who?"
When did Burke release 'A Letter to a Member of the National Assembly'?
What is the hottest temperature in Raleigh?
Did the British protect Burma as its colony during WWII?
Which model is of federalism is similar to the federalism model in Australia?
What was reportly the largest ship in the Mughal Convoy in the Indian Fleet?
Wien's spectrum model could not predict accurate at what end of the spectrum?
When was new constitution drafted?
Who built the building that contains the National Museum?
Which Iranian cardiologist developed and invented the first artificial cardiac pump?
What popular musical casted a teacher-dealer?
What office is in charge of collecting foreign intelligence?
What bans the killing of all wild animals?
What was the first model to support JPEG and other still image formats?
What was the title of Beyonce's mother's book?
When was the Sheffield Scientific School created?
"Which type of eclectic music had a huge variety, large innovations and an ""anything goes"" mentality?"
Why did e Melo demarcate the region for production of Port?
When did the term for the people of Burma become a common place word in English?
What year was Koch awarded a Nobel Prize?
How many times has the University of Kansas won a national championship in men's basketball?
How many divisions of the U.S. Army were in Europe?
Who was the only Arab leader not to attend Nasser's funeral?
Where did the Estudiantina Figaro play?
In what square is the theater named after Lee Strasberg located?
What operation began in January 1991?
Which child of Jefferson identified as black?
What are Russian astronauts called?
How is the per capita income compared to the world?
Who did the query starter lay blame upon for the festivals that surrounded Mary's inception ?
What did subject did Humbert love very much?
Who thought that Avicenna was a Brethren of Purity follower?
What kind of role is the head of state in Westminster-based parliamentary governments?
What continent did a lot of work from Dell's plants get transferred to?
When did John make his first visit to Ireland?
Where was Washington University located during the first half of the 1800's.
"What is the Samoan word for the ""House of Nine"" in Leulumoega?"
What effects does lower levels of zinc have in children?
What types of churches have had rapidly declining memberships?
At what conventions did Microsoft announce IPTV support through the 360?
What non-church architectural structure developed in the 10th century?
Earthquakes hit both Greece and Turkey in which year?
What does Humanae Vitae mean?
What happened on the final day of the month of love that was of significance was authorized by the Holy Roman Church leader ?
Why did publisher change the cover picture on Feynman's book?
Who was Banasur's murderer?
The failed coup caused what effects?
What is available to the people in Northern Ireland so they have access to the media?
What happened during those years?
When was the training for the TA supposed to resume?
What award given by a Japanese foundation did Popper win in 1992?
What two electromagnetic tools do birds use to find their destinations?
Why were plant populations affected after wolves were eliminated from Yellowstone?
How did Turkey thwart the ratification of these protocols?
Life revolves around what in Israel?
The typic Swiss chalet originated from where?
Where is the National Training Center located?
What topic did Eisenhower not discuss during the campaign?
What was the average debt of student loan borrowers from the class of 2013?
What caused Victoria limited mobility later in life?
What is the target age range of Hot AC stations?
What London concert venue shares its first name with a famous football stadium?
What city almost exclusively celebrates the Carnival?
How much does the ECB have as capital?
What is the common name for the General Grant National Memorial?
In what way did Bozize made his rule legitimate?
What is Brasilia's District Assembly called?
How big was the population of the Aztec cit of Tenochtitlan?
"What was Kerry doing when he was wounded on Mar 13, 1969?"
Name the two women present with Mary at the Crucifixion of Jesus?
What month in New York City is the coldest?
What beach sport was inveted in San Diego?
Whose performance in Anne of the Thousand Days garnered a Best Actor nod?
What was Eisenhower's rank in 1933?
What park hosts Quarter horse racing?
What did Hayek suggest as an alternative to being called a libertarian?
What may not be adopted?
How deep was the focus of the earthquake?
Who created the circumlunar program called Zond?
How long was the wood submerged in water in the study that discovered the types of bacteria in it?
What is another word for variations?
What devices make use of infrared homing?
Tito's marriage to what person was later erased in records?
What mountains serve as a barrier to keep New York City comparatively warmer in the winter?
What type of companies are Broadsheet and ThreeThousand?
How many transmitters did CBC plan to upgrade total?
How tall is the cathedral's tower?
What was the name of the treaty which ceded florida to the US
About how many tonnes of uranium is theorized to be present in the sea?
What are the preferred routes for migration called?
What does IPM stand for?
What are the people of St. Barts called?
How many jobs were gained in 2014?
What borough had the lowest HDI score in the federal district?
What law describes the changes in light emitted by a hot object?
"Who, in Eritrea, have their own styles of music and  accompanying dance?"
What is pollarding
Offerings at the Muthappan Temple shrine take on what form?
The phonetical similarity of what thing causes disagreements between linguists?
How many years did NBC Sports receive an extension for with the Premier League in 2015?
"In the past, how much wider was the River Thames than it is today?"
Who did early court cases focus on?
What is the biggest wrestling company?
Who could have been one of Athanasius's teachers?
Who is responsible for the creation of the Newer Orthography?
"As of September 2012, how many species had been delisted due to recovery?"
When was the University of Valencia founded?
What nursing school does The Good Shepherd Hospital contain?
What investiture featuring Prince Charles was televised in the late 1960s?
Where is Guinea-Bissau located?
What body of water affects Detroit's climate?
What rival did the Portuguese fend off in Guinea-Bissau?
Who is the Transport Minister in Canada?
What is the size of the average household?
When did the BBC start broadcasting under the name BBC One?
What is Rodman's Neck between?
Who was a British archaeologist?
Who introduced Nasser and his wife?
What nursing school does The Good Shepherd Hospital contain?
In what year did Greece become a part of Rome?
"What distinguishes Latin, Greek, and Cyrillic from one another?"
"Out of all African nations, which provided the most legal immigrants in 2013?"
What floor are the Belgian Suites located?
Do bacteria have membrabe-bound organelles in their cytoplasm?
Which number member is Namibia in the Commonwealth of Nations?
What issues stalled the armistice talks?
Many records showed what?
What international awards have been won by the Boom Festival?
Around what year was the Greek Revival added to the repertory?
"Along with Germany, England, Spain and Australia, where has a research center on the history of emotions recently opened?"
What did the liberian civil war result in?
By what other name were some Marvel-related comic books published?
When was did Washington University open its law school?
"What does Stephen Hawking and Leonard Mlodinow pose as a better question that ""Is there a God""?"
"Along with industrial and medical, in what applications is infrared radiation used?"
What is a highly prized fixture of Estonian society?
When was Mario born?
How many bearers decided not to participate?
Why do people eat Gaejang-guk in the summer months?
Why was the KInsey scale developed?
Who runs the public busses in Cork?
What object did Duchamp select in 1914 as a scuplture by itself?
What was federalism and confederalism common meaning in the 18th century?
What competitor did Arsenal defeat to win a league title in the 1988-89 season?
What is the population of Strasbourg in 2012?
"What does ""IGRAs"" stand for?"
How does Whitehead define presentational immediacy?
Who settled in parts of England?
What percentage of the population is native
What was the name of the heating system that first used Glauber's salt?
What is the estimated cost to build the Tusker Tunnel?
In what year did  Ayutthaya capture Lan Na  ?
What has the Real growth in GDP since 2001 in Swaziland in percentage?
Who accused Karim of spying?
What is in Ski Valley?
When did Aryabhata live?
What group accidentally published the non CIA budget in 1994?
How many electoral districts exist in the Marshall Islands?
Which department at Notre Dame is the only one to not offer a PhD program?
What is the population of Saint Helena?
With what type of metering can the Standard Output Sensitivity not be used?
What European Parliamentary constitutency is Plymouth a part of?
What does Elisabeth Bumiller believe the reasoning behind the amount of political Yale alumni is?
What year was Tuscon's largest office building built?
What is located on East 90th Street between York Avenue and East End Avenue?
When did Father Jose Manuel Perez Castellano die?
What is the legislative body of the Swiss government called?
What department was formed to help raise the living standards of the citizens in Saint Helena?
How much did Victoria donate to Ireland to help with famine relief?
How many awards did Beyonce take home with her at the 57th Grammy Awards?
When was the Greek Orthodox Church started?
How many versions of the Hiram myth are there?
When did the Grande Oriente d'italia charter the Propaganda Due Lodge?
"What length of time do the 200,000 works of art in the National Museum encompass?"
What areas of the world do Slavs inhabit?
What is an Arabic term for allusions?
For how many months did the night raids continue for?
What is an Etsudiantinas?
What is a solar balloon?
How many Muslim teachers are there in Kerala?
WHo succeeded Oleg in 913?
Who was awarded first prize in the all-Arab oud contest in Egypt in 2003?
"Why did pre or prije develop rather than the symboled ""pre""?"
What language family does Ligurian belong to?
Which factoring war was on gong in 1828 and shares the of a previous scuttle ? ?
Who directed the first nude scene in Greek film history?
Who wrote the Global Accountability Report for 2007?
When was the Jin Dynasty?
Who was the author of the first published book classifying humans into distinct races?
What impact was Mackenzie said to have?
What does the joining of Purusa and Prakriti produce?
"The young child, the adolescent, the young adult and the older adult are phases of what?"
"What does the ""line feed"" function do?"
What is the name of the train line that connects Connecticut and Massachusetts together?
What does the abbreviated electrical characteristics of smaller capacitors consist of?
Where did former slaves go for work once freed?
What were a Japanese family who unveiled a Tibetan flag hit with?
What philosophy influenced the RCC?
Where was Namibia ranked on Press Freedom in 2014?
When did Egypt regain formal independence from Britain?
What type of aircraft is not appropriate to be used in close proximity of US ground troops?
Who could rise into polish ennoblement?
What were some of the names given to language during period of foreign control?
Protestants describe Mary as devoted to whom?
The impact and time types of what were analyzed?
"Who wrote the book, The Computer and the Brain?"
What movement occurred during the 1970s?
What is the main feature of a supercapacitor?
What cable network did the AFL sign a regional contract with?
What type of birds have specially adapted brushy tongues?
When was Madonna's daughter born?
What was the unemployment rate in Switzerland in 2014?
"What magazine awarded Southampton ""fittest city in the UK"" in 2006?"
What military comedy did Bud Abbott and Lou Costello star in?
What is the use of solar balloons typically limited to?
What 1876 Novel did Namik Kemal write?
Who controlled Macedon after Alexander died?
"What is the Greek word for ""case"" or ""casing""?"
What did the Deutsche Bank estimate the value of the reserves to be at?
"In the 2008 primary, how much of the Bronx vote did Obama get?"
What did James believe a stimulus act upon to produce emotion?
"What form of c, when written, contains a dot over the letter?"
How was Syria's economy fairing under the arrangement?
What was the latest legal closing time on Sundays in English pubs as of 2000?
How many people live in Nigeria?
What is the Nanjing Library's ranking in China?
What area is important to the fruit juice industry
"Which word is used when somebodys sexual orientation, behaviors, and idenity match?"
What did the exercises lead to?
What did Dean's backers become known as?
Did the club later regret their choice?
What branch of government are the House of Representatives focused on?
"In what year did the Southern New England Telephone Company, formerly the District Telephone Company of New Haven, establish operations in the area?"
What is compromised of many levels of codified and uncodified forms of law?
"What type of birds generally feed by fishing, plant eating or piracy?"
What was the median income for a household in the city?
"how long was phuture's ""acid tracks""?"
How many pharmaceutical drugs were approved on average since 2001?
How many preseason games does each MLB team play?
What percentage of Polish Jews were killed during the Holocaust?
What show did Spielberg work with Rodat on?
Where are the remains of the 416 unidentified soldiers who died in the Korean War?
What is the library programmers use to solve object-relational impedance mismatch?
How much money does the nonprofit arts and culture industry raise for government?
"What did Nakamura, Akasaki, and Amano receive for their work?"
What type of city-states were involved with the Roman Republic?
How is theology carried out in a confessional church?
"Besides part of Italy, over what areas did Phillip rule?"
What took the place of the German DIN 4512 system?
What does the Latin word animalis mean?
What was the second time period that a significant change began to happen in Cubism?
What historic period was the foundry for classic Chinese literature in the ancient world?
What religion did Irish and Italian immigrants bring with them to Boston?
What did Calvin particular reject?
Of the eight precepts which one is on sexual misconduct?
Who was put in charge of the People's Movement of Ukraine?
Where did these Germans eventually occupy?
Sir Edwin Lutyens' city planning in what city marked a shift in design?
Who named the element zinc?
What does a Kommunalverband besonderer Art require?
Who was George VI's brother?
In what year did the directors of Barcelona first claim to operate a professional football club?
And what was Benigno Andrade's?
What is a criticism of other streaming services?
In what year did Sony and Philips band together to design a new digital audio disc?
"In Gallagher's definition of genocide, a source of what is malicious in it implementation of the destruction of a group?"
What is the second most visited art museum in Paris?
When did the physical exchange of the drachma to euro take place?
Why was Britain mainly interested in solid fuel rockets?
What market did Dell ignore at first?
Season six was the first season where what had more viewers?
What did the Chinese Communists want?
From which country was lapis lazuli imported?
What is race a factor of for the ethnically diverse people of China?
Which sediements in the US are an indication of the break up of Pangaea?
What were ottoman irregular sharpshooters known as?
When is Children's Day?
Do all antibiotics interact dangerously with alcohol?
What is the total number of possible sRGB colors?
When was the Golf Club of Punta Carretas founded?
Which port is Galicia's most important?
Who designed the Palacio Salvo?
How can low frequencies be obtained?
How much was the median family income according to the American Community Survey?
What determines how deep a tester will go during regression?
The sanctiy of human life is known as what?
What is another name for the BeiDou Navigation Satellite System?
When was this deciding battle fought?
Who operates these lines?
Who owned the building at 29 East 32nd Street between 1890 and 1917?
Which president had the most completed Recovery Plans during their administration?
What scale is used by most Somali songs?
What Greek philosophers had idealistic views?
What years did Cleomenes III rule?
Can women ask to be a member of the Masonic Lodge?
"When was Pope John XXIII considered ""blessed?"""
Where does the name theravada come from?
Another name for errors in programs are called what?
What imagery is suggested in the Chinese characters of the dynasties new name?
How many speeches did Nasser give?
What happened to film speeds of black-and-white negative film?
For how long was the interest rate of Sumerian loans consistent?
What plant genus is named after Avicenna?
"In the 15th century, the ruler of which port embraced Islam?"
A 5th-century building in Huldah is believed to be what?
Who are the Yale colleges named after?
Due to size restrictions compliant devices must what?
What is the minimum amount of copper rabbits should have in their diet?
Who informed Victoria of her Uncle's passing and that she was now to become Queen of England?
How many municipalities are in Mexico City?
When was the American Church in Paris founded?
How many are in the pipelin to fight GNB?
The mathematical statement of computers versatility is known as what?
Where was the first leg of Queen's mid 2000s tour with Paul Rodgers?
Ancient Greece was the birthplace of what?
Where is Paris ranked in the EU by largest municipality?
What football star backed out due to relay controversy?
Why did Whitehead view the existence of God as a necessity for his metaphysical system?
Where is the macawis worn?
What artificial geological feature was added to Seattle in 1909?
What agency pioneered DNA testing?
What is another name for Nanjing Fuzimiao?
"What cannot travel on Downtown Miami streets during ""Bike Miami""?"
How many emergency calls are made yearly?
What makes San Diego the ideal city to commute via bike?
When did Kerry run for president?
What bacterium is used to produced GM cotton?
What are inside male testes?
The submarine volcano was formed as part of the same proces as what two things?
How many Germans live in Brazil?
What do Jehovah Witnesses describe anyone who formally resign from the church as?
What type of precipitation is the Piedmont known for?
Haredi and Hasidic Jewry have a stronger connection to what country?
What book did Stout and Jeanine M. Love author that further examines the on between Whitehead and Follett?
What is the oldest public high school in the US?
When was Strasbourg annexed by the Kingdom of France?
What does OKL stand for?
Was firmware update 3.21 optional or mandatory if users wanted to continue accessing the PS Network?
What kind of routines do general gymnastic groups perform?
What position did George Hardie hold?
What period was from 500-1400?
What did Chinese laborers do after they left that line of work?
What virtues should samurai not be dismissive of?
Where did Queen record their 1982 album?
What is a common way stores are distributed in Mexico City?
Where do Oklahoma's winds bring moisture from?
What are Jehovah Witnesses discouraged from doing?
When did wars between Britain and France in North America start?
What is the most prevalent type of climate nCalifornia?
Between which two lines of longitude is the Congo located?
How severe are Florida disenfranchisement laws
What has the catalog of infectious agents grown to the point of?
"At an extremely large airport, what is in place but not usually used?"
What modern company introduced LEDs in 1968?
"In adults, what conditions can cause the symptoms of asthma?"
Where do you look for the pronunciation of different dialects?
Who starred in the first movie Schwarzenegger remembers seeing?
Who is the only one who has the authority to stop the game when something is wron?
What was the name of the firm commissioned to build The Traymore Hotel?
How long do ITPs last?
From whom was Marwan descended?
How many Windows 8 licenses were purchased by January 2013?
What are the kings of the Konbaung monarchy famed for in their rule?
How many days a year does Detroit get a thick snow pack?
What book on the perceptual theory was written by James Laird?
What percentage of Bavarian students went to a Gesamtschule in 2007?
What is an example of a shorter migration?
Who invaded the Archaemenid Empire in 334BC?
Who won a border war with Libya?
What was considered to be a major cause of the increase in educational gap?
What is crosspicking?
Who was the first woman to run Mexico City?
In what year did Miami play host to the negotiations concerning the Free Trade Area of the Americas?
How many linguistic regions of Switzerland have their own form of local dialect?
How often do the national rugby teams play for the Triple Crown?
What is one of the most dangerous jobs for USAF personnel?
"There is a museum on Whitney Avenue that contain a variety of historical treasure, what is its' name?"
Which TV film Spielberg directed played off 'The Exorcist'?
Same-sex marriage became legal on what date in New York?
Who was aggravated by the Proclamation of 1763?
What is the biggest public park in the city?
What airport serves Melbourne?
How long before stochastic computing could be implemented?
How widespread was the success of CD-4 format?
What securities had lower credit ratings but potentially a higher rate of return?
Are the majority of CDPs connected or disconnected from the North American road network?
In what state was Camp Meade located?
How could the locomotives run on four speed levels?
What was the first country to be able to buy the new DualShock 3 in stores?
How many species of moss is there?
The militia that fought in New Haven was lead by who?
What is London's second most competitive industry?
Where has Protestantism spread quickly since the 1900's?
What is another term for anti-aircraft warfare?
Who was the highest commander that is under Hitler?
What caused Steve Jobs to resign from Apple in 1985?
Where did 60% of populations stay?
Why did Chesapeake Bay colonists begin to buy slaves?
Which goespel begins its story of Mary with the Annunciation?
On what date was the stamp officially released?
Dragonflys use what kind of propulsion?
What historical event once again freed Estonia?
What type of mathematics aided in developing European science?
In what year did SME merge with another company?
Who is a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Stanford University?
Into how many languages was Cesare Beccaria's Crimes and Punishments (1764) translated?
Are quails used for any purpose other than human consumption ?
The two main structures that protect the brain are what?
What did James Madison referred to the new United States as?
When did it reach 2 million occupants>
What names are used that are typically from  a father and have usually added a suffix or prefix ?
What was constructed out of reinforced concrete?
Where is Boston Common located?
What kind of plants did monasteries cultivate?
What did Sutton mean in the Old English language?
At what event is pork traditionally eaten on Tuvalu?
What should NPOs focus on offering employees instead of high wages?
In which areas were the earliest human inhabitants discovered?
When was 'Men In Black' released?
When did John Couch Adams begin working on the orbit of Uranus?
What did Yongle want to trade with Tibet?
What specifies the amino acid sequence of a protein?
What can be used to cancel a inductibe reactance or residual capacitative?
What is used to make saline or brackish water drinkable?
What is the name of the immunology school at Mount Sinai?
What 1350 writer stated that cotton was produced by sheep that grew on trees?
In what year did Edward VII ascend to the throne?
What was the fate of the proposal to make Taiwanese the second official language?
What did the war result in?
What happens to the voltage when an inductive circuit is opened?
What is the name of the musician that was a part of the roots and was also a blues guitarist?
What is the percentage of Asian speakers in Seattle?
What was the originally-planned launch year for Twilight Princess?
How much money did Spectre gross after four weekends in China?
What does NBS stand for?
Which fan club is closely allied to the Arsenal club?
What was established during medieval periods by religious orders?
What other conditions can cause wheezing?
Jazz and blues use ad libitum and what other ornamentation?
What is the primary language spoken by the people in Swaziland?
Are all of New Haven's smaller stream active through all four seasons?
What Secretary of the Air Force resigned in 2008?
When can the EU expect Armenia to attempt to join it?
"Along with the affluent, what is the socioeconomic class of the inhabitants of the Southside?"
What's the name for the pretty coloring effect caused in some wood by rot-producing fungi?
"What name, besides springwood, is used for the part of a growth ring formed in the beginning of the growing season?"
What was one goal of the invasion of Saxony?
What are North Korea and China examples of?
What place is still considered a prominent acoustic performance area?
What type of disagreement existed in tribal groups that were controlled by charismatic leaders?
Who was Melbourne named in honor of?
How was St. Augustine founded?
Who is BJP's Chief MInister of Himachal Pradesh?
"In 2004, Southampton's contribution to the regional economy had almost doubled from what it was in what year?"
How did Old English strong verbs express the past tense?
What was the founding year of the New York Daily News?
How long has  Yale Field been open and active?
What are replication origins?
Who has composed most of Steven Spielberg's movies?
What does the pain usually stem from with MI?
Why is the US so important to Bermuda?
How long ago did the last ice age happen in India?
What does 'moroz' mean?
In what year was the Empire State Building completed?
What 1982 movie includes Sylvester Stallone running on the Santa Monica Beach?
What may have been buried by the same prehistoric people?
How many James Bond films has Eon Productions produced?
What percentage of the city's population is Caucasian?
What sort of response does the stimulus cause?
What was John's nickname?
How does Whitehead characterize anything that exists?
Which publications reported some issues with the graphics of Twilight Princess?
What body administers the Ellis Island Immigration Museum?
What type of government is now established in Myanmar?
Who led the founders of the Barcelona football club?
The Knickebein was the same as the Lorenz but used how many beams?
Bodhisattvas are not encouraged to eat what?
What nationality was de Beauvoir?
What's the name of the agreement that ended with the start of Samoa's independence from New Zealand?
Which month and year did GQ feature Beyonce on its cover?
What are mutations that lead to amino acid sequence changes but leave the protein functioning similarly called?
What was the population in 2010 according to the Census Bureau?
Who performed the tasks of the Zongli Yamen before it was created?
"As of 2003, what was the rate of increase in the amount of data recorded by the Wayback Machine?"
By what age had Avicenna learned the entire Quran?
What happened to the reward the BBC received?
Big pop artists account for how what percentage of the views on youtube?
What did another study show that less than 3% of reached the local level?
Who stated in August 2014 that they picked up the rights beginning in its 2015 season?
Where did Nasser attend law school?
What phrase has been called a misnomer?
Frontiersmen from the Carolinas moved west into what area that is now known as Tennessee?
What is the strip of 27th Street between Tenth and Eleventh Avenues known as?
What was the most severe form of physical punishment at Eton referred to as?
What percent in the 2000 census had persons under the age of 18?
How were sports introduced in Bermuda?
What is the average temperature for January in Atlantic City?
"By 2012, how much did the ECB spend in covering bad debt?"
In which year were English football clubs banned from competition in Europe?
"In the 2008 primary, how much of the Bronx vote did Clinton get?"
Where was Schwarzenegger vacationing when he broke his leg?
What new genre di John Field invent?
What dynasty maked the rise of Egypt as international power?
When did Spielberg and Irving marry?
What is the main reason the US-led coalition won a decisive victory in the Persian Gulf War?
What weather feature does Neptune have stronger than any other planet?
How long can it take to reach the equilibrium ratio?
What was on the forehead of the woman on the scarlet horned beast?
Where did director Gerald Freedman attend school?
"What does the new ""race science"" call attention to the importance of?"
How is Switzerland ranked of 189 countries in the Ease of Doing Business Index?
What do diurnal birds produce as opposed to non migratory species?
In what month and year was the grand opening of Drake Circus Shopping Centre?
Humans consider most insects as what?
What is the interest of the Savile club at Eton?
What was a subject that all Dominican students had to learn?
What type of legal system is the Philippines officially?
Which publication said Nintendo's best console ever was the SNES?
What was the total bounty offered for Captian Every after England heard that the Ganj-i-Sawai was  taken
How much of near-shore marine annelids are burrowing?
What were some of the rights women had during this time period?
What is lowered in children who have pets?
How much money did the State Department give the traffickers?
What sort of meat is sold in Somali businesses in Minneapolis?
How did the Egyptian press react to Nasser's accomplishments?
What is the largest private university in Uruguay?
What date was the Charleston earthquake of 1886?
Who coaches the University of Arizona men's basketball team?
What was Nigeria's population density in 2009?
What is a person called who does the initial pencil work for the artwork?
Where was Goa?
What did the Romans call the third hour before sunrise?
What two exports has the Congo begun producing recently?
How do cancer patients usually control their background pain?
"What is the profession of the individual who referred to Somalia as a ""Nation of Bards""?"
Where created the first practical integrated circuits?
In what year was a large scale solar distillation project constructed in Las Salinas?
What is the Armenian term for settlment?
Where did Italy start using the AC system?
Where are consonants aspirated in just the final position?
What are the titles of the standard media apps on current Apple devices?
What is the elevation of Tennessee's highest point?
Greece became a full ESA member when?
Who wrote American Idol: The Untold Story?
Who owns the Football Association Premier League?
Who developed the 33 1/3 rpm LP?
How many top five singles came from her first album?
When did Beyoncé release her first solo album?
What are some other major wrestling companies?
Who came up with a way to quickly produce penicillin?
Who signed the Union of Utrecht?
What caused the downfall of the downfall of the the original kingdom in Myanmar?
What percentage of Islamic women were educated before the 1200s?
Who gave Spectre a perfect rating in The Daily Telegraph?
How long would a lunar eclipse be visible?
What edicts did the Ming issue?
Who was President Roosevelt's key advisor?
What is the nickname of the city that the government is trying to push now?
Where did ArenaBowl XX take place?
What happens to a state's obligations under a treaty upon its withdrawal from the treaty?
Name one of Madonna's major influence?
What is the mode of travel for Antarctic tours?
What was the goal of the first trading companies?
What denominational variance do they adhere to for the most part ?
What event formed a crater in Saaremaa?
Czechs immigrated from Europe to the U.S. primary from 1848 to when?
What did Burke think was missing from the French Revolutionary Government?
What allowed the paternal line of the imperial family to gain influence over royal succession?
How does a sangoma in Swaziland communicate?
Why is Iranian cuisine so diverse besides being influenced by other cultures?
What acts cover tort damages from police brutality cases?
When did protesters run into the outfield and try to set fire to the U.S. flag?
How long has this name immutability been guaranteed?
What does each greater level of assembly have?
What animal species was delisted in August 2008?
Why would hybrids have characteristics that keep them from being fertile?
How many octaves does Beyonce have?
"In place of instruments, what do some modern a cappella groups implement?"
Nicky Minaj became a spokesperson for which brand of soda after seeing Beyonce involved with it?
How old was the oldest brain discovered thought to be?
Buddha was part of what subcontinent?
What is locally referred to as the Australian Dream?
What did the British fear most?
What locomotives are usually more reliable?
How high is the continent of Antarctica above sea level?
The city's bus system is being over hauled to work with what other program?
When did work begin on the 105 mm static mounting AA gun?
How many songs did most albums contain?
What is it called when a bird's kidneys extract nitrogenous waste from their bloodstream and secrete it as uric acid?
What is the average annual rainfall of Guam?
What do the structure of a contempory traditional orchestra consist of?
What did China introduce to the war in 1951?
The Twilight Princess manga was only available in what country?
"Besides customer problems, what other area is Comcast often criticized over?"
How can a DBMS database migration be made easier?
What position was Tito appointed to in 1941 by the Central Committee?
What is the primary cue for migration?
What policy guaranteed that characters have a unique and immutable name?
What Richmond street contains a notable amount of Victorian buildings?
What percentage of Norfolk Island is a permanent pasture?
What differentiates placozoans from the ctenophora and the cnidaria?
Where is Gerda Abst a professor mandolin?
Who came up with the Armenian alphabet?
What year was Clinton v. City of New York decided by the supreme court?
Who slew an envoy of Khagan Bayan I?
The Times was the first newspaper to send correspondents to what kind of event?
How were the different factions distinguished from eachother?
What types of advanced books did some Japanese women read?
How many BYU campus rooms are used for the purposes of LDS Church congregations?
Who lost the battle of Cowpens?
Apollo 17 landed on the Moon on which date?
"When were the Russian Empire, Serbia, and Montenegro the only free Slavic states in the world?"
What language originated the word bitumen?
Why did Steele think people were not attacking Barrack Obama?
When was the ductile form of tungsten invented?
Who do we owe gratitude for even some species of cotton to?
In what river does the Bronx have 4 peninsulas?
By what year was the greater part of the army presence in Plymouth gone?
What color garment is used in traditional chants to represent the purity of Mary's conception ?
Who has the power to issue a reprieve?
How much did Stick and Sweet Tour grossed?
When was Spielberg named the 'most influential celebrity in America'?
Who was Prefect Nicholas Frochot under?
Vessels of what navy protected convoys?
In which year did Feynman orate the Caltech commencement speech?
Who came into power in 1992?
How many children came back from Auschwitz?
When did the abbey suffer damage?
How did Pitt's strategy affect Britain's future plans?
What is the exception to this reduction?
What are the districts of Germany considered?
Is the age that peope are allowed to marry universally decided upon?
What ideaology is found in the natural sciences?
"In parts of the country, Romani is spoken by who?"
"In 1770, who reported that Medri Bahri was a distinct political entity from Abyssinia?"
In what form does the Quran say God sends his messages to people?
How did Valens get him to return?
When did the reference software become an international standard?
What came to a halt during the moment of silence?
What year was the RMS Saint Helena supposed to be decommissioned?
What was the State de France built for?
Quantum Dot LEDs can do what special skill?
What sort of reality did Collier believe was knowable?
What Beaux Arts structure on New Haven's Chapel Street was built on the site believed to formerly feature the home of Roger Sherman?
Which country did Britain ally with in 1902?
How did the Nazis conjure up anti-Semitic feelings in civilians?
When did the Computer Emergency Readiness Team investigate 79 hacking incidents at energy companies?
"In recent years, what usage has risen dramatically?"
What is a condition that can cause symptoms of astham in children?
What is an issue of reporting pain specific to Asians?
Where is Henry VIII's wine cellar?
"What was the purpose of the created of The ""Shell"" Transport and Trading Company?"
"If a tree starts forming heartwood right away, will its sapwood layer be thin or thick?"
What language are most languages of Italy derived from?
How long is the track connecting Brazzaville and Pointe-Noire?
The team that discovered M458 was led by who?
What features allow the cable-ready TVs to display HD content without an external box?
"As of January 2013, The Sunday Times has a circulation of how many people?"
Where did the Texas bulb begin its life?
Which private contractor acted as police for businesses?
When did the Avid Life Media CEO resign?
What was Roper's position?
What is the official name of the missile test facility?
What other beginnings of origination do some of the last names of the Greeks share ?
How much of the subsidized bulk mail delivery program goes to carriers who offer passenger service?
What other instrument did the Tennessee string bands use?
The Guinness World record was credited to which production designer?
What nation possessed the Dutch East Indies?
When do birds molt?
What did President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo establish?
What religious activity was responsible for the growing demand for hostelries?
Why did Darwin feel plants had something comparable to a brain?
What entity provides help with the management of time for new students at Notre Dame?
In what areas of the US does Comcast operate?
How did Tajikistan change their economy?
How many passengers ride the Staten Island Ferry annually?
Who was at the forefront of the fight to change the laws on defective products?
When did most Catalan speakers leave northern Catalonia?
The Fajr-3 missile uses what type of propulsion system?
An entertainment listings guide in the Saturday edition of The Times is called what?
How did the Quebec Act of 1774 affect religion?
What anniversary did the chain take place on?
Who is an example of a perdurantist?
"Other than Tibetan Buddhism, what other Buddhism supports bardo?"
Who noted that Gaddafi made long speeches?
Who got emails asking him to boycott the torch relay?
What was the name of the BBC changed to in 1960?
What events ended the war with Japan?
What was Mandela's nationality?
What does federal law come from?
Who first patented the process that creates an oxide usable in the retort process?
"To whom is the quote ""it was like playing men from outer space"" attributed?"
MediaOne merged with what telecommunications company?
How many PCs was Dell's Indian plant slated to make in 2007?
Who was the  vice royalty of the Sakya regime established by?
Who presented himself as a model?
Mahayana includes which practices of Buddhism?
What other career fields have seen an increase in active combat missions?
Who controlled the newly restored government of the Republic of Korea?
What is one of the many ways the DCA utilizes passive defense to protect from enemy attacks?
How many days of full sun does Tucson get each year?
Where was the Declaration of Independence signed?
What is the U.S.'s largest museum complex?
The integrated circuit of a computer was the idea of whom?
What percentage of adolescents reporting having experienced physical violence in a relationship?
What did A.W Kinglake make the British out to be?
"How did Virgil earn his nickname ""Parthenias"" or ""maiden""?"
The establishment of what body was the subject of A.L.A. Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United States?
What country is used as an example for limited forms of communications?
When was MASHAV established?
Mrigavyadha destroys animal instinct in who?
What is the biggest office building in Tucson?
What was the chivalric order established by Edward III in 1348?
What type of axioms were used by von Neumann in his lattice work?
"What was the intended purpose of youtube's ""shows"" section?"
How far do penguins travel when they migrate?
When did Greece join the Eurozone?
What sort of airspace is the DCA designed to protect?
Under what name were those lectures later published?
How long has Microsoft Windows supported WGL-4?
What was the increase of Greece's industrial output between 2005 and 2011?
"Who described outreach events at Eton as ""unfair and indefensible?"""
Of what nationality was Michel Aflaq?
What makes up Education?
How were the connections supported?
When was the new constitution for CAR approved?
What is the biggest school in Thuringia?
How many volumes does the University Library contain?
The audience at Live Aid clapped to what Queen Song?
"In 2014, what percentage of the city identified as Protestant?"
When was the Peloponnesian War?
Approximately how many total viewers watched the England World Cup qualifier on the internet on 10 October 2009?
How are parasites distiguished from grazers?
Sheryl Crow felt the show undermined art and promoted what?
How many troops were allocated to Zipingpu?
Who was accused of teaching the public how to power text for the winner?
VH1 listed her at what number on their 100 Sexiest Artists list?
What long term issues can arise from frequent diarrhea?
Do they speak Spanish fluently?
What does the Roman Catholic Church say is not comparable to their sacraments and dogmas?
What is the largest school of medicine in Europe?
What did Robert Blumenschine propose?
What is the largest Indo-European ethno-linguistic group in Europe?
around when did the great plains become productive for crop growing
What denomination does the oldest church in Plymouth belong to?
"Along with energy crisis, what other significant historical event led to countries adopting DST?"
How did they manage the tensions in the present of Spanish Transition to democracy?
Were Greek temples built in the Hellenistic period larger or smaller than classical temples?
What house was the founder of the Ottoman empire?
What are the qualifications offered?
How did the Bovington sign course director think of Gaddafi?
What did youtube do on March 31 2010?
What frequency does green light with a wavelength of 555 nanmetres have?
In what year did the Marshall Islands receive sovereignty?
When did The Mamas make their debut?
The LAME encoder allows bit rates that are what?
Who's writing were very influential on the design of the United States Constitution?
Who was John's eldest son?
Why did natives consider Africans to have a 'Great Medicine'?
Which type of music was popular during the 90s?
Why is Brasilia a good place for air sports?
Do all plants have male and female parts?
What year was the priests' grammar book put into print?
How many historical Christian creeds did Martin write about?
What was the first practical LED?
General Baptists shared similarities with who?
Who won season five of American Idol?
What activities are popular in the mountains of Tucson?
At what stage does a doctor begin empirical therapy?
How many prisoners of war were executed in the sack of Delhi?
Which parts of Turkey are characterized by a Mediterranean climate?
What event led to Russia being renamed the Russian Federation?
What programming did IBM use in the 1970s?
Which river touches the major shopping district near 181st Street?
What famous Grecian author inspired later authors and their works?
What has the state of Louisiana done to combat the nutria?
Which original judge left prior to the start of the season?
The three airports that have the most people come through them in NYC are which?
Where is the Papalote Children's Museum located?
Who did Nasser appoint to run Syria?
How many litres of water will the Wonthaggi desalination plant be capbale of treating per year?
Who does Charles Lamb speculate were once children?
"Which alumni was a co-creator of ""The Young and the Restless"", and ""The Bold and the Beautiful""?"
The protesters were unhappy with the pollution in what body of water?
When were the first published reports of bitumen extraction in Albania?
When did China join the Galileo project?
Who defeated the Kakatiya dynasty in 1310?
In what year was Chopin born?
Relativity illustrates that what is interchangeable?
What event caused the end of Ahom rule in Assam?
What is a hypodesecnt rule?
In which year did Andrew Johnson become President?
When was Minority Report released?
How many gods do the Hindu's have?
Which artist did Beyonce marry?
How long does it take for patents to expire after being filed?
Which church is affiliated with the Evangelical Presbyterian Church in Malawi?
New Haven served as home to what two notable 19th century architects?
"Anatomy, biology, geology, mineralogy, and zoology are all studies of which subject?"
Which type of music was popular during the 90s?
What event caused the citizens to reconsider how the government of Mexico City was set up?
In what year did the establishment of Coconut Grove occur?
Who was the thirty year war between?
What type of message was left on the mosaics at Butrint?
What happens if the wrestler doesn't break a hold?
What elements in 19th century European literature were a reaction to the romanticism movement?
What is the common term for an IFGET?
When did India and Pakistan gain independence?
What was the title of Pippin?
"What's the minimum amount of copper a layer in a PCB can have to be considered ""heavy copper""?"
Where do state banquets take place?
Who was able to describe the process of evaporation?
What did Bell think could be collected from farm and factory byproduct?
From what word is Greece derived?
The American observer said what about the damage to London?
What film won the Palme d'Or at Cannes in 1998?
Who was Henry Hudson working for?
What is the population of Saint Helena?
What process caused the financial system to both expand and become fragile?
What was a key factor in Frossard's disasterous retreat to the south?
The oldest brain found in a cave was from what gender of human?
When was the time limit on video length first enacted on youtube?
What did Napoleon III and the royal couple visit?
What philosophical term corresponds to the type of interpretation in ta'wil?
What is the purpose of the geostationary orbit satellites in the BeiDou-2 system?
What mall is located in Casas Adobes?
What aspect does Alister McGrath argue is important in Christianity?
What was West Berlin under the sovereignty of?
What did Bermuda's merchant shipping fleet do whenever it had the chance?
When was the first comprehensive school opened in Gibraltar?
Who designed the Parc de l'Orangerie?
What did Chinese laborers do after they left that line of work?
How many plant species does Brazil's Atlantic Forest contain?
What is the type of symbiotic relationship where the symbionts can live together but can also survive alone?
How old are most of the native language speakers in northern Catalonia?
What percent of the Bronx is Hispanic and Latino Americans?
Over what period of time did the reconstruction plan for the Somali Post cover?
What is the main driver of the economy now?
Which season's dark mornings led to people complaining about the switch from DST?
How large is Lafayette Park?
How far is Tucson from Phoenix?
What is a reason why the water from a water stabilisation pond may be unusable?
Where did Kanye and his mother relocate when he was 10?
Which state in the US is the only to have higher fuel prices than Alaska?
What Russian institutions were removed in the decade following Estonia's reclaim of independence?
How many days a year does Detroit get a thick snow pack?
"In art, what is the name for the motif of Mary cradling the body of Jesus?"
Who has said that Barrino's rendition of Summertime has been his top moment of all seasons?
When did Madonna have nude photos taken of her in New York?
who thought the great plains were the locations of Quivira and Cíbola?
How many doctoral degrees did Northwestern confer during the 2012-2013 school term?
When did explorer Carl Anton Larsen become a British citizen?
What is Kingsbridge Armory being turned into?
Where are these races held?
The public hospital that has been around the longest in the US is what?
What was  the Soviet Union suffering from in the 1980's?
What is this distinction similar to?
What group was to approve the new democratic constitution?
What happens in a fatal four-way?
Were there more Democrats or Republicans in 2007?
When did Burke become the Prime Minister's private secretary?
What book did James Gleck write about Feynman?
"What forces measurement attempts to choose between trade-offs, in quanta?"
What type of BYU TV network opened in 2000 under Pres. Merrill J. Bateman?
When is Oklahoma city sever weather season begin?
How did the Bow Street group pay their employees?
What type of faith is Protestantism?
When may immunity be acquired?
What does Zhe mean in Chinese?
Which historian commented that the king's act in associating with Chamberlain as unconstitutional?
How long has copper been used in building construction?
Which conservative party is popularly against joining the EU?
What type of business is LeClairRyan?
Where is a monument located that honors Avicenna?
What is a notable achievement about the Kleines Fest im Großen Garten?
What plan appropriated $13.7 billion over five years?
What did the Ming dynasty create?
What would citizens of Cork pay to neighboring lords in order to prevent them from attacking their city?
From what entity was the Albufera bought?
What was the practical ceiling of the effective heavy guns?
What did Chopin play at the funeral?
what happens to the reflected wave which allows the antenna to reach its asympotic feedpoint impedance?
How many named lakes are there in Montana?
What buddhism has a goal of Buddhahood or rainbow body?
What is the name of the process being considered in Arizona that allows copper to be recovered?
"""Compensation"" is the name of the system used for what type of elevators?"
What team plays its home games at Weston Mill?
When did Barry Weiss become CEO of RCA/Jive?
Until what era did spells persist in the empire?
What can be used to make glass less refractive?
What was tyrothricin used for during the war?
What was Luther's main principle?
What were the countries who supported the US's post-9/11 invasions called?
Where in the rankings does Houston's gross domestic product place it compared to other U.S. domestic areas?
What is a something that determines the size of thermal mass?
When was the first wrap-around concert hall in the Western Hemisphere opened?
What type of disease if often studied to understand damage to the brain?
"In Australia, what percent of non-passerine birds are partially migratory?"
"In additions, the train line is also connected with which airline services?"
What are the variations in the text of witnesses known as?
Who is he current Minority leader?
What Ukrainian political group was involved in the defeat of the German Empire?
About how much does it cost per year to pay workers in the New York fashion industry?
How much natural gas is Egypt producing in a day?
How much did a jewel case cost in 1995?
What is another name for the first self reproducing computer program?
How far out of alignment is Oklahoma's western edge from Texas's border?
How many levels of pre-Ubaid pottery were excavated by the French in the 1980s?
How many Tibetans died during the Great Leap Forward?
Who created the Jarden des Plantes?
By nightfall a major component of the VII and VII Corps withdrew towards what Prussian position?
What year was The Ballroom built?
Are transactions limited?
By how many rivers is the city of New Haven drained?
Who was fired from First Secretary position by Gorbachev?
What method of lighting have been used since 1820s?
By dying what did Decius avoid for the battle?
Clarke was what to Williams?
What other international laws deal with child labour?
What do physical and chemical properties of hydrogen depend on?
Which voting concern has been present since the first season?
"Where is the ""Tardy Book"" kept?"
"In degrees Celsius, what is the average January temperature in Miami?"
What are the names of the two separate Estonian languages?
What was the general opinion of the law?
This is the first season to have what kind of auditions?
Name a soundtrack in the film Who's That Girl?
How long is the run that the USAF airmen are tested on for the fitness program?
The Cambrian period was how long ago?
Who was the first person from Europe to observe the Marshall Islands?
How much money does the University of Houston attract to Houston a year?
when the east india company move to commercial  trading what  company did they surpass?
What video game console uses infrared LEDs?
What two agencies had a lack of co-operation?
What Arsenal manager replaced Mee?
In who's book did von Neuman find errors in the author's equations?
What does green represent in Ireland and Scotland?
Did the rapid rise of motor vehicle ownership and highway developments lead to an increasing or declining inner city population?
How many governments are apart of federalism?
"In the College of Cardinals, the elected Dean needs the approval of who?"
What % of the population claimed social security benefits in 2006/7?
In what year did the New Delhi Railway Station open?
What does GBAD stand for?
What did European mysticism concentrate on that English mysticism didn't?
Who was the author of the 1943 Plan for Plymouth?
What prompts darkness over the land in old literary works?
What did the old letter ⟨ѫ⟩ become?
What is the typical base type for automotive lamps?
What did the majority of Estonians view the Germans as?
When does the majority of the rain fall in Mexico City?
What happens with these soft feacal pellets?
What was the title of the article Nasser wrote for his school paper?
What is the tallest mountain closests to Bern?
When was the Football League originally founded?
What nation's military destroyed Libyan Arab Airlines Flight 114?
Who was the runner up this season?
Who lived in buildings that would later come to be known as the Presidential Palace?
When did the torch arrive in Nagano?
who was the resident of the Ministry of Sound?
What do hunting groups also participate in?
When did royal weddings begin at the church?
In what decade did the scientific revolution begin?
What was the award in 1998 for?
Who is claimed to have been influenced by The Grammar of Science?
"Does adolescent participation in family work and routines have a positive or negative influence on feelings of self-worth, care, and concern for others?"
What does each state have their own of?
What is the usual mean temperature in Houston?
Which crops grown in West Tennessee had required a great deal of slave labor?
Who constructed the Bitumont oil separation plant?
What does Microsoft Windows use internally for its real-time clock?
What sort of functions do the products of operon genes typically have?
Some insects have a fine scale spatial orientation and/or what else?
What do they destroy now instead of clay pipes?
What percentage of copper has been extracted since 1900?
How many passengers come through Adolfo Lopez Mateos International Airport?
Von Braun and his associates were sent to  United States Army's White Sands Proving Ground in what year?
"Most U.S law, the kind of law we live everyday, consists of what kind of law?"
The mosaic at the Byzantine church of the Lazarium most closely resembles mosaics from which area?
What is it called when too many consumers attempt to save or pay down debt at the same time?
What do new high tech healthcare technologies translate to?
What is the name of the political party's leader that The Times supported in the 2001 general election?
What is the vital nutriment for Myxobacteria?
What is the general temperature of coastal location during the night?
Which King of Pop was influenced by Queen?
What is atheism?
"In addition to being a police chief, Jinrong was also what?"
"The Southern Connecticut State University has it own theater as while, it's name?"
Why did so many schools collapse during the earthquake?
Which groups were classified as being at a high risk for AIDS?
Understanding who's work was the tradition meaning of Cubism formed on?
"Madonna, Cher, Gloria Estefan and Kylie Minogue are artists in what genre of music?"
"What praised John's ""great renown"" as a king?"
Tasmania was formerly known as what?
What does StuCo stand for?
A refractor can be compared to what type of viewing?
Early 20th century states began to have a responsiblity to take care of whom?
What cross is on the British flag?
What did Dorgon declare in July of 1645?
How many suburban residents take in Detroit's entertainment options?
What type of land area is at most risk of earthquake damage?
What signal did Euro1080 later change to?
What year was the first homestead claim claimed?
A court system with a hierarchy of different administrative courts occurs in what kind of legal system?
Who did Vilanova replace as manager?
Who was Henrich d'Arrest?
What linguistic event in English could we parallel with the Dutch lowering of diphthongs?
When did Nimitz launch a carrier raid against Formosa?
Are records generally out of print as of date?
What are the citizens of Tajikistan called?
When did Himachal emerge as the 18th state of the Indian Union?
What type of sports centers are Wutaishan Sports Center and Nanjing Olympic Sports Center considered to be?
What is the name of Thammasat University's engineering school?
What does Nasser's brother's name translate to?
Which is one of the tribes that spoke Insular Celtic?
What's the medical term for TB when it spreads from the lungs to other parts of the body?
What protects the island from storms?
What type of devotee was Pope Paul VI?
What Richmond neighborhood is home to the Jefferson Hotel?
Why is Thurnigia's landscape shaped by human influence?
Where did the confirmation of privileges of Jedlnia take place?
When did the Luftwaffe fly inland missions?
When was the Eisenhower Doctrine adopted?
"What place produces live concerts, plays and comedy?"
"According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Montevideo's male population?"
Who received free tuition after buying the $100 perpetual scholarships?
What ideology does Microsoft follow?
Who supported Beyonce through her depression?
Out of one million szlachtas how many were magnates?
What notable Roman figure died in 408?
How much land did the Desert Land Act allot?
What institution aids in the creation of charter schools in New York?
During the later 18th century the trend of neoclassic design attempted to simplify what styles?
"How many of Carl Laemmle, Sr.'s relatives were working for Universal as of 1928?"
When do the processions occur after?
Who did a media magnate in the 1980s buy The Times from?
Which part of the body relesases estrogen in females?
What is it called when the last Imam or his unborn successor goes into concealment?
When did the theater in the Plymouth Athenaeum close?
The abdomen is less strong than the thorax and what?
What effect did the expansion of the three cantons into eight have on the status of the federation?
What allowed for a deeper understanding and personal exploration of older philosophers theories?
Where was Jesus Crucified?
What has been growing in the recent years?
How long was the fault where the quake occurred?
Who discovered the first synthetic dye?
How did Frederick protect East Prussia when he went to invade Saxony?
When did this push occur?
How did Hume view inductive vs deductive reasoning?
Where was Chopin born?
When was the Ottoman empire founded?
What US officer led the troops who were destroyed at Little Big Horn?
What is the fan shaped blood supply system in a bird's retina?
What were Wafd members accused of?
What did 'Plym Mouth' mean?
What must be decompressed?
How many people can be in a routine?
What American is considered to have been a seminal influence in the charismatic movement?
What manager in the late 1990s brought success to Arsenal?
Why couldn't the confederacy defend their ports?
What are iconic monumuents of Egypt?
What do these authors use in the form of proof for credit given to the other religion  ?
When did the FBI lab first appear?
What has been the result of attempts to connect Sumerian to other language groups?
What was the only difference in the study between gay and straight men?
What term does Popper use that roughly means verisimilitude?
What revoked Strasbourg's status as a free city?
How many journals did Queen Victoria write in her lifetime?
What exact date did Samoan independence go into effect?
What are the constituents of Class 1 transposable elements?
What adverse effect was thalidomide associated with?
In what film did Donald Moffat play President Bennett?
What country provides the highest rate of support for cotton growers?
Where were the envoys sent?
What language eventually came to power in the Irrawaddy valley ?
What notable Nepali figure died in a Kathmandu earthquake?
What was the winning score for the game with Real Madrid at Bernabeu stadium?
When did Turkey decide to become part of the blockade against Armenia?
Who ruled Nigeria until he died in 1998?
Who runs Guam's main health care facility?
During 6000 BC what area was occupied by a Neolithic culture?
"When speaking about culture, what does Ummah refer to?"
How many sub-districts are there?
What applications do chalcogenides have?
What group likes the term bitumen instead of asphalt?
When did the Southern Baptist Convention vote to adopt a resolution renouncing its racist roots?
Where did the BBC broadcast from following World War II?
How many free days of PlayStation Plus were included in the offer?
What is a name of a Catholic hospital in Detroit?
On what day are repeats of The Essentials shown?
What was Ivan Meštrović known for being?
Who compared Napoleon to Hitler in 2005?
"Along with da Vinci, who were two other artists regarded as masters of the High Renaissance?"
How many microbreweries exist in Richmond?
What professors established the importance of Whitehead's work?
What is the result of the programmer making a mistake?
In what year did CTV stop showing live broadcasts of American Idol?
What are areoles?
Which weblog helped Sanjaya survive elimination week over and over again?
"In Eastern Europe, what is the word for an institute of technology?"
Where was the first leg of Queen's mid 2000s tour with Paul Rodgers?
What did Albert complain about Victoria?
What political strategy only allowed major parts of of Estonia to be accessed by the Soviets?
How old was Beyoncé when she met LaTavia Roberson?
What city in Venezuela had the first IUT?
What was the name of Callimachus' catalog at the library of Alexandria?
How is nociceptive pain classified?
What position in the army did he become after office school?
What is the name of the major airport in Mexico City?
How does sterilisation help to keep the money flow even?
Vinters have adopted solar technology to do what?
What other rights were equal to orthodox nobles?
Who besides the Manchus and the Han made up the Eight Banners?
Who created the script for the story scenes?
What convention recognizes Russian in Armenia?
Who were the guest judges in season two?
"A method of multitasking that takes a ""slice"" of time in turn is called what?"
What do the majority of defintions surronding sexual orientation include?
"In addition to bottles and cans, How is beer often sold in bars?"
By which path did Portugal discover a route to India?
What is a unit load defined as?
What was the name of the Portuguese explorer?
What curriculum is used in non public madaris in Mindanao?
What percent of Armenias commodities were transported via rail traffic?
In which psychoanalysts clinics did Popper volunteer?
"When were independent states as Czechoslovakia, the Second Polish Republic, and the State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs established?"
What was Tip O'Neill's job?
What is the determining factor where zinc and magnesium are very similar chemically?
What reflects the prevalence rates varying?
When was the Desert Land Act passed?
Characters with what marks can be displayed as a single character or a decomposed sequence?
UNFPA is the largest worldwide funder of what type of programs?
What title did George have in India prior to 1948?
What two offices do Baptists have?
What subtype of clitellates contains earthworms?
Bell sketched a design that looked like the work of who?
"According to the census of 2000, what percentage of Swiss are pentecostal?"
When did the French language adopt the word 'police'?
Why has Thai alphabet support been criticized?
What acronym was given to South Vietnamese troops?
Where was Samoa in the order of small-island countries in their region declaring independence?
Can you pin point certain areas of the brain to certain memories.
Who replaced Kinnock?
How large is the Bronx?
Who has defined a period of when the post-punk era was?
In what period did several government monopolies become repealed?
How far below the national average is the average annual salary in Southampton?
Where is the lake located in Atenco?
What company is Martin Judge the founder of?
What type of studies does the Biological Conservation journal publish?
What is hunting and gathering argued to be?
Why is glass annealed?
Who developed the reference simulation software?
How may satellites will the BeiDou-2 system have?
What anti-Nasser Iraqi was assassinated?
"Which artists in the early 19th and 20th century inspired by the newly discovered African, Native American, Micro and Polynesian art?"
Which area did the Khazars rule over?
What kinds of adjustments would a governor make?
"From 1977 to 2011, what was Gaddafi's title?"
What is a less systematic example?
Which two Americans travelled to Europe during the Enlightenment and actively contributed to the scienific and political debate?
Jonathon Israel rejects the notion that the revolutionary ideas were by products of what transformations?
Which friend took on the role of several jobs to help Chopin including copyist?
What is another name for PM fields?
Which vowel remains distinct?
Where did the bulk of the cities populace live?
The foundation has donated billions to sufferers of
What Uralic language branch contains Estonian?
"In 1957, the Saar Protectorate rejoined the Federal Republic as which city?"
What does a omnivore imply?
Was the emperor able to reject an opinion that was made by the court conference?
Why did Zeus strike down Asclepius with a lightning bolt?
What group declared the healing a miracle by Paul VI?
What would possibly prevent the even spread of relief benefits from Iran's nuclear and sanctions deal of 2015?
How much did the occurrence of serious diseases shortly after the release of the measles vaccine?
Since when has the number of base pairs of DNA in the human genome been known?
How many planes did the United States have in the Battle of Midway?
What is the Gash Group?
What did John suffer from?
What facet of religion was not an issue for Roman?
What circuit of the US Court of Appeals is based in Richmond?
What pre-historic group did bacteria evolve from?
Who wrote 'Vengeance'?
Who wrote Hasan Mellâh yâhud Sırr İçinde Esrâr?
What is the home field of Plymouth Argyle F.C.?
What is another pan-European style?
Where did Scott Butera work prior to becoming AFL commissioner?
What neighborhoods does Cottman Avenue serve?
What year was the first HD video conferencing system displayed?
What was the geothermal capacity in 2008?
China and India are now starting to fund what type of shrines in various Asian countries?
What are the notable houses in Jaipur made from?
What is the name of the first synthetic dye discovered?
What was the purpose of top secret ICBM committee?
Where did the wealth of the Glided Age come form?
What colors were utilized for interiors?
How do Piedmont glaciers appear?
How much money did Spectre make in its first weekend in the US and Canada?
What were Arab admirers of Nasser called?
Asking questions about an organization's needs will help to create what?
What distinction was afforded to New Haven in 2014 by Livability.com?
What is the higher end of typical human hearing?
What years were the highest concentration of military action in NC during the revolutionary war?
Who was the leader of the Revolutionary Committees?
What languages are  similar to Catalan in numbers of  couplets?
What four boys from his family's boarding house became friends with Chopin?
Which judge joined the panel?
USAF Officers can be commissioned after graduation from what school?
In which French city was the surrender made official?
What is the EFTA?
Where was the Agucadoura Wave Farm located?
In what year was Trinity bomb completed?
What type of transition was noted from one group to the next?
What was King Louis XV's secret ambition for Sweden and Turkey?
How much of China's titanium is houses in Sichuan?
"In 2014, which three Tennessee counties took in the most money from tourism?"
Who led Israel in the 1990s?
"Which universal encyclopedia began publication in 1751 and was composed of 35 volumes and over 71,000 seperate entries?"
What element makes up about 6% of the chemical composition of wood?
Where did most Chinese men enter the US?
What will some wrestlers do to take advantage of the countout?
How big is Mexico City's GDP?
What did the Air Force believe they could avoid if they carried out effective day missions?
When is the Houston Pride Parade held?
Pig iron is composed of iron and what else?
What does research indicate may affect risk-taking behavior throughout the lifespan?
Who did Sprague work for early in his career?
Marvel's first team of superheroes was known by what alliterative name?
What is the main geographical landmark in London?
In what year did Tucson get the least rain?
Why are high-index glasses valued?
What was the HMS Prince carrying when it sunk?
Two government ministers resigned over Tito's visit to what region?
What does the CIE stand for?
How many cities did the LEAA study before reaching their conclusion?
Who provided the majority of the money needed to secure the site of the University of Kansas?
Which enlightened despot was so over-enthusiastic that revolts broke out and nearly all of his programs were reversed?
What was Simpson's pen-name?
What size is the most durable from the point of designed insertion lifetime?
Who did Victoria appoint to replace Gladstone?
What percentage of the Florida population in 2010 was Hispanic
What was Noriega's government accused of being?
How many Canadian Forces bases are there in Canada?
In what type of climate do hunter-gatherers live?
"IBM employees created a magazine in 1935, what was its name?"
What was the name of the area north of New Haven changed to in 1678?
What state uses as a motto a passage from the Bible?
What language forms a dialect continuum with Czech?
CBC was eclusive carrier of what other sport during the 2004-2005 season?
What jurisdictions does this system not apply to?
which party dominates most of the rest of florida
Who are the most well-known wrestling bears?
Who was the Chinese ambassador to the U.K.?
In what year did the New Zealand governor-general last personally grant the royal assent in parliament?
"Along with art, how was religious instruction commonly received in the late 6th century?"
What is Kerry's 2nd wife's nationality?
When did the second ruler of North Korea pass away?
What is the average thickness of an Antartican glacier?
Where was the solitary place the relay was held in Africa?
Who wrote Gulzar-e-Mahlaqa?
What caused Latin America's right-wing authorities to support coup o'etats?
In what month of the year does Richmond's chilliest weather typically end?
What is found at Room 128a of the Victoria & Albert Museum?
Who led the Allied powers?
"By the 1830's, how much of all cotton was processed in Lancashire?"
What was the 'Treatise on the Police' called in French?
What is the capital city of the US?
In what year did the Ottomans destroy Limassol?
What kind of memory skills do dogs have?
What were the number of French killed and wounded?
Who claimed the San Diego Bay area for Spain in 1542?
Who still gives salmon to the abbey today?
What is the oxidation state for zinc?
How much revenue did iPod sales account for in Q4 2008?
What sort of people did the Bonus March consist of?
How many people attended Broadway shows during the 2013-2014 season?
"Along with Egyptians, Algerians and Somalis, what people commonly possess the M1 haplogroup?"
Where was the street named after Tito that was found unconstitutional located?
On a state level the city is part of which district number?
What was the result of the economic transition after the German reunification in 1990?
In what city was the first Presbytery formed?
Who was the London Weekend Television's managing director?
Northern Greece gets how many visitors?
How many singers are typically in the choirs?
What measurement is deemed most important to redefine in terms of physical constants?
In what year did Garfield's go bankrupt?
What month did France sue for peace?
What purpose did Eton Dorney have to the London Olympic games?
Baptist churches are widely considered to be what?
What could you also call Rome's Campus Maritus?
Where did the Taliban regroup in 2002?
What does the word Pella mean?
"When did Madonna open her own entertainment company, Maverick?"
What was Raytheon previously called?
I couldn't could up with another question. But i need to fill this space because I can't submit the hit.
On which anniversary of his Humanae Vitae did Paul VI reconfirm the beliefs set forth by the Humanae Vitae?
What type of supporters did Barcelona  attract?
What comprehensive school was established in Anglesey?
What prevented Armenia from getting it's commodities?
When was the Buddhagohosa written?
What was the estimated population of the whooping crane in 1941?
"Which word in the phrase ""het jaar des Heren"" is a weak noun with a genitive ending added?"
Which work by Henry Timberlake made the current spelling of Tennessee widely popular?
who was a professor of the University of Washington?
What was his punishment?
"In terms of the Communist Party of China, what is ""The East is Red?"""
How much alcohol was contained in the beer Sink The Bismarck?
What investment firm does Schwarzenegger maintain partial ownership of?
What was the first object to enter space?
What notable Swiss invention won the nobel prize?
What is a good reason to have testers and developers separate?
What other denominations are there in Raleigh?
Who first reduced the power of the municipalities of Mexico City?
From where did this school of thought emerge?
IASP's definition of pain includes what aspect as an essential part?
What does the USB Battery Charging Specification Revision 1.2 make clear of?
Which tribe resisted fiercely this conquest?
When did Chopin return to Paris?
Who wrote 'War and Peace'?
Many scholars confuse identity as a category of practice and what other category?
What day was the city of Seoul captured?
What did the Fliegerkorps X concentrate on?
When was his sister Ancilla diagnosed with stomach cancer?
What type of classification system for humans did A.W.F. Edwards argue for?
Which past U.S. senator had lived in New Haven and graduated from Yale?
What agreements were made in the visit to the United States by the Burmese in the 21 century ?
Houuricanes and tropical stors can produce what across the coastal plain?
What time period is referred to as The Late Enlightenment?
What caused the Romans early withdrawl in The First Samnite War?
What did the political system eventually evolve into?
"What animal was found dead at the Highway in Wapping, near the Tower Bridge?"
What makes it difficult to determine if someone is homosexual or not?
What pressure influenced the shift in South Africa from the use of European Dutch in the 1920s?
"Did those in attendance at Dean's speech know about the ""Dean Scream""?"
What magazine revealed the details of Schwarzenegger's childhood punishments in 2004?
Who was the chairman of the Everton FC in 1892?
The Belgian Suite is located at the bottom of which staircase?
What were the Kazakh ASSR and Kirghiz ASSR renamed per the 1936 Soviet Constitution?
How long have bus tours been available to tourist of Myanmar ?
What percent of polychaetes produce yolk-rich eggs?
Name some important commodities that originated in Southeast asian region?
Who abolished slavery in Portugal?
What are some international cuisines offered in Mexico City?
What do the Lords Commissioners wear to a ceremony of assent?
What was one example of what users did to combat the blinking problem?
What year was the first HD video conferencing system displayed?
How many miles away from London is Plymouth?
What is the name of the small Christian college in Guam?
In what year had the Passion of Christ murals by Rothko end up ruined?
Many FDS disks lack what?
When did scientists began to arrive en masse to study the geology and ecology of the Alpine region?
Due to what concerns is diesel fuel no longer used as a release agent for transporting asphalt?
Which shock jock urged people to vote for Sanjaya?
What location has a few public wifi spots available to the public?
When did a mutiny form against Patasse?
Who said that Kanye West effectively led a new wave of artists that weren't only interested in rapping about gunplay or drug dealing?
What are the two most common types of transistor?
"Beside rare types of meteorites, what other types of meteorites have been found in Antarctica?"
What produced a parallel revolution in political thought?
What did David Atherton co-found?
In what year did Pfizer's patent over Lipitor expire?
At most there are how many step of predator-prey interaction?
About how many people live in a square kilometer in Gonggabu VDC?
What notable defeat was suffered by the Arabs under Hisham?
what sometimes prefers a more lenient position on Dietray laws?
What is the specific moral code for monks and nuns?
What is often regarded as the most famous mountain in Switzerland?
"Often, how large a part of the structure of a gene is the protein coding sequence?"
When was the concept of 'education through recreation' changed and expanded?
Who felt persecuted due to the apartheid?
What was the general population's common language ?
How did the FBI respond to requests to release information beyond the initial press release?
What particular sect is a patron of this belief ?
Israel views East Jerusalem as what?
"Who invaded the countries of Lithuania, Estonia and Latvia?"
When was Jiang Hua's term?
How many native German speakers in the world are there?
In what year was the crystalline silicon solar cell constructed?
Which artist created the first known portrait of Frédéric?
Which former colonies still have tight monopolies on cotton brokering?
When did the Kamakura Bakufu Shogunate open?
Which group do marsupials and placentals belong to?
Which indigenous group is controversially known for hunting caribou on protected land?
What did the OMB vote to allow on the 2000 census?
According to the INSEE what is Paris Urban Area population?
Who is Eiji Yoshikawa?
What is U+UFFE the result of?
On what date was the DualShock three released in Australia?
What was Clifford Roberts by profession?
Where is the setting for To Kill a Mockingbird?
Along what area has there been more collapsing ice shelves?
When did Obama launch airstrikes on ISIS?
What organization did the new county council share governance of Southampton with?
What goes through a fermentation process to create tongba?
What airport is south of Valencia?
Which year did she adopt the name Esther?
What did the Greeks wants to be imparted to their descendants ?
What is notable about the Notre Dame marching band?
Has a Welsh team ever won a competition?
What was the name of a new sector of the New York economy that appeared in the 1990s?
What were the favorite forms of entertainment in Southeast Asia?
Where can you find soluble hydrogen?
When did the U.S. Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission report its findings?
What was IBM's PC DOS marketed as by Microsoft?
The Japanese puppet state that occupied Zhejiang was called what?
What is the name of the most widely used enrichment process?
Who tells us that the Sclaveni had swamps and forests for their cities?
When did he win Ottoman confidence?
How many bloody noses did Spielberg get in High School?
Who assigned the First Battalion of Chihuahua for integration into the army?
Where was the band Talking Heads based out of?
Why are many BYU athletes older than other schools' players?
MES-1 uses what scripts only?
"Which Scottish theologian is first credited with using the phrase ""rule of law""?"
In what year did The Times change its broadsheet format to a compact size?
The first American to travel into space was whom?
How many years does a president have in office in St. Barts?
What is the second principle of Protestantism?
WHat is the earliest surviving use of the clan name of the polish knights?
What are morphemes?
Was every resident listed by name?
What organization sought to strip Washington University of its tax-exempt status in the 1940's?
What ended up not being supported in the GameCube version of Twilight Princess?
What was the Western Electric System believed to do?
What does BOM stand for?
Who copied Charles Todd's Monopoly board?
Hoe often do hurricanes hit North Carolina?
In what state is the Earth's outer core?
What was the title of Gertrude Stein's 1906-1908 book?
At what time on Earth did Armstrong first step onto the Moon?
What is a QCD?
Schwarzenegger became a millionaire by what age?
What type of lifestyle was prevalent in Siberia until the European Age of Discovery?
Where did the Normans go off to instead of publishing the book?
What is are kind of nuclear force is not time-reversibile?
"In what film did a parody of the ""Win one for the Gipper"" speech appear?"
What was the first feature film to receive funding  from Eurimages?
Who developed the 33 1/3 rpm LP?
What do Namibian's use as a toilet?
By how much in percent has the population of Detroit declined since 1950?
What subjects did Ibn Sina mainly write about?
"What percentage did the unemployment rate reach in December, 2009?"
What year did The Times change its name from The Daily Universal Register?
What is the largest European ancestry?
Who was the pope who headed the Ecumencial Council of Trent in that year?
How is public notice given regarding a listing?
What genre of music does Uffie perform?
In what century did Christian thought begin to be influenced by the scholasticism of Aristotle?
What style of architecture did Gothic architecture evolve from?
The 360 earned 38 nominations and 12 wins from what organization in 2007?
Who adopted the Total Force Policy?
On estimate how many megatonnes of pesticides were used between 2006 and 2007?
What is another name for roche moutonnee?
Where did Northwestern University opened an additional campus at in 2008?
Who adopted this practice from Multics?
In what year did the Church of Cyprus organize a referendum?
Where did the two authors work together as paleontologist?
When did the United States Patent and Trademark Office grant Foster's patent?
Cultural life in Utrecht is second to
What new military academy was formed in June 1914?
What is the condition that happens in winter in Namibia?
What was the fertility rate of women in 2012?
In what year did apple release the special U2 model of the iPod?
What position did J. H. Thomas hold?
The water pump supplied water pressure to a plunger located where?
Which BYU building is one of the most attended art museus in the Mountain West?
What year was it incorporated?
How many modern Portugese words have Arabic origins?
Where is Space Center Houston?
What latitudes does Iran lie between?
"In 1200, what area did the houses of Savoy, Zahringer, Habsburg, and Kyburg comprise?"
Besides salt what other major natural resources does Mali produce?
How far does the Alps range stretch?
Who hosted the party whre Chopin met George Sand?
What two centres of Mamluk power was the country located?
What happened to many of the larger suburban mansions from the boom era?
What the did Accurate News and Information Bill hope to accomplish?
What are the titles of the standard media apps on current Apple devices?
What two religions were most common?
Some airfield runways were painted green during what war?
Who do the mosaics at the the basilica of San Lorenzo depict as being abducted?
Who's responsibility was it to edit the standard for Layer I?
Which South American country was included among the seven promoted countries?
What are KUOW and KPLU radio stations?
Were Aborigines allowed to vote?
Who were the likely heirs?
What part of the city remains open
"What processed meat, featured in WEEI-FM's ad slogan, rhymes with Joni?"
What is stare decisis?
What international exercises does the RCN partake in?
Who advanced Greek Science?
What unit was used in the DIN to express speeds?
"Who was the author of the book, The Yong Mans Gleanings?"
What is the mean yearly temperature in Hyderabad in Celsius?
Which production company engineered the EditDroid machines in the 1980s?
What was under development in both the Soviet Union and Britain in the 1930s?
Where was the torch event held in Vietnam?
What is royal assent called in Belgium?
"As of 2013, how many people worked for a securities business in New York?"
What kind of building materials do they use?
"Along with hospitals, medical centers and biotechnology industries, what is notably present in the Civic Center?"
What was the main reason Sanjaya garnered such attention?
Who came in fourth in the 2013 Open World Taekwondo Challenge Cup?
What part of the freeway system is Beltway 8?
What kinds of fish are abundent in the British Isles?
What scheduled bearer of the torch boycotted?
"Who helped write the song ""No Boundaries""?"
What meeting did Napoleon and Czar Alexander participate in in 1808?
Where did Queen receive the inaugural VH1 Rock Honors?
Which ideas do scientist lean towards causing sexual orientation?
In which region of the state did culture develop?
The Medieval period begins with the fall of what city?
What subject did Kanye's mother teach at her university?
UHI is an abbreviation of what?
How much of the Bronx is white (including Hispanic) as of 2009?
What became more common during the Baroque era?
How far was the relay route in kilometers in the Middle East?
What type of law handled IP rights before 1994 in TRIP signatories?
What is the population growth rate of Somerset county
What did Victoria believe that an official proclamation transferring control from the company to the monarchy would do?
What is the average day temperature on the coast in June and September?
What major nationalist movement has Nigeria had?
The hierarchical position of treaties relative to domestic legislation in Brazil determines whether the latter can do what to the former and vice versa?
What was the study called?
What did the United States place on Japans war efforts?
Who invented the beer pump in England?
Submarines and naval aircraft damaged what primarily?
The time span that is counted as the classical for the Greeks is from eras ?
With whom did Tito sign an agreement on September 28 1944?
What publications are put out by the UCC?
Rotation matrix groups are utilized in computer graphics with what concept?
"Nowadays, only the short title and what else are read?"
When was reinvent the toilet launched
Where is the Gold State Coach housed?
Who was nominated for President during the 1964 Democratic National Convention?
What was the abbey's annual income as of 2016?
How many colleges make up BYU at its main campus?
With which organization did Li file a civil rights complaint?
Ethnic minorities such as Azerbaijanis make up what percentage of Iran's population?
Who initially lit the Olympic Torch?
In what year were the prince electors elect them selves as King?
How much of DEI's energy output is from natural gas?
What foundation had already begun relief work in the area?
What did the 19th century produce in Catalan literature?
What year did Walker retire?
Who defeated Philip?
Where was Moura Photovoltaic Power Station located?
What type of religious educaton did Tito attend as a child?
Eisenhower met Tito where in 1960?
Boston police and local groups make an effort toprevent youth from doing what?
How can migrating birds lose their way?
What is a major implication of the Erie doctrine?
Which short narrative poem was attributed to Virgil as early as the 1st century AD?
What conditions effect the mixture of carbonate and sulfate in copper?
What was Immanuel Nobel son's name?
Which tribe named the settlement as kaw-goosh-kaw-nick?
How many MRAP vehicles has the Pentagon bought since 2007?
What version of firmware update gave the PlayStation 3 its 3D capability?
What kind of passive construction does Czech have?
"Who hit a three run walk off homer off of closer Tom ""Flash"" Gordon?"
What is the death rate among chickens who are intensivley breed to be broilers?
How did Gaddafi manage to attend elementary school so far from home?
Which wards elect city council members in the alternate year from the mayor?
How was Seattle ranked on literacy in 2005-2006?
What work did Hayek begin in 1923?
"Along with slangs, patois and pidgins, what is another type of smiilar speech variety?"
For how many years did the Warsaw Pact formally exist?
What epic poems are written in post-Vedic Sanskrit?
What is the name of the prayer that is listed in the Qua-ran  is used to enact a safeguard on kids from the  the devil ?
Are squabs treated differently from other piegons by humans aside from consumption?
What is the initial phantom body pain sensation experienced by people with spinal cord damage?
Who benefited from secondary schools?
In which year did England win the FIFA World Cup for the first and only time?
"Stringed instruments during the Renaissance included the viol, the lyre, the cittern, the lute and what other instrument?"
What happened with people with Shigella were treated with anti-diarrheal medication?
What exists between the alleged color-blindness of most whites and the persistence of a system of inequality?
What is the depth of the Niger Delta Nembe Creek Oil field?
What does the term gemmule describe?
How many years is the deal with Legendary Pictures intended to run?
Plato's philosophy attempted to explain life from what standpoint?
Which structure was the first used for the purposes of the college?
When did aircraft carriers begin being know as the capital ship of the fleet?
What are the other modern and hunting types of dogs called?
Where will the counterweight be found?
What type of topic is physical pain important in relation to many issues?
Due to the replanting of trees the center of the city is called what?
What legal case sought to compel the Environmental Protection Agency to regular greenhouse gases?
Whose conceptions of separation have long been argued over?
"If a species may be harmed, who holds final say on whether the project may proceed?"
What is the name of the most inexpensive Mac offered?
What was the Ottoman Empire's struggle against in the Crimean War?
A memorial service for the nine victims was held on which college's campus?
Who edited the Polish National Edition?
Which port is Australia's largest container and general cargo port?
At what age did Von Neumann begin to study advance calculus?
How many millions of dollars did ''The Pink Panther'' gross world-wide?
What is the largest opposition party in the Scottish Parliament?
Where were the Jews confined prior to being transported to Auschwitz?
"Along with manors, where did peasants in the High Middle Ages often live?"
"Due to the presence of coral reefs, what activities are popular in Biscayne Bay?"
What is the ECOS within the Swazi education system?
what was the 1989 hit theme released by KMS?
Who provided the majority of funds for his concert tour in London?
What happened after they decided agasint shifting?
Aside from biofuels what other renewable energy activities is Shell involved with?
What civilian group in Greece fought against Nazi occupation?
Bern is the capitol of which canton?
How many blocks west of Second Avenue does E 122nd Street run?
What did Isaac Asimov consider heresy as?
"IBM has worked with architects and designers such as Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, I.M. Pei, and Van der Rohe, name one  more."
IBM expanded their nondiscrimination policy in 1984 to include what?
When was the Armenian military created?
How do supernatural entities act?
How many ancient canons exist in the Eastern Church?
The type of videographic recording medium used and the image's characteristics determine what?
What dictates that a receipt for expenditures of all public money must be published?
What does 基督徒 (pinyin: jīdū tú) mean?
What year did the Union Castle shipping line slowly start to reduce their service calls to the island?
Which non-profit non-governmental organization is located in Ann Arbor?
What is the point of near field communications?
What did changing the status of the abbey create?
What do lice require human clothing to do?
"Along with the 88, what other AAA battalion gun made a good anti-tank weapon?"
What was the movement called also known as execution of laws?
In what nation's pubs is food often served?
What do the Italian Swiss call Switzerland?
What priesthood rules do Protestant churches reject?
What do the katharos vase and vine refer to?
What year did oil price spikes in Iran lead to inflation?
The United Nations Organization and UNICEF felt the relay could be used as what?
"According to Hayek, what is necessary for the implementation of a socialist economy?"
In what city and state did the 1993 All-Star Game occur?
What was the name of the company that held the patents from Edison's research?
"When did many of the ideas associated with the term ""race"" arise?"
What library was Pres. Bateman responsible for expanding?
Madonna brought which type of music to mainstream with Ray of Light?
During which dynasty was the term Xizang first used?
Wat was the purpose of the Patriarch when they were sent north?
What year did the Neuropsychopharmacology journal publist a study about the effect on the brain of beers flavor?
Who is the only reigning Monarch to have visited the island?
Paganism was forbidden by what Roman Emperor?
What is the capacity of long term memory?
What is one popular wrestling film?
What should MPI characterization of a person be combined with for deriving the most useful case descriptions?
Who opened some of the first department stores in the Philippines?
What king united the tribes in the 9th century?
Which Chinese admiral was related to the development of Islam in Indonesia & Malaya?
Why did P. Christiaan Klieger believe that the Ming court supported high Tibetan lamas?
What are the most visible predators of insects?
What did Forbes call Miami in 2008?
One exception that is not high speed high rise and large capacity is what?
Lester Brown states that the market does not incorporate what?
Who was a notable chief of the Miami police?
What is the estimated number of mobile subscribers in Somalia in 2015?
How many congregations did the Jehovah's Witnesses have in 2015?
Which company is responsible for the HD version of Twilight Princess?
What is the population of New Delhi?
What is the title of Airbourne's debut lp?
Where are the majority of the U.S.'s crimes prosecuted?
The London Natural History Society has document how many species of butterfly?
AME Zion Churches were first established in what part of America?
Where would one find a collection of historical medical equipment?
What plumbing component was once made out of elm?
What was the profession of George Marshall?
What was Menander I refered to by in Buddhist texts?
Which lobes of the lungs are more often affected by TB?
What type of degree was given out at a English university?
What is another benefit of measuring sexuality on two scaless verses just the Kinsey scale?
The torch route covered six what?
"What type of musicians were artists such as Diana Ross, James Taylor, Carly Simon, Carole King and Janis Ian?"
Who was an ancestor of the First Families of Virginia?
Regulations were proposed by Obama in January 2010 to limit the ability of banks to engage in which type trading?
When was Gelug was given the right to conduct the New Years prayer?
An unauthorized user with physical access to a computer can likely do what?
Which individual held the responsibility to oversee the interactions of the empire's nobles with the court?
Whose work did the theory of Stanley Schachter build on?
How many passenger trips were made by tram in Melbourne between 2013-2014?
"Identity diffusion, foreclosure, and crisis are categories of what?"
What did the rebellion to the new football measures start?
On what street was the Grecian Saloon located?
Who was the first person to carry the torch in Macao?
The newer constitution divide power among what branches of government?
What is the study of heresy?
What was on HD1 for 4 or 5 hours per day?
What was the name of the database product created by IBM?
France had to consent to pay how much in war indemnity?
How did The Sun describe John Major's Conservatives?
How many soldiers defended Torii's last stand?
What group was established in 1921 in response to the clash between socialism and consumerism?
What did the 1912 exhiibtion of Cubism show?
Where were the computations for hydrogen bomb worked out?
Who did a study in 2007 regarding the five countries with the highest rates of software piracy?
What was created in 2001 to give students comic scholarships?
What is the treatment of choice for diarrhea?
What was Comcast's lobbying budget in 2013?
Whatyear did Victoria marry Prince Albert?
"What word means ""to avert?"""
Who founded algebraic topology?
How many 400+ foot skyscrapers have been built or are in the process of being built in Miami since 2001?
In what region does Estonia hold one of the highest per capita income levels?
Who was the architect that design the New Haven Free Public Library?
How do Emus migrate long distances during droughts?
Who performed at the New Palace Theatre in the 1930s?
Who made the move to standardize recordings?
What did most of Gondwana become when the polar ice melted?
What were revised between 1951 and 1955?
When did the Rhine Rift earthquake occur?
What age ran from 1700 to 1200 BCE?
Who was recalled?
What is the simplest case of an ISP using an upstream ISP?
During what year did Ashkenazi Jews account for 92 percent of Jews worldwide?
What did constitutional changes in 2007 prohibit?
When was the phonome's modern concept developed?
What is the name of the american Poet who is associated with talking about the rigiorous architecture of Cubism?
What was the population of Greater New Haven in 2010?
About how much had the death rate from TB been reduced in Europe by the midpoint of the 20th century?
An inclined plane with a conveyor belt describes what type of elevator?
How many votes were cast for contestants in the first season?
Which group did Presbyterian churches union with?
What man-made body of water was designed in part by George Washington?
What may guarantee the self-governing status of the competent states?
How did post-punk artists once again approach the studio?
What is the name of the Midrash compilation?
The writers Jonassohn and Bjornson cite various reasons for the lack of widespread support of what?
How many of the former republics had representatives sign the Protocol?
Which city in North America held the most slaves in the 1700s?
What non-profit cardiovascular educational association is headquartered in Hyderabad?
How is Puerto Rico designated in its constitution?
What race was Beyonce's father?
What company was dissolved after the Indian Rebellion?
When did Japan finish invading Korea?
What units are the bulb sizes measured in?
What is a sounds commonly heard when listening to a vinyl that is unintentional.
When did ducks begin to appear in the books of Western Europeon Society ?
What actions of the Soviet Union did The United States oppose?
Where are the peaks smaller in the range?
Where was the Royal Institute's Drawing and Archives Collections located originally?
"What is Napoleon's legal achievement, still reaching a quarter of the world's legal systems?"
Ranthamb National Park is known by photographers as what?
Who was Kerry's paternal grandmother?
What was the time period of Frankish rule?
What brought communism?
When was the doctrine of Erie Railroad Co. v. Tompkins put into effect?
"when was jesse saunders' ""on and on"" a hit?"
When did Coca-Cola stop being a sponsor of American Idol?
Who was the first ambassador to South Vietnam?
What does the Shimonoseki Strait divide?
Tanasi is know to have been located and mapped by British traders by which year?
What did the integrated system for ADGB link?
How old was Roncalli when elected pope?
Despite all the propaganda that ws presented to the East Prussians what did German populations want within the country?
Why is it so difficult to locate bugs in software?
When will income tax be introduced on Norfolk Island?
What school of Yale is located nearest the intersection of Prospect and Sachem streets?
"What was severed in 1942, leaving Switzerland completely surrounded by the Axis?"
What was the nationality of Estêvão Gomes?
How did Ibn Sina escape from Hamadan?
When did Coca-Cola stop being a sponsor of American Idol?
What are urs?
What animal declined across Botswana?
Were young apprentices hired for pay?
Why did the X Corps leave Hungnam?
What was required of a LaserDisc to continue playback after 60 minutes?
What is the number 4 leading cause of death in the world?
Who was believed to have prevented this from occurring to Mary ?
What did the strongest aftershock measure?
Who warned of impending Israeli attack on Syria in May 1967?
What text did Burnet base his work off of?
When were the worms found?
"What does the Catholic church considered ""mixed"" in a ""mixed marriage""?"
Name the four opponents of Prussia.
Who won the 2010 Betty Trask Prize?
Who forced William the Lion to swear fealty to him?
What countries is trophy hunting frowned upon?
What is the official name for the Minister in charge of tourism on Norfolk Island?
What is the average temperature of the Baltic Islands?
Birds preen often with the application of secretions from which gland?
In what city and state did the arena football test game take place?
How much larger is a dog's olfactory cortex than a person's?
What do many people fear pain treatment will lead to?
What positive effects does a slower-evaporating filament enable?
"In which era, did the first phylum of multicellular organisms appear?"
"What did the schools elect to contribute money towards, in light of their allegations?"
What excuse did Kolingba use to deny the election results?
What is it called when a person's vocal cords stay open after a consonant?
What is the oldest part of the city?
Right now what percentage of children are employed in the US?
What ethnice groups did the Qing thin made up China?
how many raised on orthodox Jewish homes abandon orthodox Judaism typically?
Where did Sir Henry Norman travel in 1894
What is the cost of R/O produced water?
How many USAF personnel did the reduction end in during 2008?
"At that time, who helped develop materialism?"
"As one of the financial powers, has Germany ever tried to force the crisis states into leaving the eurozone?"
When was Zhejiang part of the Wu?
What percentage of out-of-state tourists stayed in Tennessee for four or more nights?
What French official was kept in the dark about le Secret du roi?
"What happens if a Cardinal is named in pectore, and the pope dies?"
What condition did Frédéric describe the piano that arrived to him through many dangerous obstacles?
Chapultepec Castle is located where?
How many seasons did the first television rights contract award to Sky?
What do many scholars regard the Late Middle Ages as the beginning of?
Who decided that chemistry and alchemy were different?
How many PCs was Dell's Indian plant slated to make in 2007?
"St. George's Town, St. George's Island and St. George's Parish are all referred to as what?"
What Toronto building was built in 1817?
Who was the Greek king immortalized in Buddhist canon?
Who was the first President of Guinea-Bissau?
What was the world's first artificial nuclear reactor?
How many private schools are in the Francophone public school district?
How old was Beyonce when she went to her first Michael Jackson concert as a kid?
What was the 1993 PowerBook 165c Apple's first portable computer to feature?
What good fortune from Russia assisted Frederick the Great?
What's the approximate number of students in Germany who are enrolled in a university of technology?
When were intergender singles bouts fought on a national scale?
What year did Victoria fall down the stairs at Windsor?
How many basic emotions did Ekman recognize?
Who was modern Greece's first president?
Which BYU building features films in several languages?
When did Jenny Lind visit Chopin?
How does long term memory encode information?
What did the potato blight cause Victoria to be called?
What decision allowed Gaddafi to move Libya closer to socialism?
In the 1970 s what developer built high rises in downtown Houston?
What is name of one of the compositions composed by Athanasius while he lived as a monk?
In 310 Agathocles invaded Tunisia and defeated what army?
What was the population of San Diego at the time of the 2010 census?
Chopin's birth is recorded as when?
When did Methodist and Baptist preachers oppose slavery and urge manumission?
The Germans recorded how many causualties in the battle?
IBM has towers in which cities?
How long is the pipeline from the Nagarjuna Sagar Dam which the HMWSSB operates?
What was Issac Backus' profession?
What party has won every election in Namibia?
What was the reason behind demolishing the city walls?
What type of sports are popular in Brasilia?
What is included in the list of organizations allowed to use .org?
How much does a safari hunter spend compared to an average ecotourist?
What year was the ADGB created?
"Other than CD parameters, what else can be used as parameter references?"
What process can sometimes seem arbitrary today?
Who wrote that it was not suprising that the blame for 9/11 was trying to be blamed on a masonic world order?
What was something used to minimize the impact of the soverign-debt crisis?
Where did Cabrillo leave from to embark on his journey to the West Coast?
What is more significant than isotropic gas pressure past the Karman line?
What did the agency propose to find Southwest Airlines?
What era did this discrimination take place?
Who did the Chinese lose territory to in exchange for help?
When was the activity of desktop publishing first used?
When was the Promenade des Berges de la Seine inaugurated?
Turkish cuisine originates from what source?
Which RAF technical advisor was the conversation passed onto?
Did the FBI keep files on Elvis Presley?
What loses signal strength?
In what former industrial facility is the Richmond National Battlefield Park Visitors Center located?
What year did the Mayflower set sail from Southampton?
When did cooperation between communist and nationalist forces end?
"Other than industrial chemicals, what other industry discharges chemicals that can contaminate the environment?"
How many HD channels did the Freeview HD service contain as of December 2013?
What disease was said to possibly be the result of diets that are high in meat and dairy products?
How much of their body weight do honey buzzards lose during migration?
What is the third largest ethnic group in Kathmandu?
Who is the Anglican Bishop of Swaziland?
What are the symbols used for deuterium and tritium?
Who hired Byzantine experts to decorate a rebuilt abbey church?
Who married Sacagewea?
Who created the crystalline silicon solar cell?
How much was the total investment in renewable energy in 2012?
About how many cultural and artistic organizations are in New York City?
What is the most popular sport in Portugal?
Which artist guested on a live version of Queen's The Show Must Go On?
marshall jefferson got involved in house music after hearing whose music?
What trend led to the decrease of Estonia's GDP?
Which architects in the US and Britain still employ the Georgian style for private residences?
Who was responsible for crafting a new look for all Apple products?
What was the last international competition Egypt hosted?
Does the Government of Ireland use the British Isle term?
What type of music do Foo Fighters and Harvey Danger perform?
"Instead of having an enduring essence, what does Whitehead believe?"
How many total games does each club in the Premier League play per season?
What traditions did the seasonal festivals incorporate?
Who was Maria's mother?
What is the name given to the Annunciation in the 1662 Book of Common Prayer?
Which publication was associated with the soundtrack release?
In what century did the Gothic style first flourish?
What do Torrent files NOT contain?
Gray color is often called what when referring to dogs?
"Rousseau argued for a society based on what, rather than faith?"
What acted as a physical obstacle to anti-aircraft defence?
What priesthood was reserved solely for women?
Western political philosophy originates in what philosophy?
What was the nationality of Matsushita Electric?
How long was the doctrines of Galen in use for?
What other famous movie did Cacoyannis direct?
Edwin Hubble's discovery about galaxies allowed for which theory by Georges Lemaitre?
What is the second most common minority group in Nanjing?
What work did the Bishop suggest for Athanasius?
Was the third volume of the first edition deemed sufficient?
In 1806 who did Gorkas defeat with the help of provincial chiefs?
What bacteria was observed as before prokaryotic cytoskeleton was discovered?
Where is the annual Boston Arts festival?
Who played Severine in the previous Bond film?
"What was the popularity of The Capital Theater, in the past?"
The theory states that at the center of humans beings is what?
What type of occupation were Neolithic people considered to be proficient at?
What was Ibn al-Haytham's nickname?
What is one non chemical way of dealing with pests?
When does open season for grouse begin in the UK?
In what year did Jedlik begin experimenting with electromagnetism?
Chromosomes that are packed within the nucleus in complex with histones are called what?
What political ideology did Gaddafi want to push his country to?
What's the only monocentric city on the South Coast larger than Southampton?
To what did the edict of 304 admonish Christians to sacrifice?
Where did the Japanese rush reinforcments to on the western side of Leyte?
"According to al-Umari, how many cavalry did the Sultanate of Ifat have?"
What is SASO causing discussion and debate about?
What did James believe emotion was synonymous with?
How many component of education did Ibn Sina describe in their teachings?
Who is the representative for Seattle's district?
During what eras was the Antarctic Peninsula formed?
Name three early Protestant reformers.
Where was there a minute of silence during the relay?
What year did Olympic Air receive an award as Top Domestic Airline?
The Franchthi cave has evidence of what 3 ancient eras?
What name was Palermo originally founded as?
How long did it take to shoot Spectre?
What is a Greek royal palace called?
"Who did she wish to see on her deathbed, making it her last request?"
Who wrote polemics regarding Roman Catholic beliefs about Mary?
Who sponsored the tests that show that all papers are subject to acid decay?
Who accompanied John?
What musician collaborated with Kanye West for his album Late Registration?
What was a consequence of the large loan defaults and MBS losses in 2007?
Solar water disinfection is recommended by which organization?
When did the Rubella vaccine come out?
What is bird migration?
What was one name of a power that the szlachta was dependent on.
Where did students after the scientific revolution put science on the scale of importance?
Who was the founder of the Republic of Turkey?
what caused the Dutch to expand thier spice trade in the malaccan straits?
John did not regard the loss of Duchy as a permanent shift in what?
When did King Philip the II annex Thessaly and Magnesia?
What kind of ants are symbolic among the Australian Aborigines?
What season is red identified with in China?
Which movie was a modern version of Thunderball?
When did the Deutsche Bank publish a report on the findings of the value of the reserves south of Crete?
What is the formal name of Westminster Abbey?
When was the Cork County Cricket Club established?
Who founded a shopping mall reserved for the most elites of society?
What form was the evidence of ancient cultures discovered in ?
What is the usual condition of precipitation in the Antarctic?
What do fungi and fruit flies seem to lack?
Who threatened the authority of Japan's central government?
The second test game was played in what arena?
What warring ritual did Barbara A. West say the indigenous Samoans engaged in?
What type of birds have specially adapted brushy tongues?
When did the role of dogs change to be more than guardians or walking companions?
When was it announced that Libya would be independent?
Who has Britain’s Foreign and Commonwealth Office been accused of lying to about child abuse?
Iran's landscape is dominated by what geographical feature?
What is the major economic activity near Antarctica?
When did the Soviets leave Afghanistan?
What was the islands codename during World War II?
"How many Euros was Greece able to ""hide"" because of an arrangement with Goldman Sachs?"
Why is this a bad practice?
"who released the track ""little fluffy clouds""?"
How many prisoners did Tennessee execute between 1916 and 1960?
Investment in what greatly accelerated the outward suburban sprawn and declining inner city population?
Kathmandu valley is home to about how many Baha'i?
In what year was the northern area of New Haven renamed Hamden?
"When the Cubs started playing, who was their owner?"
Pomors are distinguished by the presence of what?
What characteristic of Middle Iranian civilization is shown by the number of different languages and their speakers?
Roughly how many passengers travel daily on London's cable car?
What is the first song released by Jordin Sparks after winning American Idol?
What type of diversity arrives uninvited?
Which copper salt can produce green glames?
What city is Dell's Minnesota facility in?
What were the stylistic elements of the parade imported with in colonial times?
The ethnic cleansing perpetrated by the Serbs against Bosnia-Herzegovina was conducted with what ultimate goal in mind?
What are the greatest influences to Bermudian culture?
Who promoted strict immersion baptism?
What was the name of the 2009 case in which the U.S. Supreme Court awarded relief to New Haven firefighters against the city of New Haven?
"On what tour did Kanye perform ""Hey Mama"" and his version of Journey's ""Don't Stop Believing"" in memory of his mother?"
Members of what species populated parts of Africa in a relatively short time?
What was Cyprus' total population when it gained independence?
The established Presbyterian church in New Mexico provided an alternative to which religion?
What was the name of Throbbing Gristle's record label?
"What principle did the restrictions on the right of kings, as detailed in Deuteronomy, influence later opposition?"
Who starred in 'The Color Purple'?
What happened to the Sands Atlantic City a year after it closed?
How many national airlines are there in Mexico?
When are handshake packets generally sent?
When did Viking travelers establish a trading post in Cork?
Albert Magnus studied Dionysus during what historical period?
"Man in Space Soonest was reestablished as what in November 26, 1958?"
What can be used a main source of light for a building during the day?
What type of animal lives inn the higher peaks?
What type of assistance does the postal union provide?
Who promotes the use of racially categorized data in the United States?
Who were the primary inhabitants of Sepphoris in the 3rd through 7th centuries?
In what year was the Arab Revolutionary Front founded?
Who argued that scholars in the Middle Ages were rarely coerced by the Church?
Where is the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception located?
What are some flying animals that Darwin thought might have evolved from bats?
In 1884 about how many bison remained?
"In 2011 rankings, how bad was Nigeria's corruption ranking?"
What are two companies that make iPod accessories?
When did Brazil pass a new Constitution?
Who forbid the use of the word slekta?
What is most impressive about Mount Shishaldin in comparison to Mount Fuji?
What requirements do Microsoft certified devices have?
What political theory did Popper say did not meet his falsifiability criterion?
Why do researchers believe the social event reporting by adolescents (rather than sexual activity) is important?
When did John Calvin die?
What term describes the group of integers related to a prime number?
Which two stars did Beyoncé help with their Haiti Earthquake organization?
Which major opera singers were born in Cork?
What does Sure South Atlantic LTD offer?
What resulted between the Chinese and Japanese after the Coup?
Whose principles did Burke imitate?
How are the politics of Zhejiang structured?
Religious tolerance and the importance of individual conscience was particularly influential in the drafting of which American document?
"The nature of knowledge, evidence, experience, and causation together are called what?"
What unpredictable feature of the world did Popper say refuted historicism?
"In which language does the word for ""green"" also mean ""rank"" and ""smelly""?"
When did Bronck reach the New York area?
When was the first quantized model of the atom introduced?
What was the existing system at the time?
Who were Wang Jiawei and Nyima Gyaincain?
What did renaissance humanism reference?
How many pounds does one of Schwarzenegger's Hummers weigh?
What political group has a disproportionately large number of Protestants?
When did Wenzhou become Zhejiang's second treaty port?
From where did this school of thought emerge?
Who came in second on season six of American Idol?
When did Labour publish a new draft manifesto?
When was a pub documented as existing on the current site of the Nags Head?
The Annual Register covered international events of what type?
What do Somali men wear when they aren't wearing Western clothing?
How important is Jesus' death to modern theology?
Where was war concentrated during the Three Kings Period?
When did the Jefara plain land redistribution end?
Which man's works were mostly the cause of the ''narrow approach''?
What should you check storage spaces in your home for twice-yearly?
Who performed Alice Polka in honor of Princess Alice?
What is a word that can be used to describe the scope of a comprehensive school's intake?
"Along with wedding receptions, when is xalwo often consumed?"
When was Nigeria's third satellite built?
What do Eleonora's falcon feed their young?
"Because of the earthquake, how many people did not have housing?"
What year did the Duke of York die?
Through what period did the symphony not exist?
Why are some Bermudians against the emphasis of West Indies cultural connections?
What number is Bell's patent?
The Kitab al-shifa and The Canon of Medicine are considered what?
In what year was the Catholic-Orthodox joint declaration read?
What major pharmaceutical company is currently operating a drug clinic in New Haven within the new biotechnology corridor?
During what time of the year does California receive the most rainfall?
"Which organization declared the First Year of Studies program at Notre Dame ""outstanding?"""
Which dialect became the norm for the modern Italian language?
What was the name of the specialty comics line created by Clive Barker for Marvel?
If you wanted to somehow clone the original signal you could use?
When was Radio Mogadishu established?
What is a female's major landmark of puberty?
What is known as the 5' end?
What was typically worn after the loss of a loved one in the Roman Republic?
Who is the current manager of the Everton Football Club?
What other language besides French and German are part of the Aslation-French dialect of today?
What are the Neapolitan mandolin made of?
What two formats are typically used to recorde non-cinematic HDTV video intended for broadcast?
"If only the pronunciation differs from the standard language, what term is sometimes used?"
For which console is Twilight Princess HD being made?
What river did the Russians cross to get to Dobruja?
"Who did Norman say ""turned her back""?"
When was Spielberg added to the Science Fiction Hall of Fame?
What does GNIpc stand for?
What is an example of a mutually beneficial process indicating the coevolution of plants and insects?
Who did Frick remove from the police force?
How many slaves were on the island in 1723?
The Commission felt that bundling the browser with Windows computers harmed what?
Why does Catalan share many traits with other Romance languages?
Who directed the movie Stella in 1955?
When did the Iran-Iraq War finally end?
"Other than politics, what areas have a disproportionately large number of Protestants?"
What period started around 472 million years ago?
What makes the Windows 8 interface difficult to use?
When did madaris become more accepted in Mindanao?
How many people can fit in the Theatre Royal?
How many companies are there in the City of Charleston Fire Department?
what is qbuzz
What year did the News and the Observer merge?
Prior to what century had there been little contact between western europe and greek civilization?
What was the name of the treaty which ceded florida to the US
What type of bacteria can cause infectious diseases?
What are prokaryotes?
"In addition to Bachelor's degrees, what other kind of degree can one earn from a Fachhochschule?"
How many square miles in NYC?
What was uplifted from extreme compressive stresses and pressure?
Who was the governor of Arkansas in 1957?
What is there currently confusion over?
Who replaced Stratford Canning after he first resigned as British ambassador to the Ottoman Empire ?
Can a unborn child face issues with stress than can affect their future abilities?
How strong is the rule of law in most Asian countries?
Later edition of texts such as what has the Rupa Jhanas?
What do NPOs in South Africa give to their donors?
Where is a sixth upgrader being built in Alberta?
The solar water heaters introduced in the US in the 1890s saw growth until what time period?
Performers can use their knowledge of what to help interpret a written score?
What type of properties of heartwood and sapwood is often the same even if their colors are very different?
Which countries were taken over by the Soviets?
When did Madonna perform at the Live 8 benefit concert in the UK?
"Before becoming a de facto parliamentary republic, what form of government did Samoa have?"
Some reception statutes impose what?
What does the process of dielectric absorption in a capacitor depend on?
Which team had no losses in 2003-2004 and ended up winning the league?
How many reserve soldiers did North Korea have?
How many years long was a scientific course under Patrick Dillon at Notre Dame?
Who developed the new press type in 1814 for The Times?
"In 2002, where did Bell place in a list of the Greatest Britons?"
What term is used when one branch of government must get approval from at least one other branch of government?
In what year did Eisenhower propose his second civil rights act?
How was Templo Mayor discovered?
How much did Dell pay in fines to settle fraud charges against it?
Which state has more forests than Chihuahua?
What is the name of the Rabbi mentioned in relation to the Genesis Rabbah?
What country did Spain invade?
What offices employ US transportation and Air force bases?
Israel's Supreme Court fulfills what two major functions?
"Do adolescents or children understand puns, proverbs, metaphors, and analogies most effectively?"
How much of the Bronx's population is Hispanic?
What ranking in the world does greater Boston metro hold as far as economy?
What did many historians think of Noah Porter?
What dispatched of The Dutch East India Company and the British East India Company?
What did Burke see as proof of the importance of French royalists?
Who was the biggest artist that CBS had?
Why did they destroy the nuclear reactor?
In what year did Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group announce an agreement?
Who's death was a catalyst for the Civil Rights Movement?
What is another name that Saint Athanasius is know as?
Underground officials were ordered to lock the stations during raids but opened how long after the orders?
In what year did the government close Safdarjung Airport due to security concerns?
"After fighting for weeks, what did the Russians continue to have control over?"
How long has Burma participated in the group ASEAN ?
To whom did Frédéric write letters to during his stay in Szafarnia?
What movement was responsible for the philosophy which led to the revival of Anglo Catholic ideas?
Where did Kerry move after the 1972 election?
What were the BeiDou-1 system satellites based on?
What was the name of the 17 minute film called?
What remained the head of state of the British Empire?
Who started the Hussite movement?
Who was the major opponent to Freemasonry?
When was Harsha crowned by the states he united?
"What were two of Marvel's comic heroes in fantasy, swords and magic settings?"
What is generating high demand for housing in Melbourne?
What is infinite knowledge classified as?
"Who prepared the plan known as ""the Grand Model""?"
Where are most of the low density area of Detroit located?
How long does summer last?
In what year did Chopin become a French citizen?
How much slip does a synchronous motor have?
In what year was the first Arena Football League video game released?
"During the Revolutionary War, which French colony had moved towards political independence?"
What type of conditions are used to increase the weight and profitability of commercial turkeys?
By the 19th century what was common in the Alpine regions?
When did Whitehead go to America?
Growing plants in zinc deficient soil makes them more susceptible to what?
in What year did Quiroga complete his pacification?
Which pole is located in Antarctica?
What do most Valencian people think Valencian is in regards to Catalan?
How pathogenes interact with it's human host?
What can a club do if a player they wish to sign does not meet the Home Office's work permit requirements?
"In addition to the circumstances by which a state party joined a treaty, why might a treaty be invalidated?"
"About how many governments recognized the legitimacy of the NTC at a meeting on July 15, 2011?"
What entity did Nasser spearhead that was a boon for Egypt's economy?
Buddha recommended viewing thing by how many marks of existence?
When did Hack Wilson set a record of 56 home-runs and 190 runs-batted-in?
What is the total force of the Canadian Forces?
"After his move to the Committee of Public Safety, where did Napoleon unsuccessfully attempt to be transferred to?"
What does the acronym RLV stand for?
What was the name of a high profile terrorist group in Egypt in 1990s?
During which years did Nikolai Durkin visit Alaska?
Where does the Prunus spinosa leaf much sooner?
When was the Antikythera mechanism discovered?
When did the Theatre Royal burn?
What does deism believe God's role in the universe is?
In what year were the railings and gates completed?
How does the Faraday constant relate to the Planck constant?
What year did Simon Cowell announce that he was leaving American Idol?
The Longwood medical and Academic Area is affiliated with what medical school?
When did the band The Darkness break up?
What was the era called when scientists were rejecting the notion of objectivity of science?
What identifier did the Nazis make the Freemason prisioners wear?
What percent don't own cars?
What date was Estonia annexed by the Soviets?
Where is the birthplace of Antun Augustincic?
How many species are listed as threatened by BirdLife International and the IUCN?
What types of information are collected in the process?
When did El Salvador adopt the US Dollar as its currency?
What is the inclination of the Compass-M1 satellite?
Which police force in London does not typically engage in police activity with the general public?
What did VLP stand for in English-speaking countries?
The mathematical statement of computers versatility is known as what?
What establishments inspired pubs to set up serving bars?
What is the difference in the Arsenal color of blue in the away kit after 1983?
When did the Second Sino-Japanese War begin?
What makes up cooperative cultural studies?
What have the Swiss been under EU and national pressure to reduce in terms of banking?
What fraction of Michigan's homicides occurred in Detroit?
"Along with titanium, what element often makes up the portion of high-density penetrators not made of depleted uranium?"
Who believed that action needed to be taken to level out the social and economic playing field before natural selection could occur to improve humanity?
How do Oriental Patriarchs sign?
"What is the precedent for the ""Second Hundred Year's War?"
What diminished after 1980?
Which countries did Gorton maintain close relationships with?
What was the average attendance for all Premier League clubs during the 2009-10 season?
What percentage of marine life died during the extinction?
How many hours of sunshine does the South West England region get each year?
What plans became universal inside larger houses?
What animals cause the reddish-brown streaks of color in hickory wood?
What was Kerry's paternal grandmother's career?
What happens whe not as many repo notes are coming due?
What is a fish whose genome has been sequenced?
Which former president was by far the most senior politician to be accused of genocidal crimes by the ICTY?
"Who was the father of John Manners, Marquess of Granby?"
New Haven served as home to what two notable 19th century architects?
What is air defence called in French?
The structure also reinforced Moltke's ability control large formations spread out over what?
Where is Al-Rashid Islamic Institute?
What was challenged in 2012
How old was Bell when he went to Canada?
How many movie theater companies are there in Montevideo?
In what year was the book humanism published?
Where was this homicide perpetrated?
How do antibiotics work?
How many positions are in the first two columns?
What began at the same time Scholasticism ended?
What office is responsible for the census form changes?
What publication originally reported a potential deal between Comcast and Time Warner?
Which phrase is especially contentious within international humanitarian law?
What was a way in which a free peasant might become an aristocrat?
Thomas J. Watson Sr. was fired from what company?
What is the direction of transformations in energy?
What status did the Marshall Islands have in Germany?
What did agents within the FBI do to investigations of the agency?
What borough is Six Flags Mexico located?
"What is the name of the international law theory, grounded in jurisprudence framed by a sociological normative approach?"
What is the name of the independent school in Plymouth?
The presence of what substance in sea water has resulted in low yields when attempting to extract uranium?
What function did the holes in the top and bottom of the tomb tiles enable them to do?
What do NPOs that center around community usually focus on?
What percentage of the economy is Greece's service sector?
How many total trophies did  Barcelona's Super Cup win produce?
Who thought that Burke's imitation was too perfect to be effective ridicule?
The Reformed Presbyterian Church in Malawi has a range of members between what amounts?
How is charcoal made?
What does Catalan share with other Romance languages?
Where are the command facilities located?
When did Metrobus begin services?
Who were the victims of industrial accidents?
What is also increased along with the antenna's height?
In what culture of law were Jews and heretics often lumped together?
What is the German basic law?
What papers give the best optical density?
What was Kanye second arrest for?
What behavior did humans rely on to survive before agriculture?
In what year was the first black Baptist minister elected to the city council?
Why does an ISP need to pay an upstream ISP?
How much growth did the IMF expect Nigeria's economy to have in 2009?
What is it called when a pathogen grows within the host cells?
What country is spoken of in the inscriptions of a country in Northern Africa from 1390-1352 BC ?
What do ACE inhibitors do?
What caused a temporary exodus from Nueva Vizcaya?
About how many Fields Medal winners have been Ashkenazi Jews?
Who became the predominant shoppers for individual households in the nineteenth century?
In what county was the Swan Inn located?
What is the estimated number of slaves that were   transported each year?
What is the primary purpose of the Portuguese armed forces?
What is the name of the jazz museum in Detroit?
After what age could women become members of the Dominican Order?
What type of climate does the island of the Azores have?
What was happening to Idris' government in the 1960s?
During whose presidency were Egyptians nostalgic for Nasser?
Who published a work in 1937 on the relationship between emotion and the limbic system?
What religions were discourages so their places of worship were closed?
What happened to Viacom's lawsuit in 2010?
What is the state deficient in?
What daylight event was not celebrated after the dark sacrifice?
After whom is Olin Business School named?
What was a consequence of the doubt that Greece could pay it's debts?
What is the classification of IMS?
Which students go into the Augmented Foundation Programme?
What is the junction forward voltage?
Where is the Valais located?
How were comics published when serialization became less common?
What is the process called in which plants gather nutrients from the soil around their roots?
What Substance act does the FBI enforce?
What is the employee count of the University of Michigan?
In what country was John Lofting born?
What religious tradition may be a problem for Alaskan Jews?
How many people were killed in the explosions at the Boston marathon?
What are produced in cell division?
When did Michael Dell found his company?
How many kilograms of uranium may be contained in the oceans?
What type of issue exist over the territories in the South China sea?
Was CBC's application for a digital transitter in Fredricton approved or rejected?
As of what year was hard rock a mainstream type of music?
What process is a trace left over from?
Who was the Led Zeppelin drummer who passed away?
What day was Kanye's first concert after the death of his mother?
"What word does ""Bey Hive"" derive from?"
What is not possible unless the reactants surmount an energy barrier known as the activation energy?
What Time magazine founder attended Yale?
What year did Estonia rank third in press freedom?
What automatic right do Australian citizens and residents have on Norfolk Island after meeting the criteria in Immigration (Amendment No. 2) Act 2012?
"Along with the Renaissance, what era occurred at the end of the Middle Ages?"
"What world literally means ""founder?"""
How many clubs have won the fa cup as part of a league cup double?
What is considered to be the best remaining example of a house from the Georgian period and style?
What are hydrogen and carbon monoxide for Lithotrophic bacteria?
Which Dell committee keeps the company from violating antitrust laws?
Why would Guam becoming a commonwealth be so important?
What may poor socioeconomic factors ultimately in part be due to?
Who issued the first round of official characters?
What percent of the Seleucid empire were comprised of native elites?
What was developed that has allowed archaeologists to read contemporary records and inscriptions?
The East Front contains what famous feature?
What portion of Gothic buildings are usually richly decorated with arcading or sculpture?
What year did Black leaders call for this change in language?
"What was actually the cause of Lady Flora's ""pregnancy""?"
"When people have long-term pain, what do they frequently display?"
During what period did the governmental monopolies become privatized once again?
How many researchers does the University of Michigan expect to hire?
What did Rumfit state that the defendants should have been informed about?
What did the Garamantes do in order to bring water to   their crops?
What type of property are trademarks and copyrights?
Whitehead observes that life is deficient in what?
What companies received the money?
What is the result of using AC power on a DC motor?
Where was GM Dallas Green from?
Retirees from what two professions often sought licenses for pubs?
What waterfowl character had his own satire series of comic books?
Who was buried in the abbey on 4 April 1727?
What did the international acts do?
When was the original punk movement?
what year was a virus induced flu reported?
What figure died on June 28th 1855?
What Proto-Indo-European word is hound from?
When did the Slavic solidarity movement choose red blue and white as their colors?
What party was Hillquit?
The type of videographic recording medium used and the image's characteristics determine what?
Where is the Aosta valley located?
What century did Bern outgrow the peninsula?
Minuscule is a term uses to describe which case of letter?
What was Barr's job?
How many of the worlds succulents are found in Karoo?
What land area is west of Puget Sound?
What is the economy of Tibet dominated by?
What technique has becoming more popular in classification of bacteria?
Which magazine declared her the most dominant woman musician?
What song did Lauren Alaina release after coming in second on American Idol?
How many people in Burma are currently using a work visa for Thailand?
Ibn Sina's Book of Healing was partially available in what language?
Who began minting the coins known as Joachimstalers?
What is the non-Hispanic white population of Houston?
What was the main Filipino Islamist group being attacked?
The ISO/IEC high standard document states that the decompressed output produced from a given MP3 file will be the same within what standards?
What results from the development of xylem on the inside and phloem on the outside?
What is the name of the 1825 case where the supreme court held that congress could delegate their responsibilities to the court?
"What was his ""secret"" title after World War II?"
Who originally proposed the Alaska Permanent Fund?
When did the expert commission deliver its report?
Between which months do New Delhi's long summers last?
What was Darwin's On The Origin of Species for theorists?
What recent Asian ancestry do some Marshall Island residents have?
Atticus Finch is a model of what for legal professionals?
What idea did positivism provide?
How much financial assistance did Saudi Arabia give China?
In what year did Mount Rainer receive a record amount of snowfall?
What is the maximum amount of funds the FDIC guarantees in insured accounts?
Humans consider most insects as what?
What does the manner of DNA storage on the histone and the chemical modifications of the histone itself regulate?
What's the name of the highest peak in Samoa?
What is a popular tabloid magazine in Namibia?
Who recognized the Jewish synagogues as being legitimate in Rome?
How many strings do the regular mandolin's have?
When did Augustus' victory at Actium against Mark Antony and Ceopatra VII occur?
Different things could affect what with the shell?
When was the infrastructure of the postal service destroyed?
What was King George II's royal residence beginning in 1762?
How much was the worldwide investment in solar power in 2012?
Why did parties that relied on donations or subscriptions run into problems?
Is QUEL still used to access data in INGRES?
"The literary work ""The Odyssey:, was written by whom?"
What was Victoria's allowance upon becoming Queen?
What did Nicholas Kaldor say Hayek brought to macroeconomics?
How many planes did Nagumo have for the Midway invasion?
What did post-punk artists feel there was an imperative to constantly do?
What was the architectural style of the Chalukyas?
What is the strongest form of discipline the Jehovah Witnesses' judicial committee can render?
When did Prince Albert die?
"Along with smooth soul and quiet storm, what genre influenced adult contemporary R&B?"
How many companies did Apple promise were develping products for the new computer?
What was Vitruvius' profession?
What did the state council set up in 2008?
What in Jalilibad was taken over by the Popular Front?
Who is considered to have been the one that founded Illuminationist philosophy?
Loose soil from lack of trees along the river bed resulted in?
What do you have to agree to with Netflix before you can use their service on PlayStation 3?
What does Oklahoma mean?
A play that results in what outcome will never also be a scoring play?
What other Slavic languages did the Cryptologic Spectrum conclude Tito spoke?
What 2005 publication in its third edition kept to that ruling?
When did Tito meet Eisenhower at the U.N.?
In what year did Schwarzenegger speak at the Republican National Convention?
How many British troops died at the Massacre of Chumik Shenko?
Approximately how many residents make up the population of downtown New Haven?
What distinguishes Federalism from other types of government?
How many lions are found on the Golden Boot?
Who were some of the people striking in 1978-1979?
Who said the Aboriginal people started to embrace their ancestry?
How can botany be applied to the construction industry?
Have the origins of the szlachta been clear or obscure?
What are Tucson's typical winter low temperatures?
What was New Haven's last professional sports team?
From what period do researchers believe that the oldest known full-body impression of a flying insect originates?
Does Triangle Transit have a van service?
What is Central Catalan?
In such competitions what are the chickens juged on? What attibutes are considered viable?
How big is Midtown's population?
What is the name of the scholarly legal publication at Northwestern School of Law?
Where did Kim Il-Sung temporarily move the capital?
Where would the Church of St Stephen be located today?
How long can it take for patents to be approved after initially being filed?
What often caused strife between Greek states?
Which boroughs was the Mexico City borough split into?
How many royal parks are located in the center of London?
What ice age signaled the end of the normal climate in the Ordovician period?
how many ghost towns are in the state of Kansas?
Who noted Gaddafi's opposition to apartheid?
"Prior to spreading, how hot is mastic asphalt heated?"
What body replaced the War Plans Division?
What kind of  shifts are taking place in Catalan speaking areas?
"Due to increased unemployment, who mainly opposed the Shah's regime?"
Who controlled San Diego's charter for 2 years after it was revoked by California legislature?
"Traditionally, what political spectrum did The Times support?"
In what year was Hugh Wood born?
What is the annual cost of a Live Gold membership in USD?
What kind of music is sold by these companies?
What cities contest to being the original home of the semi?
John XXIII became the first pope to receive what title?
Where is Bir Tawil located?
What was the last British colony remaining in Africa?
How many square miles in NYC?
How many AA Sections were defending Britain by December 1916?
What resembles an actual person's handwriting?
Who painted The Night Cafe?
What types of crops does Portugal produce?
What part of Universal's business was terminated while it was in bankruptcy?
How long have ducks possibly been in domesticated domicile with humans?
Who is the next highest goal scorer after Mess?
How is the Greek word parousia translated when referring to Christ?
What programs created by FDR helped North Carolina during the Great Depression?
Who made the call to sell Alaska?
How many core functions did the Air Force reduce its duties down to recently?
What is the air defence of a certain area called?
What is one of the types of Authorized Badges in the USAF?
How many times is it suggested that you should warn people you are in disagreement with before parting ways?
How many pavilion are part of New Haven Hospital?
"At the lowest level of the brain and spinal cord, are what areas?"
Where does Laulupidu usually take place?
What did the MoU make the manufacturers agree to do?
"The word ""Hellenistic"" was derived in what time period?"
"In 2004, Southampton's contribution to the regional economy had almost doubled from what it was in what year?"
What area was the site of the first action in the Seven Years' War
How many students does the University of Fribourg have?
Who is the current president of Portugal?
Queen Victoria and Prince Albert had how many more children after Victoria's birth?
In what year did construction finish on the Plymouth Sound Breakwater?
How many cyclones effected Tuvalu during the 1996-97  cyclone season?
How many graduate and professional programs are offered by Northwestern?
Why did the temporary cessation of game broadcasts occur?
The devastating wreck of the flotilla is said to have inspired what playwrite?
Whats the typical age range for pre-school?
What did Bermuda's merchant shipping fleet do whenever it had the chance?
What stock character lived with her white father until he left the picture?
Who was involved merger of the smaller states into the two largest factions of Myanmar ?
When did the torch visit New Delhi?
When did the Islamic Golden age start?
What is thought to be the modern name of the island Legazpi called Los Barbudos?
"Who in the generation following the ""To Secure These Rights"" findings sign legislation for affirmative action into law?"
Where can one find the Srijana Contemporary Art Gallery?
This caused a stir in deciding who should enter first and who should do what?
What was Paris known as in Latin?
What was evacuated in Beijing?
What will a treaty be if it is in violation of a peremptory norm?
At least how many American aircraft were shot down between 1945 and 1948?
Who felt that the government was involved in the website?
Wy did records outside of the US often have small holes with the ability to punch out the center?
Where else can one see a theater performance?
Horn Cable Television and Universal TV are examples of what?
Who first crossed the Pacific ocean using a solar powered boat?
"Who was the ruling monarchy when Taungoo, was vassal?"
Who runs Yale College?
What percentage of patients infected with tuberculosis died within 5 years?
What is the closest historically famous city is 44 miles away?
"In the medieval period, what buildings were notably built atop older ruins?"
On what laptops are the sleep-and-charge marked with a non-standard symbol?
Who releases Link from the Realm of Twilight?
"Currently, contestants can not have a recording track by what stage of the competition?"
What media conglomerate did Comcast try to buy in 2004?
Who protested the involvement of Britain and France in a war with Germany?
What can imperfective verb undergo to make other imperfective verbs?
What was Trubetzkoy's title?
Immigrants from what country were primarily hired by the fishing fleets that supported the canneries??
What company did Beyoncé's father work for when she was a child?
Who controls film production in the GDR?
How will the above mentioned spaceship appear to a stationary observer?
What major power of the time was not involved in The Seven Years' War?
How is nociceptive pain classified?
What channel in St. John's airs Out of the Fog?
"Commercial projects in the late period tended to be ""architectural"" in what way?"
"In further elaborating on the definition, how did Chalk and Jonassohn phrase the intention of the perpetrator?"
What was the name of the Tibetologist?
Which centres of Switzerland mostly rejected the quota system for foreigners?
How many degrees off was Adams' prediction?
Who composed a popular Venetian-styled piece in 1675?
What containers are used for melting?
When did the torch visit Macao?
"Rather than political, what was Victoria's monarchy seen as?"
When did the Turkish Seljuk Sultanate of Rum reach its demise?
What was the mass of the wuzhu coin?
By what name is Mary referred to in the Qur'an?
In what areas of public service were Eritreans particularly employed?
How many airlines operate out of Richmond International?
What type of household gods and cults did soldiers bring to outer areas?
What percentage of the ore concentrate is zinc?
"What was Madonna wearing during the performance of ""Like A Virgin"" at the VMA?"
Where did the Taliban regroup in 2002?
Does vinyl record maintain any popularity?
What name did the process take on in Baghdad?
Under which Scotland Act sections is the royal assent governed?
What kind of genetic material can be produced from retrotransposons?
Futron's Space Competitiveness Index ranked Israel what in 2012?
Who was the source of influence for the flat tax?
"Besides the museums, what other art offering does SAM operate?"
What do scientists disagree about?
"What term replaced Vitruvius' term ""utility""?"
What is the similar trait of Estonia's four seasons?
How can one find the amount of collector current?
"What is it possible to induce which is, contrary to expectations, devoid of unpleasantness?"
What plan did the DoD release in 2005?
How many persons were still unaccounted for in Yingxiu?
Who were two leading exponent of the Greek Revival style?
How many people does the de Jong Concert Hall seat?
Baptists have played a key role in what?
For which film from 1982 did Schwarzenegger first gain fame?
How many men were studied for tests on the flavor of beer in the Neuropsychopharmacology journal in 2013?
What establishments did Frédéric frequently visit in Paris that influenced his career?
What is Zardozi an example of?
How many coolie labourers were on the island by 1818?
Which mosque is believed to be the first with a dome?
Does this article cover east-west or north-south streets?
What is the Zeigarnik effect?
What kinds of groups around the world can benefit from the Community Tool Box?
What is air defence called in French?
The invariant interval that separates two events in Minkowski spacetime can either be what?
What city was massacred for not wearing the proper haircut?
When was the play for To Kill a Mockingbird first performed?
Locusts destroy what?
How did Gaddafi use all the money that resulted from nationalizing the oil industry?
How is COPD differentiated?
"In addition to hearing him play, what else did people seek from Chopin in London?"
What is not often aspirated?
Who represented Oribe's Blancos?
Who were two major lyrical poets?
In what village is East Houston Street located?
What type of language were Prakrits?
What theory suggests that acids are proton donors?
How many beds does the DMC have?
What's the name of the public quay that's been in Southampton since the 13th century?
Under what condition does voltage reversal occur in RLC circuits?
Where was the Baghdad Railway Suppose to connect?
What is the earliest records of humans using pesticides?
"According to a recent study, how many men of the Dhulbahante clan married women from the Hawiye clan?"
Which group rides around in open carts through the streets?
"What term is interchangeable with ""sapwood""?"
The desert zone accounts for how much of the state's surface area?
What was the name of Studdard's coronation song?
How many notes are in a hepatonic scale?
What type of legislative subjects can both the central legislative body and state legislatures make laws?
What capabilities were cut to the entire Sichuan area?
What Valencian museum has a photography collection?
"What is possible to run by using Boot camp, even though it is not condoned by Apple?"
What accounts are form the basis of much of the accounts in the Quran?
What kind of ceiling is in the chapter house?
Who gave Chopin instruction on how to play the organ?
"In what year during the Presbyterian movement in England was referred to as the ""Disruption""?"
What does a DCT do?
What did the Queen commission Sir Robert Peel to do?
Who did the throne of Hanover pass to instead of Queen Victoria?
What can be accounted for by a feedback between diversity and community structure complexity?
When was the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship formed?
How much of the earth is covered by oceans?
What did the query starter believe had been done by Mary's direct  maternal line that contradict the conception theory of immaculate for Mary ?
How many number one singles did Queen release?
Who were responsible for the revolts that ended with Youlou's removal?
Portuguese primary school enrollment is close to what percent?
What part of the organism is usually created which becomes a developed genetically altered organism?
Who maintains the Unicode Standard?
"In 2011, how much time each day did Schwarzenegger say he lifted weights?"
What does Dawkins explain must compete with each other in living begins?
What is another name for Nanjing Fuzimiao?
What didn't the king have in Miskito society?
What was the profession of George Marshall?
What is the effective f-number proportional to?
UK aid had risen to how much in the same period?
What was New Haven's nickname?
How many torchbearers carried the torch?
What was the name of the new regime created when the Cisalpine Republic separated from Switzerland?
What caused lower classification status for African Americans?
"In terms of whites, what is an argument that is used to try and refute the benefits of affirmative action as it relates to the compensation argument?"
What was the monetary base value in 1994?
What notable football player played at Notre Dame from 1916 to 1920?
What widely-used product is almost always made of wood fibers?
East Slavic people consist of which nationalities?
What type of party system is the United States?
After resigning where did Stratford Canning sail off to?
What was Germany going to be called if Prussian won?
What famous writer has a house in Philadelphia?
Who still could handle the structural calculations for designing at that time?
What dynasty ruled Egypt in this period?
Paraffin wax is an example of what kind of storage media?
When was Weld re-elected governor?
What will happen if too many consumers save or pay down debt simultaneously?
What did the Patriot Act make it easier for law enforcement to search?
In what era were there many socio-technological trends?
What city in Poland is a sister city to Philadelphia?
What is the railway that runs South to North called?
What type of literature does Tusiata Avia write?
Who were the final two contestants?
What sacred texts are some of the oldest in India?
What are among the most complex characters in modern dictionaries?
What company did Laemmle found in June 1909?
What was most likely Siddhārtha Gautama's father?
What is the dominant religion of North Africa?
How does Arsenal Ladies rank as compared with other English women's football teams?
What two things declined during the attacks in Britain?
At what floor do the doors open on the way down?
How much of Ireland's Russian speakers are Irish citizens?
Most vertebrates usually devote how much metabolism to the brain?
When where the Eclogues likely published?
Which Muslim scholar studied the Quran's inimitability until his death in 1078?
What film depicts the Chicago Cubs defeating a baseball team from Miami in the 2015 World Series?
At which park does W 122nd Street end?
"What is the basic, primitive part of the immune system known as?"
What is the name of the city's airport?
The fourth truth consists of how many factors?
What is the oldest medical college in Asia?
What is an example of a lesser-known instrument taught at Eton?
What is one of the most common traits of religion according to Boyer?
Who composed the La conquista della Spagne di Scipione Afriacano il giovance?
How many songs did most albums contain?
What Act was the result of a meeting of Swiss politicians organized by Napolean?
Why are groups hesitant to work with government officials ?
Which RAF technical advisor was the conversation passed onto?
When were periods of numerous interracial relationships in the U.S.?
What business development did the British use to establish a hold on the global cotton market?
How many CDs were mass produced in 1988?
Which shock jock urged people to vote for Sanjaya?
What kind of medicine was practiced in India before 2500 BC?
What is a definition of signal-to-noise ratio?
Richard M. Bowen III testified to the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission regarding his tenure at which financial institution?
What movement did Boston become the center of after it stopped slave trade?
Ethnohistory can study the history of what types of groups which may or may not exist today?
"In addition to Free Radio San Diego, what other pirate station is in San Diego?"
The architecture of New Delhi borrows from indigenous sources but fits into what tradition?
Why were the protesters arrested?
"Along with Lorimar and National General Pictures, what library was included in the Warner Bros. library?"
How did Tajikistan change their economy?
What did the National Academy of Sciences independent review discover about the FBIs analytical model?
About how many Libyans died in Operation El Dorado Canyon?
What is the oldest county in liberia?
Which scientist experimented with blasting alpha particles at the nuclei of gold?
How much did Madonna have when she first went to NYC?
How many cars can the Gateway Center at Bronx Terminal Market's parking garage hold?
Where did Pliny the Elder repeat Aristotle's observations?
When did the Qing dynasty fall?
Who led the faction that challenged Kim-Il-sung?
"Along with sociology, linguistics, historiography and archaeology, what field is part of Somali Studies?"
For whom is the Weddell seal named ?
"Other than Yale, New Haven has another private college in the city, it's name?"
What is an example of a section of Valencia that was majorly renovated?
What project used an automated version of the Sanger method in its early stages?
"Along with political controversy, what can the distinction between a language and dialect sometimes lead to?"
What does Houston's mayor also serve as?
Where in Pakistan is Waziristan?
"Under the deal, how many AFL playoff games did ESPN broadcast each year?"
What was the specialty of great Pietho and what is famous for ?
What was the communist party agitated over?
What was the cause of Lady Flora's death in July?
Carolingian minuscule script quickly spread across which continent?
What is the average annual snowfall in Tibet?
What kind of parade is The Procession?
"When Liszt lived close to Chopin, where did he call home?"
What ocean surrounds Antarctica?
Frequent episodes of diarrhea are common in what type of cases?
What did Sony call the special offer they handed out to respond to the breach?
Who taught Antigonus II?
Who already had contact over a network of countries ready to offer assistance to the Greeks ?
What is San Diego's cable penetration rate?
Who made Spielberg a knight?
What was von Braun's role in the army's rocket program during during World War II?
Who improved Gesner's  of refining kerosene from coal?
Who typically specializes in obesity and chronic disease?
What type of festivals happened when events warranted them?
Federalism combines what two types of government?
What are usually Universities made up of?
Who's death caused this protest?
"When the lamas received an invite from the emperors, who did they send instead?"
What happens to a treaty that was designed to terminate under certain conditions when those conditions are actually met?
How many museums are found in Egypt?
What kind of drill bit do you need to drill holes in a PCB?
What year was the Victrolac compound released?
Who was the youngest daughter of Earl and Countess of Strathmore and Kinghorne?
The population of the Greater New Haven in 2010?
What types of taxes do Puerto Ricans pay?
Where did the Portuguese royal family move in 1808?
What are some of the major concerns with intensive breeding programs?
What do winners of the continental competition get to do?
When was South Tucson first incorporated?
What is this forced type of study called?
What is the annual precipitation in Iran's western plains?
What other close by countries have been greatly influenced by the Greek way of life ?
On what date was the expiration of Foster's patent?
Which season has been the highest rated of all American Idol seasons?
How much percentage of the sun does Neptune get compared to Uranus?
What was the full price of Eton per student in 2010-2011?
What does the winner of the Sprint Unlimited get?
What is the main impact of people wearing red as it relates to the perception of distance?
What can even translations completely done by a human still be prone to?
Where was John buried?
Who signed a reparations agreement with West Germany?
How long did Lee spend writing the book?
What was Zechariah's occupation?
How long is the Lenten period of the Liturgical calendar?
Who threatened to retaliate?
The people that lived in the British Isles during the Roman Empire era spoke which language?
"How many destroyers were in Kurita's ""Center Force""?"
What queen set up the Banská Akadémia?
This new style was an attempt to give what different feel to design?
Which year was the Fort Peck Reservoir designated a National Scenic River?
Why is sequencing done on plants?
What is gynephilia used to describe?
What forced the Queen to return to London?
Part of the scribal bureaucracy were trained what?
Which author popularized a pessimistic view of the Late Middle Ages in his 1919 book?
How did elite Parisian scholars perceive themselves?
What did Spinoza believe the world was made of?
Is the Avian flu a risk only to animals?
How many troops did the Turks send to Gyumri?
How did the move the relief supplies from Taiwan to the stricken area?
Which party came to power after the election?
"Out of about every 14 students, how many will be suspended from school?"
What region did La Malinche hail from?
What natural process formed the land masses that would become the Samoan islands?
"Who helped write the song ""No Boundaries""?"
Which year was the study published?
What was the average household size in Atlantic City?
What does the Greek phrase that is inscribed on the pages of an open book on the seal mean?
During his vacation in 1824 and 1825 who did Chopin spend his vacation with?
Who thought Dowding was stubborn and didn't like to cooperate?
What epic poem did Luís de Camões write?
When was Punjab part of the Indus Valley Civilization?
What method did the Chinese government use to ease the boycott situation?
What percent of the worlds population did Africa posses at the Berlin Conference?
How does the robot pick the tiles it places?
Which paper published a story about Feynman in 1992?
The fourth truth consists of how many factors?
What month is the Fiesta de los Vaqueros held in?
Do states have access to CJIS?
What is one of BYU's characteristics that is most often pointed out through reputation?
What interrupted the use of the wuzhu coin during the reign of Wang Mang?
What do landside areas include?
How many crew members out of every five on the RMS Titanic were Sotonians?
In what century was the Newer Orthography created?
According to QS World University Rankings where does Cairo University rank?
Why do infants and young childrens memories need to be assesed differently?
WHy did they decide not to fund abortion
What military commander gained power after the fall of the Minamoto clan?
"What hardware component did CNET have the biggest problem with, even comparing it to an old credit card reader?"
What is the London Outer Orbital Path commonly referred as?
What does Euornithes mean?
Who may license and regulate attorneys in Florida?
How many students does the ORT Uruguay university have?
Beyonce received the Pop Songwriter of the Year award at which event?
"In order to explain glass breaking, Fundamental laws of physics can be paired with what?"
What is the average population density of Switzerland?
Around how many rebellious uprisings and civil wars happened in the 1st century BC?
"What did James Macpherson ""translate"" from?"
What wooden utensil could you stir a pot of soup with?
Who placed it in his 1787 work?
What subject is seen throughout Avicenna's Book of Healing?
What is the Jewish Legion?
What else did Finlay do with his little person?
What is the name of the 1801 document that aimed for reconcilliation between revolutionaries and Catholics?
Which paper published a story about Feynman in 1992?
What year did season ten of American Idol first air?
What is a proctodaeum?
What is the purpose of a pesticide?
What city did Jayapala invade at least twice?
"Along with with ethnicity and genetics, what is the other factor associated with differences in pain perception?"
Who discovered tyrothricin?
What are poultry eggs used for aside from consumption?
"What's an example of a softwood that isn't ""soft,"" and is actually harder than a lot of hardwoods?"
What type of Roman item was traded on the Silk Road network?
Vocal music in the Renaissance is noted for an increasingly elaborate what?
What year did Schumann review Chopin's piano concertos?
How many commercial airports did the British Airports Authority originally operate?
Who was the traditional partner with Great Britain at the beginning of the conflict?
Which Tigranes successor composed Greek tragedies?
What instrument was the precursor of the tuba?
Who did Madonna's look and style of dressing influence?
With whom did Rome have alliances at the end of the regal period?
Often regular everyday craftsman were most likely what?
When did Sammy Sosa explode into pursuit of Roger Maris' home run record?
After what event did the Prince of Wales' health begin to improve?
The Wanamaker Mile is an event by which annual track and field meeting?
Where can one find the San Diego Zoo?
Some of the kites remain at what National Historic Site?
In which year did Umayyad Caliphate's empire collapse?
When were tricyclic antidepressants developed?
How many tram stops are on Melbourne's tram network?
Bell implemented Gray's design as a what?
Shell announced it was in the process of doing what in April 2010?
How many volumes was Principia Mathematica?
When were the last slaves freed in New York state?
What did the former opposition parties declare?
What new groups were formed as a result of the Third Great Awakening?
When did Ramanuja live?
How many records did Beyoncé sell as part of Destiny's Child?
Dogs can understand and communicate with what other species?
Are adolescents or children more bound to concrete events?
Why was John motivated?
What is the title of the Barcelona club song?
What year was the Southampton Docks company created?
Where has a non-native rodent known as a nutria become very destructive?
How many orginal founding patrons are there of the Great Amphictyonic League ?
Who was the only provider of dial up service in Somalias SouthCentral regions in 2009?
Who runs Tucson's main power plant?
What type of dielectric layer is used in electrolytic capacitors?
Who proposed using a table to store data?
What kind of device can access the Twilight Princess manga?
Galschiøt and two fellow protesters were denied to entry to Hong Kong for what reason?
In what year did Bell open his own school?
What is the name of the first tropical aquarium in Germany?
Who signed the Union of Utrecht?
When did Belon make his shipbuilding observations?
How long do members of the supreme court serve?
Children inherited polish nobility from whom?
How were working conditions and employment at the end of Nasser's presidency?
The oldest section of the original wall around the town dates from what year?
What has the Real growth in GDP since 2001 in Swaziland in percentage?
What institute promotes awareness of native culture?
Who is trying to attract investments for hydropower in Tajikistan?
What size was the Swiss Federal budget in 2010?
On what date did the AFL take control of one of its teams?
How long was symphonic instrumentation faithful to Beethoven's after he died?
Who created Westminster Abbey as the Collegiate Church of St Peter Westminster?
What political structure did Vietnam have?
"Rather than being carried by an athlete, how did the torch end its route in Paris?"
What weather trend ocured in the Late Cretaceous and Cenozoic periods?
Emotion is called what in Hellenistic art?
When did Travel + Leisure list Yale as one of the most beautiful campuses?
What happened to the Fatburger chains that Kanye established?
What Tory did Victoria commision after Melbourne resigned his postion?
What was Berkeley's ethnicity?
What is one property of copper that makes it so useful in electrical wiring?
When was the Grand Service made?
What kind of aircraft are capable of taking off vertically?
What designation was added to British dates to differentiate them from countries not using the new calendar?
African dictators often have what kind of bank accounts?
In what year did Thomas Edison invent the phonograph?
Biological and botanical derivatives have what positive effects?
What is Miami's street plan called?
The city has couple of sport stadium which one of them was torn down in 20th century?
The floor mosaic in Butrint is how much older than that of the Baptistry?
What is it called to check data passed between units?
What did the study reveal after 5 years?
When did the emperor Constantine  lose rule over in 1453 ?
Who still practices persistence hunting?
What year were the earliest plants that grew wood discovered?
What percentage of Ecuador's indigenous population are Highland Quichuas?
During what century did the Russian government claim that Ukrainian was a Russian dialect?
How many campus buildings are candidates for LEED design and certification?
What ruler recognized the Ottomans in 1547?
Who did Stalin have murdered in 1937?
Who made Kurt Warner's Arena Football Unleashed?
What device uses infrared LEDs to measure oxygen saturation?
How did the Bovington signal course director view Gaddafi?
How many years was Hoover the FBI director?
"Besides being the official language and language of education, what other group uses Catalan?"
What are two things Chopin's performances were known for?
What's an example of a form fitting garment?
What is the source of amazonite's color?
Who experimented with bitumen extraction techniques to make shipping easier?
What is the per person per day targeted use of water for Tuvalu?
What percentage of copper that has been mined is still being used today?
In what presidential election year did Schwarzenegger make a name for himself as a prominent Republican?
Who did Apple suggest users go to for performing updates on their SE's?
What can states or cities offer to NPOs?
Where is the Four Seasons Town Center located?
Which is the more expensive reinforcement type?
What groups are are utilized toward comprehending symmetry wonders in chemistry?
What was the goal of Kanye's new creative company DONDA?
When did automakers start using electroluminescent technology to backlight gauges?
What poem did Franklin Pierce Adams write?
Who was the first to design architecture environmentally?
How many nations receive the Idol broadcast?
What is the name of the rule that must be met for a group operation to occur?
What percent of the fly genome is similar to the human genome
When did Puerto Rico resolve to request that the United States act on these results?
Transition in glass is comparable to what?
What does LE stand for?
What are the Mustali Ismaili Shia Muslims also known as?
Who spent several years as a political refugee in the city?
How does Malian Health and development rank globally?
What is the typical tradeoff in light bulb design?
What are women rewarded with for kissing the giant phalluses?
Approximately how many square feet of interior storage is available at the Port of New Haven?
What was tantojutsu?
Is there a final endpoint in identity development?
What city was massacred for not wearing the proper haircut?
What day did he die?
What 19th century informal political office did the modern role of White House Chief of Staff correspond to?
Who was the guitarist in the Kinks?
Who also collaborated in the design of the 75 mm gun?
When was Henry Nelson Wieman invited to the Chicago Divinity school?
Orontid Armenia was given to Alexander the Great after he took control of what area?
What was Russia's new legal name?
How many students were in Tuvalu schools in 2010?
What policy did Hitler hope the bombing of Allies would cause?
How did Max Weber view rationalization?
What happens when an anesthetic injection is directed into the nerves a limb stump?
How many significant climate regions exist in Nepal?
Where did the Liberal Revolution of 1820 begin?
Until what year did the belief of hibernating birds persist?
How is the Faraday constant determined?
Who was Winston Churchill's predecessor?
What Greek volleyball club is the most successful in the country?
How many Armenians died during the second phase of the Armenian Genocide between 1915-1916??
What was the name for the ceremony where debutantes had their first introduction into society?
How many quake lakes formed?
What signified the emergence of the Roman Empire?
Which type of cells in the brain are generated throughout your lifetime?
How is the height of a plant determined?
What species group are annelids' muscle control similar to?
"Outside of France, where are the other three branches of the Sorbonne library located?"
Placing red and green next to each other causes their color to be what?
What did Kerry say about major religious texts?
How many doctorate and masters programs are available at Notre Dame?
What was Sidney Sheinberg's position with Universal?
Which mountains occupy much of eastern Tennessee?
Gunlaying radar and RAF controls combined to create what system?
Johannes Kepler created a model of what?
Why is the top of the seamount formed by marine organisms?
How many people travel through Will Rogers World Airport each year?
How many justices are on the Supreme Court?
Who controlled San Diego's charter for 2 years after it was revoked by California legislature?
What was carmine made from?
What did Autosegmental phonology morph into?
Who were the main characters in Stover at Yale?
The extensive modernization started with what?
Was there an energy efficiency improvement in the period 1974 through 1980?
What LEDs are considered safer than any other?
These regions were occupied by who?
How many people did the Plymouth unitary authority gain between 2001 and 2011?
Which shuttle disintegrated in 1986 to cause a decline in the space industry?
What problems lead to a suggesting to relocate the population?
From what direction did Sanskrit travel to come to India?
When did Brasilia's presidential residence open?
Which caliph ordered the Quran manuscript copied and standardized?
When was the International Photography Hall of Fame relocated?
What judge is the Chief Justice of the Tuvalu High Court?
What non-bird animals caused the bird populations of Norfolk Island to suffer?
When did George Bogle come to Shigatse to investigate prospects of trade.
What tribesman were being transported  as slaves on a ship by the Spanish?
Who starred as Chopin in Impromptu?
What is an example of a German encirclement battle?
"In 1939, what caused nearly 2 million Koreans to be forced into the labor force or the army?"
What do many historical linguists consider modern Greek to be a dialect of?
When was a ruling handed down on the Mount Soledad cross controversy?
What do annelids without septa have to use for circulation?
How much revenue for companies is generated by the BDS system?
What biographer of Chopin wrote that Chopin never considered himself French?
When did Lodygin invent his first lamp?
"When Gaddafi went to England, how did he respond to their culture?"
What did King George III want to make Burke an Earl of?
What systems used IBM866 encoding?
What in the Chinese program caused trouble for UNFPA?
How much evidence of the link between the languages is currently available ?
What part of Zhejiang is a center of aquaculture in China?
How does the United States view North Korea's threats?
What complaint did Elliot have about Kerry's actions?
"Cache, download history, cookies, browsing and what else can be quickly deleted in browsers?"
What achievement of the Han era can be used to help solve linear equations?
What was the charity that Madonna was involved in when in Malawi?
Why is Lancashire smaller than its historical extent?
What genre of music is featured at Junk?
What are alloys called when the insoluble elements don't separate until after crystallization occurs?
Who is responsible for the Census Bureau discarding the mulatto category?
Where were the first women's Olympic competitions held?
What did Henrich d'Arrest seek to find?
What purpose does Selenizza have in the drilling industry?
Some of the positive aspects of youtube might be that it provides what on a scale we've never seen before?
How should the characters with the macron and acute be displayed?
WHat program compliment reinvent the toilet
What surprising feature does youtube possibly have the chance to revolutionize?
What nationality was Alcmaeon of Croton?
What are Hamburg and Berlin called?
What does VBR stand for?
What are two other ingredients in the dog meat recipe in Korea?
What was Nintendo's first approved emulator?
What leader was the first consul of the Roman Republic?
Why are the Marshall Islands the most endangered nation on Earth?
When did Quebec land in British hands?
What group boycotted the elections?
When was the administrative county of Lancashire created?
What country did the torch get to for the first time?
Has Bermuda's constitution ever been amended?
How much would global sea levels rise if Greenland and Antartica's glaciers were to melt?
What caused Latin America's right-wing authorities to support coup o'etats?
What is the county flower of Lancaster?
What is one of the regular folk festivals called?
What color of ceramic glaze was extracted from uranium oxide?
What EQ settings were known to have issues with bass distortion?
What does BYU mandate of it's student members of the LDS Church to be?
A seismometer during the Han dynasty used what type of pendulum?
Who had swamps and forests for their cities?
What is perceived as the general priority of the food processing industry in this sort of economy?
What did the Greeks wants to be imparted to their descendants ?
What year did Nathaniel Battes settle in North Carolina?
How many student organizations does Washington University have on campus?
What east-west artery in New Haven serves Union Station?
The Avogadro constant is determined to be the ratio between what two factors in the X-ray crystal density method?
What body of water is Jamaica Bay Wildlife Refuge adjacent to?
How many halls are at Notre Dame that house students?
Who can be credited with saying essentially humans are the gods of gods?
What was the population of Boston in 1822?
On which book and who was the author was one of the main sources of the historical study of Cubism based?
what are the 2 sections of the somerset levels
What year was the India Gate built?
What state are the protons in when in the orthohydrogen form?
What is the term for a subdivision of a hizb?
What label pushed out Kanye's fourth studio album?
The efficiency of decoders is examined by seeing how much memory and what other process they use in the decoding process?
Who was the religious leader of the original Puritan settlers?
What is the lowest score on the Democracy Score scale?
How long have international oil companies been in Nigeria?
What is one of the Musical schools
Where was The Mogadishu Times published?
How can bacteria resist virus DNA?
"The scientific revolution contributed to what, in terms of science?"
What is undisputed about early humans?
What does PCB stand for?
Where di the first performances of Diagheliv's Ballets Russes take place?
Which Charleston community had a large influence on jazz music?
Where do most Cypriots receiver higher education?
The Thorakitai used what type of oval shield?
What is the name of a notable green office building in New York?
What were the studia humanitatis competing against?
What year was Cyprus supposed to host the international art festival Manifesta?
Where does a cappella still maintain a heavy presence?
What is the materialistic view of matter in relation to other objects?
What are the three types of transport in Nanjing?
Buddhists call anapanasati what?
When was the Regius Poem written?
How many households were in Oklahoma city?
In how many countries does Shell have operations?
What did Albert establish himself as?
The works of which two scholars were used to teach Sanskrit to the higher castes of India?
How many krais were present in the RSFSR?
"By late afternoon, what were the Prussian southern attacks at risk of?"
What conflict prompted Libya to end its nuclear weapons program?
What feature of the enemies in Twilight Princess is more advanced?
"In the 2008 primary, how much of the Bronx vote did Romney get?"
What does Aquinas define as the aim toward which law is working?
At what time in the middle of the night was the diplomat summoned?
How many jobs in the primary sector were agrictulture?
For whom did de Peyster name Ellice's Island?
When did the first wave of Humanism reach Europe?
Various companies in Japan did what to their games for certain specifics?
Who rejected attempts to introduce the Carnival in Bogotá?
During what years did the Ottoman war against Habsburg Austria occur?
What day did German invade Poland?
The Torah im Derech Eretz insisted that Jews should attempt to engage and influence what?
What is the pope's official title?
Who is Toni Morrison?
What ethnicity was his mother?
Who is writing the Freddie Mercury film?
How many species of Mosses are there in Antarctica?
8th Street between Avenue A and Third Avenue is called what?
When did the Crown take over the island?
What view became popular of the British people in WWII?
When did Beyonce partner with C&A to sell fashion in Brazil?
What does the massed snow in Antarctica produce?
What subject did Kanye's mother teach at her university?
What are the old Masonic document referred as?
"What was his ""secret"" title after World War II?"
What year did teaching start at the Banská Akadémia?
Who was the OSO trying to track and gain intelligence on?
How many runners up in the Champions League were from the Premier League between 1992 and 2013?
What was Jim Hendry promoted to?
What does the outer housing of a miniature motor resemble?
What Historian was in charge of rebuilding the municipal archives?
The creation of the public sphere is associated with the rise of capitalism and which other historical trend?
Which incredibly prestigious position did Huw Thomas hold?
What American official notably opposed the armistice?
What was the first American hockey team to win a Stanley Cup?
Who first used the term Iranian language?
How did the claims on the areas in Africa benefit the European powers?
What land was included in the kingdom of Ba?
When do mixed race individuals feel marginalized?
What language is Hokkien distantly related to?
What region produced several writing systems independent of other areas of the world?
What does informal leaning usually consist of amongst people who take this route of learning?
"Fearing traffic problems, how many people refused to leave Galveston before Hurricane Ike?"
Name an example of a heavy isotope?
How much money did Spectre gross on it's opening day in the UK?
What part of the system was Sony having trouble getting supplies for?
What family has the Northumberland Vault?
What must an adjective's case agree with in Czech?
How much a  Myanmar's boundaries are encompassed by beachfront lands?
What did these three categories correspond with?
When was the finale held?
What sort of things did Bell collect as a child?
What fields are forced to confront one another in anthropology?
"What leader tried to unite all people considered themselves ""German"""
On what date was the Agreement on the Establishment of the Commonwealth of Independent States signed?
Federal law overrides what laws?
What year was the island evacuated due to an eruption?
How many total times has Schwarzenegger won the Mr. Universe title?
What was the problem with AA gunnery?
What party rose to power after 2011 resignation of Egypt leader?
What did the Guptas promote in their reigns?
It was believed that Victorias true father was a hemophiliac and not who?
"What is a lesser spoken, secondary language in Bermuda?"
"What structure was referred to as a ""Palmerston's Folly""?"
What hero of Rome studied Greek philosophy and science?
In what century was the Notre Dame Cathedral built?
What is the longest bridge over a continuous body of sea water in the world?
What was the FleetCenter built to replace?
What disease contributed greatly to Bell's death?
How does 'Pasta al Sugo e Berbere' translate in English?
What year did the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approve bedaquiline?
The Cubs had a Class A minor league affiliation on two occasions with who?
What were some of the opinions foreign advisers stated about the Burma 2010 elections ?
Where is the Hotel Lux located in Russia?
"Other than the Jewish Theological Seminary, which other Seminary touches Seminary Row?"
When did Nintendo release a cleaning kit?
Which act created the Upper Canada provinces?
How many people celebrated Laulupidu in 2004?
What kind of agency is the FBI?
What part of China did the earthquake occur in?
What was traditionally left out of the madrasah curriculum?
Identity refers to the capacity for self-reflection and awareness in what scientific study?
What school of thought serves as a model for canon theory?
In what year did The Times change its broadsheet format to a compact size?
What amendment to the Brazilian constitution states that human rights treaties approved by means of a special procedure by Congress enjoy the same position as a constitutional amendment?
Hard Candy debuted at number one in how many countries?
What speech did he give?
What did writers of the Tanzimat period hope to accomplish with their publications?
What Act did Congress pass to outlaw non-consensual phone tapping?
What does Condoleeza Rice prefer to term people as?
Which bird is an example of being both a predator and defender in mobbing attacks?
What US president was in office when Paul VI visited America for the first time?
Who was fired from First Secretary position by Gorbachev?
What was the first explorers name that came in contact with the natives?
"Aside from beverages, what types of food do pubs typically offer?"
What theme is common to Spielberg's films?
What percentage of the Richmond population of 2000 was Pacific Islander?
What must be welcomed in areas for the term do be perceived as complimentary?
What does the binding set off that will result in something visibly obvious in various ways?
How many Oscars did Close Encounters win?
What year did he gain citizenship in France?
Has a Welsh team ever won a competition?
What other Slavic languages did the Cryptologic Spectrum conclude Tito spoke?
What is a significant early architectural canonical type?
Who was the chairman of the newly established committee?
"According to historian Roy Porter, what was the Age of Enlightenment trying to capture?"
What name refers to the period of instability during the rift between Tito and the USSR?
"Who first published the proverb about waking up early and going to bed early to be ""healthy, wealthy, and wise""?"
What is a downfall of the Battery Charging Specification?
What is the meaning of dichotomous keys?
How much water should be taken in for each calorie of food that is consumed?
Meninges separate what structure from the brain?
"Monody, the madrigal comedy, and intermedio are all precursors to what?"
"Rather than tie up the high-bandwidth USB bus sending data to a slower USB device, what happens?"
Use of cotton in Iran dates back to what period?
What is the German word for Daylight Saving Time?
When did League regulations make Arsenal reduce the seating in Highbury?
What became a best-seller comic in the French language?
"What provision rewards ""whistle-blowers""?"
"Are the religious minorities in Iran - Christianity, Judaism, Zoroastrianism, and Sunnis - a part of the Iranian Parliament?"
When did the age of Middle Iranian come to a close?
How was Victoria dressed for burial?
What type of ground was Bern built on?
What were the prisoners on Norfolk Island spared from on the the mainland?
"Where is the ""Chocolate District"" located?"
What excuse did Napoleon use to avoid being assigned to an infantry command?
What part of the airway does asthma affect?
What are Rajasthans two main cash crops?
When did the CBC announce service would be discontinued to analogue transmitters?
Who was persecuting the Puritans?
What are the Hebrew scriptures called?
Are there specific rules for wearing head dresses?
How was sound improved using the moving coil microphone?
Charles Town was named after which king?
When is ghosting reduced?
When was Nanjing conquered by the Communist People's Liberation Army (PLA)?
What decade were the first computer centers created in Estonia?
What was the ethnicity of the second largest group of immigrants in 1900?
Up to how many Austrian soldiers died at Rivoli?
What did Russian colonels due to the men who served under them?
When was the slope-line approach system introduced?
Insects use sound and what other means for communication?
What are the fan encouraged to do?
How many Revolutionary War battles were fought around Philadelphia?
How much more thicker is the dermis to the epidermis?
Where was MacArthur's headquarters moved to in March of 1942?
What other bird was very common before WWII according to the elders?
How many people are believed to have died in Auschwitz?
In what type of soil is zinc deficiency most common?
What is the German analogue of the comprehensive school?
What was built around Hakata Bay?
How many hispanics live in the City of Boston?
What type of book was it?
Where did the Cubs move to after leaving the West Side Grounds?
"Insects can damage crops by feeing on sap, fruits, or what?"
How long ago did people start living in the area?
"Based on genetic testing, what has been suggested about the origin of the potato?"
What movement in the '60s did the novel help spark?
What does Orthodoxy strongly condemn?
When can you become an Autodidact?
What part of Valencia is undergoing improvements?
Name a private business school located in Ann arbor.
Pope Sixtus V limited the number of cardinals to?
While in Berlin he saw the operatic work of who?
What song did Kree Harrison first release after being on American Idol?
What was one of the earliest presentations of this vocabulary?
For how long at most is an unlicenced caretaker manager allowed to control a Premier League team for?
After the Revolution of 1810 there was a subsequent uprising of what provinces?
"In the United States, what are agreements between agencies of the federal government called?"
Who started a tradition of naming the head ministers something other than prime minister?
What era was from 1400 to 1600?
What was Prince Albert's nickname?
What refused to appoint a slaveholder as a missionary?
In what year was the city annexed to the German Empire?
When did the Germans invade the Soviet Union?
What is New Zealand's native population called?
Why did Russia move towards the warmer ports of the Black Sea?
What did Beyoncé's mother own when Beyoncé was a child?
In what year did the cantonalist uprising occur?
What is the general temperature of coastal location during the night?
In what time period did the Glided Age occur?
"Who was formally deposed by the Yugoslav Constitutent Assembly on November 29, 1945?"
What kind of business did Watson work at?
Who wrote the Divine Comedy?
What field of study has hydrogen and it's properties played a key role in development?
Who did Nasser want to handle the day-to-day operations of the government?
What is used to generalize the connection of fields and groups to infinite field extensions?
Where was Saadia Marciano from?
"In agreement with NATO members, the US Air Force and which country has created tactics for air defence suppression?"
"Which motivation for drinking alcohol results in low conscientiousness, lowered inhibition, and greater tendency towards aggression?"
How many NCAA tournaments did the Notre Dame men's basketball team take part in?
What curriculum does the island adapt?
"What was GE's slogan prior to ""Imagination at work?"""
What are the Upanishads called in Hinduism?
Why are there so few surviving mosaics from the Komnenian period?
"Grapes, raisins, onions, garlic and what common sugar alcohol (sweetener) is toxic to dogs?"
What TV network listed Beyonce as number 1 on its 100 Sexiest Artists list?
What was the north-west pavilion converted into in 1938?
In what year did Smile change their name to Queen?
How many main governing bodies are on the federal level in Switzerland?
What type of art is in the Museum of Art?
By what year is the city airport planned to reopen?
Who was president of the Philippines circa 1939?
How long is the short trip?
Who almost picked up Kanye but was ultimately swayed?
What GE employee developed the visible-spectrum LED?
Why did pritz klein come up with the KSOG?
Apollo 15 landed on the Moon on what date?
"What year was the University of California, Berkeley's Instutute of Human Development founded?"
What does the Shimonoseki Strait divide?
What type of kings brought the Gothic style from France to Southern Italy?
What is Richmond's Köppen climate classification?
"Around what year did Yarra rowing clubs and ""regattas"" become popular?"
The events of the Franco-Prussian War had great influence on what?
What are town rights called?
On which border of Tibet is Mount Everest located?
When was the federal constitution signed?
What did the professors predict?
How many congressional districts are there in the city?
What percent of Baptists are there in Raleigh?
How often is The Northwestern Interdisciplinary Law Review published?
How many continents did Laurasia break into?
How many died from cholera in a 2008 epidemic?
Who condemned the actions of North Korea?
What took the place of the German DIN 4512 system?
What month and year did the U.S. join World War II?
What is another name for Dalcom?
Who stated that Hipparchus created the first systematic star map?
Which church was Father Edward Sorin representing?
What famous revolutionary war speech was given in Richmond?  Where?
What was increased by Basel III regulations?
The Earth's oceans cover what percentage of the globe?
What did the Church of Alexandria use to calculate the date of Easter?
What is the typical structure of an adult contemporary song?
Which of Northwestern's schools are among the most academically productive in the nation?
When was the Casas Adobes Plaza established?
"What genre of film was the movie, Obsessed, in which Beyonce starred in?"
Who had taken control of London when Henry III was to be crowned?
What shape is the cage in the Emlen funnel?
What usually changes when a place observes DST?
"Who was the father of John Manners, Marquess of Granby?"
Who was granted a charter to govern Saint Helena?
When did people start living on the edge of the desert?
When did Siddhārtha Gautama live?
From what did this new princedom emerge from?
What adaptation of Arthurian romances took so many liberties with the source material that it could hardly be called a translation?
Which Doctor Who spinoff did CBC contribute to?
What territories were annexed by Austria-Hungary in 1908?
What are the Nigerian states' sub-divisions called?
When did the preference of use of words from northern dialects begin?
How long has Carnival been celebrated?
Where does North Carolina State University men's wrestling compete?
"After her second solo album, what other entertainment venture did Beyonce explore?"
What university is professor Gudmundur Alfredssson from?
Layla and Majnun is an example of what kind of poetry?
In what type of organism is horizontal gene transfer rare?
Why were ports better targets?
When did classes first begin at Washington University?
How did Cleoptra die?
What did Omar Pasha finally reach on December 2nd 1855?
What may have been found at Neolithic sites in China in recent decades?
Whitehead's main philosophy on humans changing is what?
Who was initially opposed to the idea of creating the HDI?
Who was excluded?
What shape do glacial valleys have after being widened by glacation?
When did Madonna married Sean Penn?
Who was held responsible for the actions of the KPA?
What type of instrument are the Sumerians thought to have invented to use at royal funerals?
What amount had Royal Dutch Shell invested in the project by the end of 2012?
What is the main example of a DC power source?
When was Madonna's first concert tour in North America?
What were Valencia's main food exports in the early 20th century?
What coats uranium metal in air?
Who had the home field advantage in 1983?
What were the areas at the center of an old sheet of glass called?
What is the name of the amphitheater in Raleigh?
How many square miles is Desert National Park?
How much identified as mixed race?
Cicadas symbolize immortality in what culture?
What sea is an integral part of the Burma landscape ?
The design of USB is asymmetrical in what?
What federal district court has jurisdiction over Staten Island?
What was the name of the short-lived puppet court created by the Jurchens?
When were these second level roads opened?
In what year did cardinals in the Roman Catholic church start wearing red?
What contribution to the scientific community have the Greeks left the world ?
Did the Taylor Report on stadiums safety standards propose expensive upgrades to stadiums?
When was West Farms created?
Some cities in what county have a higher population density than New York City?
Name another race in florida
Who is credited with increasing the safety and speed of electric elevators?
What would you call a mixture of ingredients used for brewing before the 16th century?
What did the critics call Madonna after the Letterman show?
What was the name of the first sulfonamine antibiotic?
What is the largest calibre ground-based air defence guns?
What are the goals of the Building Partnership interactions?
"Along with uranyl formate, what product of uranium is used in transmission electron microscopy?"
"Besides Yale, what other two locations were chosen by Tony Blair for the Tony Blair Faith Foundation's United States Faith and Globalization Initiative?"
What two console manufacturers dominate the Japanese market?
Who is the main character in the Aeneid?
About how many people speak Patois French in St. Barts?
How many people were married in Bern in 2000?
Who is Northwestern's faculty member notable for winning the Nobel Prize?
What class of disasters is a level II emergency?
How much money did Congress give to the USAF to enable them to replace some of the grounded fleet?
King Philip renounced his right to the throne after what treaty?
What company introduced the first device to help deaf people communicate through telecommunications?
What is Plymouth Synagogue's listed grade?
What was the name of the republic the Russian Provisional Goverment ruled?
What is the single factor that can be precisely measured?
What two-word phrase describes the relationship whereby Dutch and Afrikaans speakers can understand each other?
In what year was The Sun's look changed?
"In Parliament, who was the leader of the monarchists?"
What do most elderly people worry about?
What year was Qiantang raised in status and renamed Hangzhou?
How many bachelor's degrees did Northwestern confer during the 2012-2013 school term?
What is the range of the numbers that a byte can represent?
What suggests that the last few million years featured the greatest biodiversity in history?
When was the first antibiotic discovered?
Do tidewater glaciers calve above or below sea level?
How much of the population lives below the poverty line?
Who said that she is the reigning national voice?
"Which families help to start cultural, industrial, and economic growth in Palermo?"
What did the Allies invade after they conquered North Africa?
What is done with Hindus after they die?
What is the typical thickness of the epidermis?
Where else reported Slavic settlements?
What organization works to further the understanding and adherence to the rule of law?
What power does each national or regional church possess?
When was the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk signed?
Why may some memory retrieval processes fail?
In what year was Roberts ranked as the country's highest-paid executive?
Where were ancient remains of a synagogue found in 1966?
What event contributed to Eisenhower receiving a promotion to brigadier general?
"In contrast to large LD disks, what is the size of a standard CD?"
How long is the pipeline from the Nagarjuna Sagar Dam which the HMWSSB operates?
When was the Ottoman empire founded?
In what yer did Muhammad die?
Who owns two dogs with four eyes each in Hindu mythology?
What were the two DB10s that were not needed for filming used for?
What usually follows an initial inquiry of a candidate?
What was the English first name Farrokh Bulsara adopted?
Inside of what can the molecular circadian clock operate?
What year was the Victrolac compound released?
What does PASOK stand for?
Where was the height generally highest in Palladian architecture?
What was Guns N Roses long delayed 2008 album called?
What was the dynasty that ruled before the Manchu?
What wasn't rich enough for many Romantic composers?
When did Tito die?
"What is day-to-day, operational law considered?"
"According to Reporters Without Borders, where doesn't a single foreign news correspondent live?"
One possible reason for the development of the circadian system is the need to counteract what ?
What type of University would Yale fall under?
What is the term for the feeling of energy or enervation created by an emotional experience?
Somalia was one of the last countries on what continent to get connected tothe internet?
What does the AAPF believe the goal of affirmative action should be?
What view towards cognitive development during adolescence did Piaget take?
Finite energy in a QED is called what?
Who drove through the Queens-Midtown Tunnel before anyone else?
How many US troops participated in the invasion?
Who was the creator of salt water taffy?
When did Chen Fangyun come up with the idea for a satellite navigation system?
During what years was Edward Malloy president of Notre Dame?
Nasser led which country in 1961?
"If one wished to take an antenna to different locations, which type would be best?"
How many high tide peaks does Southampton Water get?
What kind of stops in pinyin are written with letters that representative of voiceless consonants?
What was the show called by other networks?
What has contributed to high food prices in Switzerland?
What is the Greek translation for hydrogen?
Who did the Talking Heads begin a series of collaborations with in 1978?
What river is a tributary of the River Thames?
What leads to biodiversity loss is some countries?
"Upon development of samadhi, a person gets rid of what?"
"How many ""temporal series"" did McTaggart propose?"
How long is the Greek railway system?
Who ruled Syria before it was conquered by the followers of Muhammad?
What is one use that would require an antenna to receive signals in various ways at once?
"The young child, the adolescent, the young adult and the older adult are phases of what?"
What is an important Old English historical record?
On the ten point scale what would an asexual person be considered as?
Which season of American Idol stands out for having the highest ratings?
The Milken Institute rated Boston as the top what in the country?
Queen left what label before signing with EMI?
Why did Green make a deal to shore up the starting rotation?
What military entity did Nasser create in 1961?
Of what alliance is Tuvalu a member?
Which Estonian poet's works were printed from 1810 to 1820?
How much did Stick and Sweet Tour grossed?
How do most MIs come about?
Which fleet joined the Baltic attack?
What is a source for the particles in paper?
Karen Armstrong wrote a biography on who?
What religion is associated with Seto and Võro?
When did South Africa occupy Namibia?
What material is useful in glassmaking because of its slow evaporation?
How many subjects were judged to be the best in terms of internationally recognised research quality?
What uncharacteristic attitude did China display?
Who was the ruler of Valencia in 138 BC?
Where in Southampton were special baths filled by seawater constructed?
What are the intercellular junctions unique to animal cells?
What had Peter Stuyvesant formally banned all of other than the Dutch Reformed Church?
Who created the Armenian alphabet?
What two people suggested the 1848 tour?
"In what area of New Haven are Kehler Liddel, Jennider Jane Gallery, and The Hungry Eye Gallery located?"
Where do unstressed vowels reduce to three?
Where is the Sweet Adelines HQ?
When did the the prince of Rinbung occupy Lhasa?
"Analysis of what genome has emphasised the importance of sponges, placozoans, and choanoflagellates  in explaining the arrival of 1500 ancestral genes unique to the Eumetazoa?"
What formula did a lot of the artists emerging from the scene adhere to?
What year was the UAR formed?
What nationality were the settlers from who introduced Carnival?
When did the majority of the patents held by Sisvel expire?
Who succeeded in finally overthrowing Patasse?
What type of orthox men often grow beards and always wear black?
Where was Charleston's first location?
How may Palestinian refugees are in Egypt?
Why 1kV voltage is almost always used by rail systems?
How many of these old festivals are still celebrated by residents of Nanjing?
What does the city host on Sundays
How did Wilson recruit more qualified police?
Who was Microsoft Windows 3.0 commonly said to be good enough for?
What do unstressed vowels reduce to in Western Catalan?
What year did IBM hire its first black salesman?
What was the controversy around Schwarzenegger's first gubernatorial campaign nicknamed?
What material is on a direct metal mastering disc?
Who was the first ruler of the Kushan empire?
"What does the ""three baskets"" refer to?"
What kind of parade is The Procession?
What does B.I.C. stand for?
What are around 50-60% of the original size?
Which national news-based programs are based in Melbourne?
"In what film did a parody of the ""Win one for the Gipper"" speech appear?"
What name did Elizabeth keep as her married name?
When did Nasser die?
What was the name of the manor that previously existed on the site?
What Microsoft media format is not natively supported by Apple devices?
Who leaders the sub-divisions of offices or divisions?
When was the full version of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures released?
Whose law of noncontradiction did Avicenna endorse?
How many barrels of oil equivalent does Shell produce per day?
What was Oklahoma cities median age in 2000?
What does Procopius describe in his writings of the Sclaveni and Antae?
how many members did the America First Committee have?
What metals were alloyed with tin to make it stronger?
What was Greece's largest port as measured by good transported in 2010?
What is the name of China's highest level basketball league?
What river mergers with the Cooper River to form Charleston Harbor?
What did the other parties receive that year?
What was the length capacity of the CAA55 format?
French historians generally use the beginning of which King's reign to date the start of the Enlightenment?
What is the name of steel when it is being formed of two phases?
How can associationism be defined?
Why do debates not have a distinct winner?
Who is the founder of Louis' Lunch in New Haven?
What former Arsenal player became manager in 1986?
In what year did Elizabeth become Queen?
What is another term for Bharatam?
When did Arent Schuyler de Peyster visit Tuvalu?
What year did parliament rescind the exemption of 1799 given to the Freemasons?
What assets are included in nominal wealth?
What does UEFA Stand for?
How was the gladiatorial combat described?
"Who became president on June 12, 1991?"
"In 1985, how many people were murdered in Richmond?"
Who defeated Bermuda?
What is the name of Shell's subsidiary in the United States?
What percentage of Swiss voters voted to join the Schengen treaty?
How much of the population had no religion?
What was the name of the Prohibition-era African-American cultural flourishing in New York?
What connects PS/2 keyboards and mice to a USB port?
During which times does the value of the dollar typically decline?
What do anaerobic bacteria consume?
What is used in infrared photography to capture the near-infrared spectrum?
"During what decade did some British pubs provide ""a pie and a pint""?"
What does RItch SAvin-Williams propose in this paper?
How are bergschrunds different than crevasses?
How many miles of trails are in The Loop?
When was the first successful docking of a two man space crew?
How many Vice-Presidents serve under the President in Iran?
"In the U.S what does ""Cultural Studies"" focus largely on in this field?"
When will this extension end?
what amendment did the chairman of the FCC compare this ruling to?
When will the game be released in America?
Was there more than one racial class in the organized societies of the states of Myanmar?
"By the 1830's, how much of all cotton was processed in Lancashire?"
What book first contained the term biological diversity?
The largest sector of Greece's economy is what?
What was the name of Imperial's student newspaper?
How many high-tech enterprises are present in the Mianyang Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone ?
How many operations has the Canadian Military been part of since 1947?
Where was Blue Ivy born?
What type of bridge originated in China?
Where was the first movie projected for a paying audience in Paris?
What was Nigeria's population in 2009?
How do migrating birds navigate?
The record is part of what wind family?
What type of military vehicle was maintained almost 15 years but never saw any action during the Cuban crisis?
"What is quicker, a bipolar n-p-n transistor or a p-n-p transistor?"
"As a result of shows that the BBC itself creates, it is one of the biggest what?"
Name some of the county rivers
When were the Kallamaa prayers written?
What are alternative names the Thar Desert is known by?
What are the Bronx's four low peninsulas?
Which three early theorist helped shape sociology of culture?
What causes genetic pollution?
What was the winning score for the game with Real Madrid at Bernabeu stadium?
"In addition to entertainment events that take place after working hours, what profession might suffer because of DST?"
What is a single term of a Swazi development committee?
How much of Oklahoma's electricity comes from non-renewable sources?
Who was allowed to wear feather cloaks and palaoa in old school Hawaiian society?
Why did they destroy the nuclear reactor?
What group advises the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting?
For what instrument did Frédéric write primarily for?
The largest municipal healthcare in the US is what?
Why were the bison killed?
What areas of Spain do the teams of Barcelona and Real Madrid represent?
How is the reality of maya viewed in Vedanta?
Under what condition does voltage reversal occur in RLC circuits?
On what day did Kanye apologize for his ranting at the MTV Europe Awards?
The second most prominent religion in New York is what?
What are the DNA sequences from which ribozymes are transcribed known as?
For what amount did Shell agree to settle the 1996 lawsuits?
"Who wrote that ""John von Neumann's brilliant mind blazed over lattice theory like a meteor?"""
What was one thing the UK wanted in return for granting access to Bermuda?
What country ended up with Lie d'Orleans
How many Digimon movies have been released in Japan?
"In 1910, how many Dominicans were actively engaged in Order work?"
What other area fields were overshadowed by Greek influence ?
Who created the Intel 4004 microprocessor?
"There are two basic forms of data packet, what are they?"
What is a trait of a sophisticated stepper motor?
What stadium did protesters try to burn the U.S.  flag?
On what date was the encirclement of Paris complete?
What do many scholars regard the Late Middle Ages as the beginning of?
Who is the Anglican Bishop of Swaziland?
Who led the party to first climb Mount Erebus?
What is Iran's most advanced missile?
What did translators of this time assume was better than the actual text they were translating?
Where are the major settlements in the ceremonial county located?
Who was the moderator of the first debate between Kerry and Bush?
Who discovered X-Rays?
Who designed the Rialto Building in 1889?
"Along with UO2, what is the commonest form of uranium oxide?"
"In New York State, which party was the Bush/Cheney duo candidates of?"
What battle marked the beginning of significant antiaircraft warfare?
What does URL mean?
In what year did a European explorer first see the Marshall Islands?
What is the total force of the Canadian Forces?
"The terms ""Near East"" and ""Far East"" referring to areas of the globe in or contiguous to the former British Empire and the neighboring colonies fit together as a pair based on what?"
In what year was Russia declared an empire?
What other rights were equal to orthodox nobles?
In June 1989 who was Nintendo of America's vice president of marketing?
What did Romans use as decorations for their winter solstice celebration called Saturnalia?
Who discovered nuclear fission?
Who was the guitarist in the Kinks?
Who launched the first manned flight in a hot-air balloon in November 1783?
When did the Tertiary period begin?
Where did Von Neumann begin to lecture in 1928?
Which vitamin are the bacteria present in the gut responsible for producing?
What is considered a key part of interior design?
What do some hunting advocates assert that is indirectly reduced among animals when intraspecific competition has been reduced?
What action by a pub owner can result in his prosecution?
Who ratified the Accords?
What did the OKL insist on maintaining?
What type of teaching is provided at Indian madaris?
Who was he accused of harming?
What are the syntax characteristics of a text's source language adjusted to for a target language?
How much % of production does the public sector cover?
"On runways, what indicate the end of the runway?"
What type of tubes are generally used for sturdier always of antennas?
Transistors are typically made up of what today?
What were National Guard members considered before 1903?
On what date did the NTC announce Gaddafi's burial?
"Beliefs about one God; the virgin birth; miracles; atonement for sins through the death, burial, and bodily resurrection of Jesus are examples of what?"
What name did Southampton earn for its importance in creating a link to London?
In what year was the merger charter signed?
What pop singer did a duet with Beyoncé on Beautiful Liar?
Where is John Tyler Community College located?
Which singer was cited specifically as someone Frédéric was attracted to?
What was the reception of Darwin's ideas about evolution?
What institutions have been considered to take some its ideas from madaris?
Who was impressed by the demonstration of EMALS by General Atomics?
When did the Spanish-American war occur?
What category does the major farming production crop in Burma fall into ?
What was the longest line in the world during its time?
What variables help the photographer produce the desired effect?
What year did Cecil Woodham Smith writ Victorias biography?
What Universal-International film was about a talking mule?
Who suggested the hiatus for Beyoncé?
How close was time guessed in the day of the Gospels?
When did the Egyptian and Syrian armies launch a surprise attack against Israeli forces?
What is chemotrophy ?
What percent of the state is White?
What examinations do students prepare for in the sixth form?
What is the Glasgow Tower?
In general how many people attend these music concerts?
What do the Germans feel it inconsistent to confine gods within?
What is the Seattle newspaper as of 2010?
What antenna can the solid rod be viewed as a dipole antenna?
Are the separate religious factions in Burma able to peacefully coexist ?
What goes to the grave with Everyman in the morality play?
Some cultures treat dogs as what rather than companions?
How many videos per day were streamed as of January 2012?
From what ancient region did kuul application come?
What route does a migrating bird usually follow?
Who wrote the screenplay for the 1962 film?
How many double bass players were typically used in the Baroque orchestra?
"Who says they didn't kill Armenians as genocide, just because they were 'in the way of the war'?"
What is the international calling code for Saint Helena?
Which Journalist was sued for publishing discriminatory comments?
What is the term used for birds that concentrate time and effort on specific food items?
What is considered to be the world's first city?
Why do monarchs sometimes wear red?
What type of kings brought the Gothic style from France to Southern Italy?
Who manned the Cubs radio and TV booth for parts of five decades?
How long after the Permian-Triassic extinction did animal recovery take to completion?
In what plant were cells first discovered by microscope?
What was Jesus called since he was from Nazareth?
When did Catalan rulers broaden their territory to north of the Ebro River?
"In Iran's western Zagros Basin, what are the average daily temperatures during winter?"
What belief about ultimate punishment do Adventists disagree on?
Who was the only Arab leader not to attend Nasser's funeral?
How many colleges for undergraduates are at Notre Dame?
About how much capital did Accelerator raise as of the middle of 2014?
What did Bronck do?
Which company was selected to release the film?
Who wrote the Catholic Church's Condemnation of 1277?
What is a key type of Architecture in Somerset
"The term, the New Haven Approach was what exactly?"
Which ocean did the Suez Canal connect the Mediterranean to?
What year were the Magyars and Pechenges drug into the war?
Where does Cirque du Soleil go in Mexico City?
What is Michael Graham's profession?
What was the child's name?
In what year were the Waldensians labeled as heretics?
What do critics of the Jehovah's Witnesses accuse the religion's leaders of exercising over members?
What form of currency is the lilangeni fixed to?
"Who called American Idol ""the most impactful show in the history of television""?"
Dogs do not require a very high level of what when eating?
On what coast of Costa Rica is Limón Creole English spoken?
Name one actor that Madonna was inspired by?
Which year did To Kill a Mockingbird win the Pulitzer Prize?
What percentage of it's GDP was spent on defense in 1984?
Where is the Sweet Adelines HQ?
"Along with water vapor, what atmospheric substance primarily absorbs the infrared emitted by the Earth?"
How much of Brasilia's GDP is from Services?
Where do the merlin Falco columbarius migrate to?
How did two of Nasser's top aids respond to the new measures?
What is 'The Boogie Down'?
"Between 1500 and 1760, how many Europeans settled in Brazil?"
What was the percentage of Imperials research that was seemed to be 3*?
What foundation did Beyoncé start after Hurricane Katrina?
Madonna was born to which religion?
What did the European colonization forever change?
In what year did waves overcome the walls of the capital city?
Which Danish King was responsible for the Stockholm Bloodbath?
Which individual painted the inside of the Basilica of the Sacred Heart at Notre Dame?
What was the first year the Alexander Graham Bell Medal was given out?
"Right before his death, what kind of energy did he speculate about?"
When are symptoms of asthma normally worse?
In what year did France move into Alger?
Who took El Cid's position after his death?
What types of programs provide traditional Islamic teaching?
What was the period of time in which Johannes Aavik was alive?
"What does ""matarrucs"" mean?"
When did Louis the Child die?
"In Sufi thought, what experiences bring one closer to truth?"
Secret research and reports are things which should never be what?
What other title does the Dean of Collge of Cardinals receive upon appointment?
When was ZE Records founded?
Does a 6 month old have short term memory?
What interpretation became common in Unix systmes?
When is Kanye West's birthday?
How many new airplanes were the soviets getting in this agreement?
What must an infectious agent do to cause disease?
"In 2005, how many public employees did Portugal have for every thousand inhabitants?"
How many MP were elected in the 1910 election?
How many consecutive elections did the Lyons Government win?
"When Weld was re-elected governor, how much of the vote did he get?"
What is shariah?
A small minority of Somalis belong to what branch of Islam?
What are other signs of dehydration?
How many published volumes of American reports were released in 1810?
Are transactions limited?
What is the term for the experience dominating primitive organisms that have a sense for fate?
How are most LEDs classified?
What was launched in 1987 under the name Audicom?
Who was Alfonso III's third son and what area did he receive?
Where did Weissenbach and his colleagues work?
What can happen when antibiotics are used with other drugs?
How many species of game fish have hunting seasons?
What was the one ingredient of traditional English ale?
Why has Botswana been forced to ban trophy hunting altogether?
How much money has GE said it will invest in 2008 for clean technology R&D?
Where is the Central African Republic located?
What is the native term for prime minister in Scandinavia?
What supported the GL carpet?
What is an Indvuna as it relates to the Parliament of Swaziland?
What hospital in New Haven provides notable cardiac emergency care?
What is the number of non-white citizens in the United States?
Who led the first government of the RSFSR?
What is another term for master mason?
How many people are in the original Digimon?
"Since the start of the war on Terrorism, attacks on US service members have occurred in which two US states?"
What video formats are supported for UPnP streaming?
The rise in level of prices in an economy is referred to as what?
Where were valuables evacuated to during the war?
Was Portugal on the side of France or Britain?
What parts of Cork's defense remain today?
What is a Russian word used to describe a Jew?
"What program handled ""essential aliens"" that did not fall under normal immigration policies?"
Which ancient hero brought the lares cult to Rome?
What happened to Joseph I in 1758?
Who was proud that Hong Kong still has brave people speaking out?
How did military families gain prestige?
What was Jef Raskin's profession?
How many households were the offices of Qianhu in charge of?
"Along with R&B, pop and rock, what genre of music is represented on modern soft AC stations?"
Musical forms for dance began to standardize during what era?
Who struck his parents with an arrow?
What organization commented on the deal between EMC and Dell?
Where is the source of the Yangtze river?
"How far is Nanjing from Shanghai, in miles?"
What areas were being explored by others in  by sea faring vessels and when are they believed to have arrived  ?
Who founded the Free Software Foundation?
What is believed to have caused many civilian casualties from anti-aircraft guns?
How many grapes are generally in a cluster?
Who were the Generality Lands governed by?
What type of penalty was made for unlawful performances that are willful and for profit?
On what date was the Apollo 16 successful on landing on the Moon?
What endospore-forming bacteria can cause tetanus disease?
During whose rule was the use of Old Akkadian at its peak?
What did the characters use to transform themselves into special Digimons?
FireWire 400 is faster than what?
From what kind of transportation has Seattle been moving away?
Sinhalese buddhist reformer portrayed what Canon as the original version of scripture?
What gallery in Southampton houses a Designated Collection?
When did Hanover become a comparitvely large town?
What did the documents that were aired during the 60 Minutes segment come to be known as?
When did the BeiDou-2 begin construction?
Early writers linked orientation to what concept?
In what year was Edmond Rostand's L'Aiglon written?
On what day did Gorbachev give up the presidency of the Soviet Union?
How long was the upheval of the first Intermediate period?
What is an important goal in in this final stage?
What type of licence does a manager need?
Which arrangement was used for Cook's version of Billie Jean?
Which park does 27th Street pass through between Ninth and Tenth Avenues?
What was the game in feudal territory was used as?
What was the name of the new commander Kanmu appointed in the year 797?
When did Andragoras proclaim his independence?
What year did the Football Association form?
"What do people who eat dog meat consider Western culture, since people there do eat many different animals?"
How many votes were cast during the final week?
Beyonce had an all-female tour band whose name was what?
What are annelids' cuticles made out of?
Which french emperor gained possession of Longwood house and the land surrounding it?
Who were not identified by name on the census before the civil war?
Napoleon wrote his family's succession into the constitution in an attempt to prevent the restoration of what former ruling family?
What type of church is Northwestern University associated with?
Which disease was vitamin C claimed to help prevent?
Villa stepped out of whose foreign policy?
What viewpoint did the book Socialism shift Hayek toward?
What mountain range makes up the coolest part of North Carolina?
What kind of final devoicing does the language have?
"By using LEDs, scanners do not have to what?"
"In languages like Thai and Icelandic, tenuis and aspirated consonants are what?"
What are the ranging signals of the BeiDou system based on?
When did John Von Neuman die?
What was another name for the Great Man-Made River?
What is taken as the basis of an analysis?
In what year did the Ottoman Empire declare bankruptcy?
In what forms of government are leaders not held to the same laws as ordinary citizens?
How might a wrestler attempt to break a submission hold?
The same team of mosaicists worked on the Church of the Holy Apostles in Thessaloniki as which other building?
When was the original iPod released?
What is the word for the kind of relationship in which a plant depend on a single type of insect?
How much was casino revenue in 2013?
Out of one million how many people could be viewed with significant impact politically?
Who did members of Einstürzende Neubauten also collaborate with?
What independent station is in San Diego?
What did the Chief Justice decide?
Where did Maurice Thorez go after deserting the Army?
Where do foreign heads of stay at Buckingham Palace?
Where does Bern rank in population in Switzerland?
Who revolutionized modern Russian?
"Compared to the Ordovician glaciation, how big were the ice caps on Gondwana during the Silurian?"
What sea was the Anglo-French naval squadron sent to?
What might have a very hot earth stopped from occurring?
At what rank was IBM rated as a global brand by Interbrand?
When did the American groups begin to really get in on the post-punk movement?
Which animal serves as a symbol throughout the book?
What is the name of the Parish located in the City of Hamilton?
"Had the FDIC disallowed IndyMac from acquiring new brokered deposits on this date, the threat of brokered deposit losses would have been $500 million a month?"
What recent improvements has served to enhance the walking experience?
When were plans for city expansion drawn?
How many Oscar nominations did 'Munich' get?
With whom was a complaint lodged alleging breach of guidelines in accuracy after the incident involving Queen Elizabeth II?
What are some gene products?
Who was elected as President in 2005?
Is an adolescent's mental health at its best when their feelings of autonomy match closely with their parents or when they are at odds?
"What was the next biggest competitor for television viewers, next to the debate?"
Who made up the bulk of the administrators of the new government monopolies?
What was the magnitude of the Nisqually quake?
What prize did To Kill a Mockingbird win?
How much weight is permitted on a low capacity elevator?
What percentage of Bostons public students are African American?
Which Austrian political party did Popper join as a youth?
Roughly how many same-sex couples were there?
To whom was the Delos sanctuary dedicated?
What effect did the establishment of the kingdom of Macedonia have on Greece?
"What does ""Hoogduits"" translate to in English?"
What do doctors usually do when a patient seems to want antibiotics even though they may not be right?
When did surface-mount become a commonly used manufacturing process?
"In millimeters, how much precipitation does New York receive a year?"
When did Demetrius take control of Athens?
How long was the stadium closed?
How much money has the traditional Northwestern Dance Marathon raised for children's charities?
A mammal's brain is how many times larger than a reptiles relative to body size?
In what year was Marshall Field and company established?
What position did Eisenhower informally hold?
"Avani Hotels and resorts is a chain resort in Windhoek, what is another?"
Who raised the United States Volunteers?
What year did HNIC begin being broadcasted on CBC?
Which publications reported some issues with the graphics of Twilight Princess?
What team did the New York CityHawks become after moving to Hartford?
List the two names of Gaddafi's coup.
In which city did many Italians attempt to proffer their services to the Prussian embassy?
"Convention, protocol, and agreement are examples of examples of different kinds of what that can create confusion about a treaty?"
Who plays male roles in Yueju?
How many people in Spain and Gibraltar are Spanish speakers?
When was Saint Helena first settled?
What percent of families fall below the poverty line?
What group did Hayek form with three other people?
When was San Diego's current charter adopted?
What were the attendance estimates from non governmental groups?
Who was the last Safavid ruler who was defeated in 1722 by the Pashtuns in Isfahan?
How much were the grants for
Extra time has two periods which each are how long in minutes?
What term was inspired by the attacks on Kerry?
What religious festival did Romulus found?
What kind of biographies did Nasser read?
Where is the starting point of the terminus line in New Haven?
Which strip is known for its numerous nightclubs and lounges?
What is the code for separating paragraphs?
What is the range of power ratings for incandescent bulbs?
What are two economic issues faced by the Congolese government?
What neighborhoods does Southeast Raleigh have?
When was Houston founded?
How many inhabitants live within Valencia's limits?
What as a drawback of previous connectors?
When was green associated with the romantic movement in literature and art?
What was another reason for populations moving?
Who defended the base at Balaclava?
When were the Serranos Towers constructed?
What is another term occasionally used to refer to A cappella?
What are the closest relatives of the deinonychosaurs?
What is Paris' top tourist attraction?
What is found at Room 128a of the Victoria & Albert Museum?
Who traded slaves into the Middle East?
Where did Italy start using the AC system?
Why did the term house become popular?
"IBM created a school house in 1933, what was its name?"
Who does the AMC forces usually retain their componency to?
Who persuaded the king to lock the wine cellars during WWI?
When did President Reagan withdraw marines from Lebanon?
What other Indian states does it sell hydroelectricity to?
There are over 80 societies throughout the world that have been established because of Chopin and his music according to who?
The hollow worked stones lamps found in Lascaux caves date back how far?
Why had German raids decreased between 1916-1918?
What are people with high quantities of Amerindian ancestry grouped as?
What is La Encantada?
In what year did battle over the Suez Canal commence?
Corruption raises the cost of business because of illegal payments in what sector?
On average children attain how many years of education?
"What political party was Charles, Marquess of Rockingham in?"
What pest is the greatest threat to Samoan crops?
What kinf of explanation does De Rerum Natura provide for phenomena?
"In the US, what kind of tuner is needed for residents to receive free, over the air programming?"
What is the name of the youtube feature that removes ads and allows downloading movies?
At what age did Bell ask for a middle name?
"According to several scholars, what prevented markets from correctly pricing risk before the crisis?"
Where did she receive the news that she was to be queen?
Who also struggled to follow Whitehead's writings?
What is a transistor made of?
Where is the Storm Prediction Center located?
Where is there legislation that prohibits child labour?
Where can one find the San Diego Zoo?
Why did Blacks move to Detroit in the middle if the 20th century?
"What are the giant, gaudily painted effigies of phalluses made of?"
What is the only city that had a lower vaccination rate for children than Hyderabad in the 2005 National Family Health Survey?
When was Tucson's record low?
For how many years was Saint Athanasius of Alexandria a bishop?
Which part of the county is rural and sparsely populated?
What did The Sun fear would result from election of the Labour Party?
What is the point of near field communications?
"In what year did Sultan Selim I order the massacre of 40,000 people whom he considered heretics?"
What was the Revolution Society commemorating?
What is the name of Norfolk Island's only TV station?
What special wooden utensils do many people use to eat Chinese takeout?
What graduate student of Holonyak created the yellow LED?
What color was the sacrifice mandated to be for heaven deities?
Videophone calls are different from videoconferencing in what way?
In how many square miles of ocean around the world are sharks protected?
What stunned neutral observers about the end of the war?
What country did Kerry discuss with Parolin?
The churches of which desert decorated their monasteries with mosaics?
There are two hockey teams located in NYC. What are they?
What sorts of ships were based in Davenport?
Do bantams lay regular sized eggs ?
What religion was spread to China through Sanskrit translations?
In what year was the measles vaccine made?
Is there an official language of the United States?
Who was the first monarch to reside at Buckingham Palace?
What are two examples of groups that allow you to make copies of protected works?
"Plitical strife, popularity decline, instability of era and fewer students caused Chopin to what?"
Avoiding drugs and using condoms are other forms of what?
Modern Baptist churches trace their history to what movement?
At what time are drivers in New York most likely to experience traffic jams?
Whom did Braque and Picasso aim their works at?
Where does London rank in terms of the world's largest cities?
What is different about the use of Greek language today as opposed to the language of the past ?
When did Torii Mototada die?
The Slavs were asked to accept the suzerainty of whom?
When did John die?
What style is Gothic?
How many millions of tonnes are uranium are regarded as mineral resources?
What is the term for the center hole in a CD?
The custom of designating areas of Jewish settlement with biblical names meant that Spain was referred to as what?
In 1849 where did Chopin live?
What birth date is now considered correct for Chopin?
"New Haven has a large immigrant population, what seems to be one of the main cause of it throughout the last century?"
President Bonaparte was declared what in France?
What companies finished much of the sequencing of the D genome?
What what was the name of the subsidiary working in Germany during World War 2?
What is one consequence of modifying radicals?
"What term is interchangeable with ""active"" when talking about tuberculosis infection?"
What transforms nuclear potential energy to other forms of energy?
"For freshman enrolling in the class of 2019, what was the interquartile range on the SAT for math?"
How many small states covered the Ganges Plain of India?
What are some of the local jargon used in Greek speaking?
"Who commented on New York that ""culture just seems to be in the air, like part of the weather""?"
What new agency did Bush create after 9/11?
Who is usually responsible for early stages of drug discovery?
What events of significance to human development occurred during the Bronze Age ?
Who ruled the southern parts of Estonia?
What was the literacy rate of Rajasthan in 1991?
Where has a celebration recently gained acclaim?
k
What does the Unicode Roadmap Commmittee do?
For which company did C. Robert Fine work for?
What would you describe the shape of the football?
"Compared to hickory and ash, what adjective might be used for a maple baseball bat?"
Who carries floral arrangements of penis-like veggies?
What company produced nylon and acrylic in the 1930s and 1940s?
How many restaurants is New York home to?
Which commissioner reads the formal closing statement to the assention ceremony?
Where did Kerry's paternal grandparents immigrate from?
How many times did Barcelona win the Copa del Rey?
Who was taken prisoner at the Battle of Manzikert?
What caused a temporary exodus from Nueva Vizcaya?
"Along with ""The Action Track,"" what is a nickname of Southside Speedway?"
What is the name of the 1991 book by Paul Davies and John Gribbins?
What didn't Dobrovský think Czech had a chance of returning as?
When were the Roman cardinals perceived as a privleged class among the Roman clergy?
Who were the beats Kanye made in the 90's originally intended for?
Which explorer did Cabot make a mistake similar to?
What has a different significance in various languages?
What mountain range is north of Tucson?
When was the Cochinchina Campaign?
What was the percentage of Greeks in the Cyprus population?
When does the passion of Jesus fall?
Who first developed consumer HD television with a 5:3 aspect ratio?
"In the chronology of academic institutions, where are Christian cathedral schools compared to universities?"
Christians are the majority in how many countries and territories in the world today?
"Who wrote an essay in 1945 that proposed a ""new approach?"""
The first Permanent Colony in Florida is Now known as
Why are there so few surviving mosaics from the Komnenian period?
What is Galicia's surface area in sq/km?
To what does Matorell's work show a transition?
Bismarck desired an early piece but lacked what in the negotiation process?
Christians make up what percentage of the population of Norfolk Island?
What specific fact do Christians believe about death?
In what part of the world is daytime shorter in winter and longer in summer?
"Although ""Superstorm Sandy"" left minimal damage to any of the tourist areas it did cause what two other things to occur?"
"This season, the winner won a recording contract with what company?"
Write operations to typical Hi-Speed hard drives can what?
By how much were Franc Zone currencies devalued in January of 1994?
Where were the Mongols trying to raise?
In what regions concepts was the Ottoman economic system based on?
The final product of reconstruction is known as what?
"Besides avoiding government controls, what other reason could they have?"
What was the private issuance of CDOs in 2009?
"Along with animals, what is depicted on the rock paintings of Laas Geel?"
How did styles disseminate before Georgian architecture?
Who did Atari attempt to force ceasing production of games for its system?
When did Canada get its first police?
What at the main Hokkioen urban centers?
Who did Kangxi fight?
Where does the state's name mean?
A mammal's brain is how many times larger than a birds relative to body size?
How long does the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo last?
What was the name under scholarly publications of Chopin's work form 1937 to 1966?
What year was the largest Presbyterian denomination brought to Mizoram?
What are three of the most common birds in the British Isles?
Why did the Mongol princes ask for titles?
How many periods of geology are within the Paleozoic era?
What did the court's decision argue that the separation of church and state could never be?
Which console sold the most units in the seventh generation era?
What was Florida named in 2011
What was the name of Beyoncé's second solo album?
What is the most prominent religion in New Haven?
Which Nigerian leader decided Nigeria would return to democracy in 1990?
To what part of official state sacrifices did the Vestals attend?
What was the percentage increase of the high school completion rate for African Americans between 1975 and 1990?
On which date did FIFA request that all European leagues reduce the number of teams within themselves to 18?
What subjects were Kristjan Jaak Peterson poems on?
What was the policy of increasing nuclear weapons while decreasing conventional forces called?
Approximately how many French men and horses froze to death on the night of 8/9 November?
How much would a Concourse Yard platform cost?
What type of people were ousted from Nasser's cabinet?
This band with a flower in their name was influenced by Queen?
What Whig was prime minister during Victoria's accession?
What organization did Shaykh Muhammad Alsahareef start?
How many modern Portugese words have Arabic origins?
"After all cars go to the lobby, what is the next step?"
When was Westminster Abbey a cathedral?
What year was the movie Frozen released?
Who laid the foundation stone of New Delhi?
Who built the famous decorated havelis in Rajasthan?
Poor rule by what class of people strained the empire?
Where did Weissenbach and his colleagues work?
Which college where the Cambridge Rules written at?
What was Libya's GDP in 1969?
When was the Massey conference held?
Secretary Clinton also calls the implementation of official diplomacy of the United States what?
What color were attendees asked to not wear at Bell's funeral?
Who is Edward's mother?
What type of industry thrives in Settle?
How many bells make up the abbey ring?
Who was nominated for Vice President during the 1964 Democratic National Convention?
When did Japan take over Indochina?
What was the trade name of epinephrine?
On July 28 2013 what type of elections were held?
When was the Wycliffe Bible translated?
How many million square miles was the Umayyad caliphate at its largest size?
How much has west Antarctica warmed per decade in the last 5o years?
Why didn't LaserDisk gain popularity in North America?
What is the city's per capita GDP?
When was the Summer Consumer Electronics Show held?
Which of the two first works addresses pagan practices?
What can possibly predict the future orientation a persons sexual idenity?
Why is this specific antenna type used?
"Besides meetings, for what other use is the meeting hall used?"
What provides a degree of protection from interference with the USB signal?
In what type of network are most scientific research studies conducted in Portugal?
What was the problem with chimneys in the palace?
In what year did Louis die?
What is the civil disobedience caused by the railroad worker's strike called?
How much more water should pregnant women consumed compared to an average non - pregnant woman?
How many Tuvaluan men are active seafarers?
What was the average temperature for July 2011?
What was the average net household income in Paris in 2011?
What is the more popular name of Lindbergh Field?
What was the Libyan coup called at first?
"Aside from skills, what is required in order to have the means for building?"
How did Gaddafi announced his leadership?:
Companies including Viacom and Mediaset have done what against youtube?
Which two types of antibiotics target the cell wall?
Which territory did Margaret Thatcher compare Hong Kong to?
What name describes the combined body of all Estonia military?
Who does the senior leadership roles in the USAF include?
In what year was André de Lorde and Gyp's Napoléonette written?
"Along with Efford, where else does the Plymouth City Council operate a cemetery?"
Which dynasty became ruler of Tibet?
"In degrees Celsius, what is the average January temperature in Miami?"
"In 2006, which team helps secure a truce during a civil war?"
What famous lampmaker used glass?
Which work narrowly escaped seizure and had to be saved by Malesherbes?
"What is a ""Unitised Scheme""?"
What year is the video game Digimon Story: Cyber Sleuth set to be released?
What is a FBI branch divided into?
In what year was Apple given rights to the iPod name?
What is nonverbal communication?
Who does Betrand Russell started the schism that lead to the Enlightenment?
Why can Bermudian blacks trace their ancestry back over centuries in Bermuda?
What is Nanjing surrounded by?
UI redress attack or User Interface redress attack is also known as what?
What elementary school did Nasser attend?
Who is the prime minister of Tajikistan?
In what borough is Fort Hamilton located?
Who was on the other end of the first cross country phone call?
How many pounds of PCBs are estimated to be retained in the sediment behind Woods Pond dam?
What is usually dropped for the commercial naming of an HDTV product?
What are the degrees of Freemasonry?
What is the centerpiece of Mexico City's markets
What did German crew members face if they were shot down over Britain?
When was the earliest writing in Old East Slavonic?
When is the next hypothetical mission to Neptune?
Who did Bradley sell salt water taffy to for the first time?
What does this secretion system transport?
In what decade was Internet video-conferencing made possible?
What developed along with the music developments of post-punk?
"Because of Columbus' mistake, the Americas came to be known as what?"
Which ideas had little criticism for the most part?
What important protein helped with expansion of the inhabitants?
Which actor also attended the celebrations?
Where ducks ever used as a type of commerence in the world?
What minority nationality is most common?
How many governments are apart of federalism?
How does an NPO have to handle surplus money?
When did this popular view come to be?
When was the ascent of the Matterhorn?
In what year was the name Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic adopted?
What is the range for the length of fields for non international matches in meters?
What year was the Presidential Proclamation lifted?
Most eusocial insects lead what kind of life once becoming an adult?
How much money did Spectre gross after four weekends in China?
What Tennessee cities are connected by I-269?
The stategy that Bush used against Kerry was compared to what other similar strategy in the past?
Who created the argument for deep time?
Why did Schumann say the Poles were in mourning?
How much has the Cherokee Preservation Foundation spent on schools?
What are some species that use social predation to prey on animals much larger than themselves?
How many main types of dogs are there?
What do followers of Jesus call themselves in the Indian subcontinent?
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?
How much of the proposed act must be currently read aloud on St John's Day?
How many sexes of annelids were there originally?
What kind of classes are not offered in Mittelschule?
What is the total land area of Tuvalu?
To whom was Freemasonry most attractive?
When did new construction start in Melbourne?
Which bands were on the forefront of industrial music?
Who was the executive vice governor?
How did Gaddafi view the elite?
What was the 1733 population of Plymouth Dock?
How long have Puerto Ricans been U.S. citizens?
How many non-geostationary orbit satellites will the BeiDou-2 system have?
Who was responsible for Star Wars?
"According to some, what was Ibn Sina trying to do regarding his works?"
When did the nationwide strike by air traffic controlers union happen?
What is able to break bonds in ingested molecules?
What outlines the ongoing implementation of the Cyber Security Strategy?
What killed about 2500 people in the 17th century?
The Guinness World record was credited to which production designer?
When were chronometers available for accurate location charting?
What percentage of the black population thought affirmative action should be abolished?
Why has Cyprus been sought out by offshore businesses?
22 Percent of NYC's total wages are from what industry?
Who did King William IV hired to finish the work after Nash was fired?
Stimulants lead humans to overestimate what?
While the company was  giving an indefinite period when renewing thier charter what clause did King james use to make sure the company stayed profitable
What magazine did Bell found alongside Hubbard?
What is one issue that can arise from overuse of antibiotics?
In what year did glassmaking begin in Asia?
Puritans are described by Gourley as what?
"In dirhams, what was the yearly cost of the Iraqi postal service when Yusuf bin Umar was governor?"
What period ended towards the end of the 18th century?
"Among television markets in Florida, where dies Miami rank?"
Who was Victoria's literary executer?
Madonna is recognize as the best selling female music artiste by who?
How do most birds mate?
Ethiopia and Qing Dynasty China were both able to prevent European powers from doing what to their agreements?
What political philosophy did Nasser adopt?
The Fujiwara and other noble families became richer during which century?
What post did Lord Chatfield hold until 1940?
What was the early name for the Arsenal FC?
How would you describe a current that has maximum efficiency?
What term is used for predators and prey being well suited to hunt and evade each other?
What desktop did Apple release after the discontinued Power Macintosh G3?
What was the name of Kanye's 2008 music tour?
Which composer played there on three occasions?
What theaters are at North Carolina State University?
What are the descriptions for?
How many ships did Greece's navy have in the late 1970s?
How many fire bombs were dropped per minute?
Which students go into the Augmented Foundation Programme?
What blockade against Japan  was to be improved on?
Who agreed to turn the United Provinces into a protectorate of England?
To how many homes is the Premier League broadcast to?
What do the 15 oak leaves on the anniversary crest indicate?
Part of what study is the census of Antarctic marine life?
In what state did the largest American mass execution occur?
When did the Bronx Museum of the Arts open?
Why would someone attempt to unite two different databases?
What is the portion of something that is reached by the radio transmission called?
The US involvement in the Korean War was important to achieving what goal?
Which Greek painter experimented in chiaroscuro?
Which country lies on Congo's northeast border?
"What can not be undertaken n Security, at Immigration/Customs or in Baggage Reclaim?"
What is the definition of paramanu in Hindu philosophy?
In which year did Whitehead relocate to America?
When was the case against Tulisa tried?
How many of his bishop's decisions did Paul VI end up enacting?
When was the Permian–Triassic extinction event?
How many protesters filled Lenin Square on August 19th?
The first satellite launched into space used what rocket?
What kind of property is copyright used for?
What institution of tertiary education is known as NAMS?
The Londre Centre for Nanotechnology was a joint effort between UCL and which college?
What is considered the start of the Grecian cultural world ?
What highways is King Street in downtown Charleston?
What is an important industry in Israel?
Where was the Australian and Dutch guerilla campaign led?
John sent William Longespee to retake what?
Who was injured during Everton's record attendance match against Liverpool in 1948?
How many of Oklahoma's 2007 undergrads completed their degree?
When did the Mamluk Sultan Baybars convert to the Cave of Patriarchs?
What does the Spanish ibex eat?
What has to occur for a player in association football to be shown a red penalty card?
The representative said that inspectors had been show what sort of villages?
"At what location was the ""Flying Chair"" installed in 1845?"
Bell was the second president of what magazine?
What is Charleston's oldest community theater group?
Which church was established in Kodiak in 1795?
What popular soap opera has the BBC televised since 1985?
"Who opposed Victoria marrying Albert, or any Coburg?"
Where did it open?
What document teaches that Jesus' brothers and sisters were older children of Joseph from a previous marriage?
How many North Carolinians from the west fought for the union Army?
Who has rejected Wilmsen's arguments?
In what year did the Motion Picture Production Code cease?
What year did the Singing Revolution occur?
"Prior to his work in America, where was Joe Pasternak employed?"
What program at Washington University ranks first in the 2016 in the U.S. News & World Reports rankings?
"In the 1840s, what country could no longer adequately supply the British cotton mills?"
Who organized the Concert for the People of Kampuchea?
How long did Cerón spend on Los Jardines?
What is Plymouth Synagogue's listed grade?
Under what agreement did the Australian government support the US?
How long did it take for madaris to spread to smaller cities and towns?
What are USB devices required to enter?
What 1350 writer stated that cotton was produced by sheep that grew on trees?
What does rubato mean?
Which Scottish professor believes that Masons were not a major radical or reformist network in their own right?
The period of time from 1200 to 1000 BCE is known as what?
When was the Compass-M1 satellite launced?
"In what work did Ferguson explain how humans advanced from a hunting and gathering society to a commercial and civil society without ""signing"" a social contract?"
How many phases of matter are there?
When does Carnival typically begin in the Netherlands?
What does this allow riders to do at the top?
"When did Procopius write that ""the Sclaveni and the Antae actually had a single name in the remote past; for they were both called Spori in olden times.""?"
What was Triangle Transit called before?
What was the dominant sacred musical form in the early 13th century?
What forms are mutually intelligible?
What title did the emperor hold in Mongolia?
What city was Bell born in?
What did the United States do in response to the reform changes of the 2010 Burma elections ?
What was Strasbourg known as in the local language in the ninth century?
When was the 'Treatise on the Police' published?
When was the Paymaster General Act passed?
What about Beyonce has influenced many entertainers?
What was the name of the innkeeper at the Spread Eagle in the 1920s?
The Qing dynasty lasted through what time period?
Where did Joy Division hail from?
When did Kerry become a lieutenant?
Which type of geographical district became more powerful in Tennessee politics following the 1962 Supreme Court decision?
About how many public schools are there in New York City?
What are the Bronx's four low peninsulas?
What parts of India shaped the demands of the people for nationalism?
What is the largest mammal to live in the highest altitudes?
What's the name for the pretty coloring effect caused in some wood by rot-producing fungi?
What is the first Nidana?
How many shares of berkshire hathway was pledged as a donation
Which traditional branches of the military does Burma have?
What connects Santa Fe and the southwestern part of the city?
Who was the runner up this season?
With whom did Chopin perform his final concert?
What does the Greek phrase that is inscribed on the pages of an open book on the seal mean?
What are Lipananahay?
Who did samurai wives have to teach?
"In its simplified inflectional grammar, what language is Dutch similar to?"
Bell thought the photophone was better than what famous invention?
Why did Kim Il-Sung redeploy his military troops?
What will IBM use to analyze weather and make predictions?
Dominic's education helped him to overcome who?
What hinders schooling for child labourers?
How many Grammy Awards has Kanye West won?
What does SDTV stand for?
What does a video-conference use that allows communication in live situations?
What was one of the first alloys used by humans?
How long has Nanjing been considered the education hub of southern China?
What is Rodman's Neck between?
How is bud development determined?
How many jobs were gained in 2014?
What does Link obtain that gives him control over his transformations?
Buyers were often deceived when precious metals were mixed with?
When do the processions occur after?
What is not adjustable when it comes to a transformer?
What was the title of the added track in Love Songs?
"Besides semisytetic modifications, what advances in medicinal chemistry regarding antibacterials?"
what is a solution to the placement of combining marks?
In which city do Hidalgo's remains lie?
What types of parks receive special protection against damage or degradation?
What is the name of the Residential College that houses students with an interest in science and engineering?
Which offshoot had little in common with Cubism?
Who was the first leader of Libya?
What nationality is Charles Aznavour?
"In 1985, how many people were murdered in Richmond?"
What exists in nearly all avian lineages?
To which two people did Gorbachev grant membership into the Politburo for his own reasons?
"In dirhams, what was the yearly cost of the Iraqi postal service when Yusuf bin Umar was governor?"
Who was Sir Keith Murray?
Despite all the propaganda that ws presented to the East Prussians what did German populations want within the country?
Why was it natural to have Ford Motor Company based in Cork?
What is cotton wool called in the US?
Which area contains the Prudhoe Bay Oil Field?
What was the main flaw of San Diego's original location?
The reviewer from Variety compares Spectre to which other Bond movie?
When did usage of Middle Persian script fall off?
Which countries did the RSFSR border on the northwest?
Why did Russia move towards the warmer ports of the Black Sea?
When did CBC shut down its analogue transmitter?
What discovery caused the model that one gene makes one protein to be refined?
What terms did Katie Hopkins use to describe migrants to Britain?
What actions does karma refer to in Buddhism?
In which Portugese region is there still visible English influence?
Why can one find thousands of anthropological references to the topics?
Beyonce's first modelling event was at where?
Who is still looking for compensation and justice?
What act was put in place during the Napoleonic wars and the war of 1812?
Where was the water brought from by the friars' supply system?
Which river in Thuringia is the most important?
What did 'samorapu' mean?
What year did Victoria fall down the stairs at Windsor?
What did the creation of the Canada Not-for-Profit Corporations Act mean for NPOs?
Projects to renew the city were put into place by what?
What did name did Claudius Ptolemy (Greco-Egyptian scientist) use for Ireland?
Which parts of the city of Detroit are densely populated?
"Aside from Gary Gilmore, how many people were executed in the United States between January 17, 1977 and 1984?"
What two levels of crime are there?
When was the Italian Armenian monastery founded?
"In the chronology of academic institutions, where are Christian cathedral schools compared to universities?"
When did the Great Famine happen?
What album made her a worldwide known artist?
What became publicly available on 6 December 1991?
What victory in 1800 secured Napoleon's political power?
What king ruled Persia in 520 BC?
Who suggested that hydride anions existed?character does the H atom have in a hydride?
How long did the suppression of time clues study last?
How many Namibian students were recorded in 1998 in secondary schools?
By what year were three empires gone?
What does the abbreviation OECD expand to?
What type of people were ousted from Nasser's cabinet?
Miniature paintings of the Ottoman empire featured what kind of subjects?
What general had a lot of confidence in the Republic of Korea's army?
What does CSA stand for?
What type of campus did Northwestern begin construction of during Walter Dill Scott's presidency?
The British army was considered to be what by Walter Ulbricbht?
What portion of Rajasthan is east and south of the Aravalli Range?
Which law established Glasgow's police?
What is the foundational document of affective computing?
"In the nominative, genitive, partitive, illative, inessive, elative, allative, adessive, ablative, translative cases what always agrees with the noun in number and case?"
Which bowl game is held in Detroit?
Who is the highest-ranking official in the People's Government of Zhejiang?
What superphylum are vertebrates in?
How many metric tons of uranium oxide was used in Chicago Pile-1?
What did Darwin consider that could explain why different regions could have such different species when they are close together?
At which intersection does E 122nd Street terminate?
What was considered a deep flaw of Georgian architecture?
What empire did Babur found in northern India?
Were the Ashkenazim thought to be a subset or superset of their assumed geographical source population?
In what building did Patrick Henry give his famous speech?
What manager was appointed to lead Arsenal in 1925?
Who attacked and plundered Delhi in 1737?
During what span were the Marshall Islands first settled?
What other types of operas are performed in Nanjing?
"As opposed to physical objects, what did Whitehead believe reality is composed of?"
What percentages does the city Bike transportation mode's target?
What was the Meija era marked by?
When did John meet the rebel leaders at Runnymede?
In what year did the nation of George get a new national flag?
Where is Topshop located?
Who created the Armenian alphabet?
In 1961 who became the president of IBM?
"If Broca were alive today, what would his profession be?"
The five boroughs of New York City are named what?
What was the name of the monastery that was discovered in 1930?
What kind of compression is used?
What is the focus of the guna for negativeness and destruction?
What was one of the issues with setting a single HDTV standard?
Which two fleets returned to Kronstadt?
"When was the Canada Corporations Act, Part II repealed?"
Being a non-muslim in the Empire resulted in what as it related to taxes?
What was the Monte Carlo method?
"What member of leadership at the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria called TB a ""pandemic""?"
Which theology did everyone agree science was a part of in the 19th century?
What is the history of arts and humanities called?
Why did the committee consider a 8 bit code?
What is the most efficient yellow phosphor?
What percent of coursework is done at the business school by undergraduate students at Washington University?
"How many people were killed in the incendry attack on Tokyo on March 9-10, 1945?"
Mayday and Thomas Barnett released what hit in 1987?
Who was the first president of the ECB?
What percent of the Bronx has mixed Caucasian and Native American heritage?
When was Spielberg added to the Science Fiction Hall of Fame?
What abbreviation would the IPC use for an assembled circuit board?
What was the nobles guarantee that his throne would be inherited by his sons?
Where did the radio interception orders to U.S> Hellcat fighters come from?
How much did ARV drugs cost patients yearly?
Where is the Cornell University/Technion-Israel Institute of Technology located?
Where is the resistance seen on the loading foil?
Which Quranic verse describes Moses' encounter with God at the mountain?
Where did most of the current earthworms in glacial areas come from?
"According to Human Rights Watch, how many prisoners were killed on June 29, 1996?"
How long did IBM use liquid cleaning agents for circuit board manufacturing?
When was NCAZ opened?
Which scientist's study theorized that the idea of Darwin's work being delayed dates to the 1940s?
Throughout history there have been a series of what in the area to allow for better communication?
The success of what program has made Israel one of seven countries capable of launching satellites?
Of what was Magadha one of sixteen?
Who gets to interview and question prospective board members?
The members of what class were priests in ancient Rome?
Tamudic schools are known as what?
Which Apple device has the ability to sync with iTunes via the phone network?
When was the Compagnies Republicaines de Securite formed?
What honor did Feynman recieve in a 1999 poll conducted by British Journal Physics World?
What percent of Chinese Filipinos in the Philippines spoeak Hokkien?
There has been a reunification of contemporary house with what?
When was Bertie Mee become manager of Arsenal?
Why did the one-party government struggle after the major earthquake in 1985?
What must be precise in order to create this signal at output?
"Other than Thomson Consumer Electronics, Fraunhofer Society and CNET, who else was a part of the joint proposal?"
In the time that Hesburgh was president of Notre Dame by what factor did the operating budget increase?
North Korea is often listed among the worst offenders in the world in what regard?
What does the activity of antibacterials depends on?
What year did the patent for lateral cut discs expire?
What happened soon after the massive credit crunch hit?
What are the two branches of the Cordilleran system?
What is the most visited art museum in the world?
What did the Air Force believe they could avoid if they carried out effective day missions?
What is the most common reason for software failure?
"What did the volume ""Credit Correlation: Life After Copulas"" propose models to rectify?"
How much revenue did Apple announce for Q2 2007?
22 Percent of NYC's total wages are from what industry?
Why did Cubans come to the United States?
Which team participated in the 2008 FIRS World Championship?
How can historical changes in the environment be detected?
What political theory did Eisenhower use to oppose McCarthy?
What is the largest bird?
What is the name of the environmental charter school located in New Haven?
An example of a 4GL is what?
What were the names of some of the figures for the established religion that are based on ancestral ties ?
By what age was he venturing outside?
How are glass masters created?
In what year did the first scientific and literary journal appear?
What has cultural anthropology distinguished itself from other social sciences by emphasizing?
From which countries does the biggest rise in Valencia's foreign population come?
Who built I-94?
Which periods saw a quick growth in Monasticism?
What part of the airway does asthma affect?
Which Scottish professor believes that Masons were not a major radical or reformist network in their own right?
What is the name of a large facility run by the IMSS in Mexico City?
What was the location of the pollution caused by GE in the Housatonic River?
In terms of size where does Swaziland rank within Africa in terms of country size?
On what ship did German ambassadors arrive in the Marshall Islands?
What was the first botanical garden at an Italian university?
What was the first generation of iPod Classic on which games like Mahjong and Tetris could be played?
What was another name for Richmond's Jackson Ward?
What is used to offer a balance in guarantees?
"Who convinced Darwin that his book needed a shorter, more compelling title?"
What was the big fear that brought the British government to extend the deadline for the trade license for the company?
How many jobs are in the secondary sector?
How many recordings did Kind Oliver's Creole Jazz band require?
When was Lancashire established?
What kind of linguistics describes how factors of languages change in history?
For how much more time was the molten steel supposed to cool when the computer mix-up happened in the German steel facility?
Arthur Harris announced that Bomber Command would enable economic warfare to achieve what?
King Philip renounced his right to the throne after what treaty?
In what year was the United Nations Human Rights Council report written?
When was the first wrap-around concert hall in the Western Hemisphere opened?
Where did IGN place the PS3 on their 2009 list of the best video game consoles ever?
What years were the miners strike?
What houses does the Nigerian legislature have?
"In addition to Yale Reparatory Theatre, what are two additional major theatre houses located in New Haven?"
What makes up 40-50% of the cell walls in wood?
How many apps did the WIndows 8.1 update allow to be snapped onto a signular display?
How long did it actually take to complete Principia Mathematica?
When was Neptune's moon Larissa discovered?
Who did Jugurtha have to bribe in order for them to accept him as the new leader of Numidia?
What lines comprise the Beijing-Shanghai (Jinghu) line?
What method of execution did the Nebraska Supreme Court rule unconstitutional?
Where was Joseph Bohmann from?
What program requires an additional two years of study?
Who designed this cannon?
What area uses traditional Chinese characters?
What version of the Quran was the scriptio superior of the Sana'a manuscripts?
When will organomagnesium halide formation fail?
In what group of people do the Portuguese have their origin?
Who did KU defeat in the 2008 Orange Bowl?
Who awarded the Silver Star to Kerry?
What does Darwin do to show that his theory can support many theories that could not be explained by individual creation of species?
At what location is most weather data collected for the Seattle area?
When was the German Peasants' War?
What are both ecological and evolutionary definition modifiers of?
At what degree north did reindeer show rhythms only in autumn and summer?
Where did Victoria visit after Leopold advised her to make more public appearances?
When was Nanjing announced as the host city for the 2nd Summer Youth Olympic Games?
When do large birds of pray migrate?
Who initially had control over the Sabines?
When was MAPS 3 passed?
Which individual painted the inside of the Basilica of the Sacred Heart at Notre Dame?
Millions of Muslims left the empire and migrated to what places?
How were the exta read in Roman religious practice?
On what date was the Earth's coldest temperature recorded?
What did the Christian church become in the years after Valerian's death?
Analysts expect the market to triple by what year?
"Who decided, along with the ECB, to use Term auction to help stabilize the financial crisis and improve dollar liquidity?"
Where is Van Cortlandt Park?
Where was the Foreign Ministers conference held?
How is toxicity sometimes visibly displayed by insects as a warning?
About how many Fields Medal winners have been Ashkenazi Jews?
Which other movement was it modeled after?
Where was the first Baptist church located in Canada?
How could the locomotives run on four speed levels?
What allowed Brass instruments to play a wider range of notes?
In 2009 Barcelona became the first team to win six of six competitions in what span of time?
Radio broadcasts and what help deter corruption?
What is the exception to this common characteristic?
What film festival does The Times support that is also supported alongside the British Film Institute?
When was Queen Victoria's Golden Jubilee?
In what neighborhood is the Fred Hutchington Cancer Research Center located?
How do the wrestlers treat the audience?
What does primary school consist of?
What two ideas did conservative and clerical defenders of traditional religion attack as evil forces that encouraged immorality?
Where was Hayek buried in relation to his home town of Vienna?
What is the legislative branch called?
When was the Early Agricultural period?
Who attacked the abbey?
During what season were Arsenal's away colors white shirts and white or black shorts?
When did Bozize finally attempt his coup?
What entity did Universal have a contract with prior to July of 2007?
What war began in the year 113 BC?
"What colleague of Democritus, also a Greek philosopher, helped him propose the particulate theory of matter?"
What title was Sonam Gyatso granted in 1587?
How many times higher is the suicide rate amongst LGBT adolescents than their heterosexual peers?
What could be sued for under civil or criminal law?
How many tents did the Sichuan Ministry of Affairs provide?
How is steel produced?
How often does the XPT to Sydney depart?
When would white men marry the paler and thinner Hawaiian ladies?
What are the FBI and ICE-HSI both members of?
What facet of Indian mathematics was introduced into the Arab areas in the early Medieval period?
What percentage of New Yorkers are Christians?
What are the symbols used for deuterium and tritium?
What development by the Sumerians allowed them to make use of domes?
Who was the new movement meant to suit the needs of?
What are two types of non-repetitive DNA?
What services were anticipated to be greatly increased as a result of the congestion charge zone?
In what year were the railings and gates completed?
December saw how many attacks?
What happened in 1923 that required repairs to many of the city's engineering works?
Who was Barcelona's first full time coach?
Who should be able to challenge administrative orders in court?
Where are chaffinches Fringilla coelebs from?
In what neighborhood of Miami is Miami New Times based?
Who was the ruler of China in 677?
What in combination with glass fibers is used to make fiberglass?
"When are electric and magnetic fields with zero average values, but their variances are not at zero?"
"The Monument, located in the City of London, was erected to commemorate what event?"
Gothic and Chinoiserie were the English-speaking world's equivalent of what style?
What was launched in 1965 by the business school at KU?
What happens if a Digimons data is completely destroyed?
What odd color of sand draws tourists to Bermuda's beaches?
"Along with ""Cargo Gateway of the Americas,"" what is another nickname for PortMiami?"
What third language was common among Russian nobles by 1800?
How many countries does Israel maintain diplomatic relations?
Attempts to reconcile which two fields resulted in a widespread rejection of prophecy?
People choose to use what type of facility due to long distances and poor care at Government hospitals?
What county in England was named after Hampton?
Which religious official was also killed during the fighting?
Highest bird diversity occurs in which regions?
Where did Richmond's Nation of Islam members initially meet?
Which epithet did Apollo have as god of healing and of prophecy?
Why were former Sun staff members put in police custody in early 2012?
When did the financial crisis appear to have ended?
What dye was known as the Blood of Saint John?
When was the book The Bloody Tenent of Persecution published?
When was the last major attack London saw?
What organization did Eisenhower support after the Soviets launched the first artificial satellite?
How many lumens per watt does a typical train light produce?
When was the treatise that allowed a congregation to elect or remove a minister?
What religions were English scientists in the 17th century?
What was one of the most controversial parts of the Patriot Act?
"What item commonly used in hospitals, schools and offices is a pesticide?"
Where is the site where Hyderabad's solid waste is dumped?
What event decreased the CIA's training budget?
What year begin the founding of New Haven Harbor?
Who can enemies detect from a greater distance than in previous games?
What were the troops in the British Indian Army?
How much did the FAA propose to fine Southwest for failing to inspect older planes?
What derisive label was given to the USSR by the enemies of the Bolsheviks?
Drug-resistant TB is one of the barriers to success of the Stop TB Partnership's initiative; what's the other other?
Whose work did Al-Battani improve?
What is the florida climate
How many kings and princes were invited to the Golden Jubilee?
When did the Austroalpine peaks undergo their event?
What is a common type of solar water heater?
How does the aerial refueling aircraft supply fuel during flight?
What did the FDA order removed from stores in 2009?
"Besides the scientist's hand, what other component of the experiment in which the basic properties of capacitors were discovered acted as the second conductor?"
What company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy?
Who discussed emotions in the context of expressive body actions and cultural labels?
Where do the pink-footed goose migrate?
Jose Batile y Ordonez was president of where?
"What did the ""multiple exclusive"" event marketing concept create around a product?"
Who wrote Argonautica?
What is headquartered in Daytona
When did the new design of the museum open?
What event evolving animals are the Myanmar also accredited with being the first to accomplish?
What does SECARMY stand for?
What is the practive of coprophagia behaviours?
When did this Civil War take place to free the Iranian peoples from Assyrian rule?
How many heads did the scarlet beast which a woman sat on have?
Who instructed the Governor of New South Wales Thomas Brisbane to send the worst convicts to Norfolk Island?
How does Alaska's per capita personal income rank against other states?
"Besides its uses as language of religions, for what other application can Sanskrit be used?"
Which part of the county is rural and sparsely populated?
What era was there a Gallo-Roman vicus on the same site?
What theory was Aristotle's explanation based on?
Who had tried to enact a law that places a limit on the amount of property any single individual could possess?
To whom was Marvel sold in 1968?
Who runs Tucson's main power plant?
Where are large quantities of H2 needed?
"When was Harry Caray's final performance of ""Take Me Out to the Ball Game""?"
How often did Jehovah Witnesses congregations meet prior to 2009?
What % of households were spending less than £20 per week in 2004
Who is the head for Greece's foreign policy?
When did republicanism gain strength during Queen Victoria's reign?
What did this agreement establish?
Where did Avicenna think Venus was in relation to the sun?
Slavs that remained in the Carpathian basin were assimilated into who?
What is the population of the city?
Where did Pope Francis commemorate his death on 3 June?
How was the public sphere defined?
How many prisoners are still held in Burma on political crimes?
How many men defended the attack from the Dutch in 1673?
What type of scientist was John Gould?
What are groups other than blacks considered to be?
what did the spanish think the cities of Quivira and Cíbola were rich in?
How did the translation of Rubaiyat achieve an Oriental flavor?
Has Bermuda's constitution ever been amended?
When did the Borders Books open up in Ann Arbor?
Software stored in hardware that cannot be changed easily is called what?
What kind of schools did samurai start?
What did the Boston Globe have to say about Yale?
How many orders of mendicant friars came out of the Middle Ages?
Madrasas in which specific location are said to have guided the formation of medieval universities?
What sort of language system is phonology?
"Daylight Saving Time is sometimes called summer time, but the clocks are actually moved forward in which season?"
How did the Queen view the Indian Rebellion?
Who suggested the name Oklahoma?
What lays at the bottom of the Inn Valley
Visitors to what region's beaches often stop at Plymouth?
When did Giotto die?
The hollow worked stones lamps found in Lascaux caves date back how far?
Where did Virgil's name become a generic term for magic-worker?
"In addition to technology, Fachhochschulen offer courses in social science, medicine, design, and what other discipline?"
What group of people were suddenly free to go shopping without fears of being judged or reprimanded?
Why weren't the Ugyhurs deported back to China?
"In 1948, what general assembly resolution established genocide as a prosecutable act?"
What town did Victoria visit in the center of England on her trip with the Dutchess of kent and Conroy?
What type of donations did the Jerkins Orphanage accept?
How many kilometers is it away from London?
How many states are on the Frontier Strip?
"On 6 June 2005, The Times redesigned what page of its newspaper?"
What position was Ben Franklin appointed in 1776?
What percentage of the population in 2011 were millenials?
What factor has caused an increased demand for fish?
What did the king lose on his way to the west?
What type of meat is never present in halal dishes?
Ctenophora and the Cnidaria include what sea creatures?
What scriptures describe hunting as and acceptable occupation?
What is the success rate for male Aeta hunters?
When was HDTV introduced in the US?
In what year was the Malleus Maleficarum published?
Until what century did the Kabul Shahi dynasties rule the Kabul Valley?
When was the USB Battery Charging Specification Revision 1.1 released?
What do Jehovah Witnesses consider the science and history within the Bible to be?
What company purchased Horne's in 1972?
What are some of the members of the Armed Forces Council?
What journalist from the New York Times stated his believe in Nassim Nicholas Taleb?
Where did Adolf Hitler establish a home in the 1930s?
Which airport is the second busiest in all of Australia?
What affluent family did Chopin gain a patronage from?
What should secondary training provide a student in the secondary stage of school?
What did the Democrat party do in the 1970
What did the new post-punk artists believe?
What Apple mouse 1st used multi-touch gesture recognition?
What television station made a documentary on Chopin?
What does the letter of the abbreviated notation for the electrical characteristics of smaller capacitors represent?
How do Hawking and Mlodinow believe the question of God can be answered?
In what ways can the gender of God be viewed?
"According to actor Tom Hiddleston, that is special about Eton?"
Who uses the Latin alphabet?
Who did the Ming emperors send invitations to?
How many people visited the Hanover Zoo in 2010?
What is the common density of printing paper?
In what European areas is Protestantism still the most practiced religion?
How many Dubai-based airlines are owned by Somalis?
On what date did Eisenhower leave active duty in the military?
Which is Australia's busiest port?
The Langone Medical Center is part of what college?
Do adolescents perform significantly better on IQ tests than other age groups?
What are the ideal chemical properties for the gas in a light bulb?
How many parades take place during Carnival?
Where is Greyhound terminal located?
Who did the Guinness Book of World Records say was the oldest dog in 2011?
What sector puts up most of Southampton's economic contribution?
Who used Pan-Slavism as a political tool?
Of which Washington county is Seattle the center?
What political party is mostly supported by orthodox jews?
How many performers are in the Tucson Folk Festival?
What does a nonstandard dialect usually not have compared to a standard dialect?
What group operation is taken by the set from the original group?
"While Christianity is ultimately one belief, a wide range of what is found among the different denominations and sects?"
What could an accomplished tailor or seamstress skillfully render almost invisible?
What style of architecture was used to design the Brooklyn Bridge?
In what year did the New Zealand governor-general last personally grant the royal assent in parliament?
VH1 listed her at what number on their 100 Sexiest Artists list?
An example of a more specific genocidal crime of which one could be accused was what?
Who won the 1993 Nigerian election?
Who did Hitler have a conflict over running the air force?
How many troops did Toyotomi Hideyoshi send to Korea?
What school considered a merger with Waikato Institute of Technology that was later abandoned?
"Which radio station caters for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender audiences?"
Where is Dunavant Enterprises based?
What did the British and French air forces bomb?
How was Egyptian culture under Nasser refered to?
What did the governor order constructed?
"What radio station introduced the term ""soft rock""?"
What may be contracted into single characters?
Why did Bermuda join CARICOM?
Which ocean is along eastern Russia?
When did the first whole genome duplication event occur?
When was the Peloponnesian War?
Who was rookie of the year in 1989?
How long did the Manx shearwater live?
Who paid the price for the reforms of the voting system?
What two apex predators do not have a small population size?
What is the street that is named after Juan Rodriguez?
In what year was Tito's funeral?
In what mythology do two canines watch over the Chinvat Bridge?
Who was the leader of the Punjabis?
What department was ready to join the rescue effort by Wednesday?
What are poultry eggs used for aside from consumption?
What was HP's growth during the third quarter of 2006?
What degree program did Whitehead contribute to establishing at University of London?
The Planck constant initially was given what name?
What artist released the best selling album of the 1970s?
"By 1811, what was the population of Napoleon's Empire?"
Until what date was Swaziland bound by umchwasho?
On what date was the stamp officially released?
What did the Arabs introduce that continues to be relevant to Palermo's culture today?
What can cause sudden disc degradation?
When did the Turkish War of Independence take place?
What is the permutation when a person has not chosen goals in the past but is willing to in the future?
What was the result of the invasion by Spain?
What title did Georgius Gemistus Pletho carry?
What is the largest public radio station in the US by audience size?
When did Ibn Tufail live?
What was the codename of the plutonium-based bomb created in the Second World War?
"What is special about Wutaishan Sports Center, from a historical perspective?"
When did Abd al-Malik's rule begin?
At what point did Hayek claim dictatorships may be necessary?
Who was it that peculiarly called a full parliament without royal authorization in 1265?
"According to family economic and financial education specialists, how do adolescents develop sound money management skills?"
What people are particularly known for eating buff?
What caused a violent uprising?
Who can put a stop the parliamentary attempts at dissovling itself in some areas?
"What other European language has a mute ""h"" like the West Flemings do?"
What idea did Blumenschine propose?
What was the name of Giovanni da Verrazzano's ship?
In what year was Eisenhower's EDC rejected?
What is another term for coset multiplication?
"According to Pirie, conservatives dislike change only when its forced upon them by whom?"
How many of Oklahoma's 2007 undergrads completed their degree?
Who conquered the ancient Estonians?
What is the name of the Somali postal service?
What is the name of the stadium that held Live Aid?
What political organization was Giovanni's father a member of?
Who reformed the low numbers of troops by implementing universal conscription?
Since when has Montana been a destination for trout fisheries?
What year did Victoria give birth to her final child?
What theories do Roland Faber and Catherine Keller combine with Whitehead's ideas?
What was this official's position at the time?
"Where was the August 30, 2008 quake?"
What did the abbey build on the west side?
What has been the effect of Yale and New Haven's relationship on Yale?
When did the High Court of Malawi gave the right for Madonna to adopt her second son?
What year did the memorial first opened?
What political party was Calvin Coolidge a member of?
When did the questioning of human sexual responses begin?
What type of pixels does a dot matrix display use?
"Along with 860, in what year did Swedish raiders attempt to conquer Constantinople?"
When did he win Ottoman confidence?
What does 'chaetae' mean?
What do some people feel the IASP's system is inadequate for?
Who from Switzerland was an influential in education?
How many times was Professor Stefan Grimm's email viewed in the first four days after it was posted online?
What aircraft design feature improves launch and recovery cycle flexibilty?
Who does Barbara Anderson feel the church's policy regarding sexual abuse protects?
What is Greece ranked in the EU in the production of marble?
Is Burma now a democratic nation?
In what year was thalidomide banned in Germany?
"According to feminist economists McKay and Bjornholt, would type economics should be included in a reshaping?"
Where do Investitures take place?
The Grecian islands in the 14th century were under the control of who?
What was the name of the project to change the location of I-40 and make a new entrance to the city?
What did Augustine say that the knowledge of time depended on?
In what year did the Dockyard Technical College close?
Which county in Estonia is the most uniform?
What dye did the Egyptians make using the madder plant?
At what age did Phil Skinner begin playing music?
What evidence of previous rule is evident in the buildings in Burma ?
What race was Sherman McCoy?
When was the City and Guilds College founded?
Why did e Melo demarcate the region for production of Port?
How much energy does an HVAC system use in residential locations?
How many routes does Nanjing's airport run?
What part of the Burmese population is considered not a part of the mainstream group?
Who listed her at number 17 in their list of  Top 20 hot 100 Songwriters?
What type of law handles patent infringement cases in the US?
How many km of underground passageways are dedicated to teh evacuationof Paris' waste liquids?
What agreement called for the stop of Hostilities?
What was Rosell's record number of votes he received for president?
What did Nasser observe from moving around frequently as a youth?
What year did the Argead Dynasty end?
The electric eel uses electric shock for defense and what other purpose?
"After the Dockyard Technical College closed, where were classes relocated to?"
What happens to a multilateral treaty's rights and obligations among the other parties when just one party withdraws?
What appeared among the Slavs when their migratory movements ended?
What promotes not only the peace of mind but also peace in the community?
How many bombing raids were there during World War II?
What group of people debate when humans stated wearing clothes?
What new office allowed government to issue administrative orders faster?
Who sent the Byzantine craftsmen that built Yaroslav's cathedral?
What is a common opinion of metaphysics?
After the demise of what was the red flag linked to the French Revolution?
Who conquered parts of Mauretania?
"What is used on many common items, such as chain link fences?"
"In including Norfolk Island as an auxiliary settlement, what Australian state did the British government plan to colonise?"
What is an example of a theme pub that caters to people of a certain nationality?
On what date was af2 regarded as disbanded?
How many groups are defined in the superclass?
What new standards of translation came with the 19th century?
What is the popular way for wrestlers to refer to one another?
When was clonal selection theory first proposed?
What kind of Armenian religious music is prevalent?
When did St. Francis Xavier die?
Some schools venerate certain texts as religious what?
What are conformation shows also known as?
What are the three principles every plan should consider?
What causes the behavioral adaptations necessary for migration?
Where do the cardinals work?
How many people visited the Louvre in 2013?
Insects have what kind of sense of numbers?
Who did Victorias eldest daughter marry?
What did Wii offer that PS3 couldn't compete with?
When was the Casas Adobes Plaza established?
What action of the Union damaged the southern cotton exports?
How did the reforms of Britains voting system affect the House of Commons?
What percentage of undergraduates were affiliated with a fraternity or sorority in Winter 2013?
Beyonce's sex appeal is characterized as what?
What action is forbid by the Orthodox Greek Church to Freemasons?
What is the limestone cap of the seamount made from?
Where did electric motors improve convenience and safety?
What is the goal of the textual critic?
What was the reason the Allen brothers purchased land in 1836?
Who was the Collector for the port of Pennsylvania in 1715?
What are examples of day migrating raptors?
How did Milliband explain posing with this newspaper?
Is asthma worst during the day or at night time?
What group did Jens Galschiøt lead?
In whose depictions can the evolution of Greek sculpture be observed?
What is the CIA's main focus?
Where did Chopin and Hiller go with the person Chopin met in the spring of 1834?
What kind of computers were Donkey Kong Country's graphics rendered on?
What was this new phase of neoclassicism?
What religions form of worship came from the Eastern sects ?
"Who first dubbed the British Parliament the ""Mother of Parliaments?"""
What piece of Bach's did Chopin take inspiration for his preludes?
"According to some, what is the rule of law is formed to protect?"
Which two composers are usually regarded as being the most in line with the Enlightenment ideals?
During which dynasty was the term Xizang first used?
What was youtube planning on doing to labels it did not reach a deal with?
Who did the Duke of kent marry in 1818?
What's the name of the landmark on Commercial Road where remains of the friars' water system can be seen?
What's Pakistan's program called that's comparable to the British A Level?
How long was the secret agreement between Germany and the Soviets?
Who presides over an impeachment trial?
What practice was desired through connecting religion and schools?
What is a rare discipline that Avicenna worked on?
What place was Oklahoma cities population ranked in the nation in 2012?
Whose 1704 plan was used to fortified the city?
Who staffs the one ambulance available on Norfolk Island?
What is pollarding
What is the SACU?
How many crusades were waged against the Hussites?
What traditions does the US Air Force have?
What do virtually all culture techniques rely on at some point?
When was the first American edition of On the Origin of Species published?
"Along with Linda Ronstadt, Elton John, Rod Stewart and Elvis Presley, what rock musician sometimes had songs featured on adult contemporary radio?"
When did British post-punk emerge?
"What types of musicians were the Contortions, Teenage Jesus and the Jerks, Mars, DNA, Theoretical Girls and Rhys Chatham?"
How many prefecture-level divisions of Zhejiang are there?
Israel has a history of providing what?
What does IPA stand for?
What was Queen's final album featuring Mercury vocals compiled from earlier recordings called?
What level alert was instated for the quake?
What part of the statue of Theodore Dwight Woolsey is it said to be good luck to rub?
What major health risk do people who oppose DST say it increases?
What do female birds have that allow sperm from males to remain viable long after copulation?
What should secondary training provide a student in the secondary stage of school?
How many civilians were the Japanese hoping to kill during their planned attack on San Diego?
What was the location of the first store?
How does Seattle compare in church attendance to the rest oF the US?
Who did Bell invent the cord-free phone with?
What are some catgories of retrospective memory?
What category of trees show this difference greatly?
What type of power did Fox think Burke was wrong about?
When did the dominant religion of Myanmar become something outside of the mainstream ?
What is the name of the gay district?
What officeholder selects the Deputy Lord Mayor?
"During the speech, Truman made the statement that each man should be guaranteed what?"
For use with more than one channel changes are made to increase what property?
What type of yeast is used to make stout and porter beers?
What other varieties of Christianity can be found among the Grecian people ?
Who was the founder of the Arena Football League?
In what manner did hydraulic cranes employ Pascal's law?
What used to be abundant in the waters around Norfolk Island?
How many time has Greece participated in the Eurovision Song Contest?
Who is the earliest President that is represented in the archives of the Presidential Library system?
What institution memorializes great Canadian football achievements?
What was the total fertility rate per woman as of 2012?
What goal did the ALI's study say could not be reconciled with the goal of individualized execution decisions?
Who oversees the operations of the CIA?
What event started the consular year?
From what region did the group Devo originate?
Who is an internationally renowned film director from Guinea-Bissau?
Why do some other scholars argue that it happened on a Wednesday?
The cerebral hemispheres of the brain are called what?
What can prevent a green color in glass?
Who is John Gulick?
When were tricyclic antidepressants developed?
Who was the governor during the Civil War?
What are three problems of the immune system studied by clinical immunology?
Who won the 2015 Nigerian presidential election?
How many acres of land did the KMC control in 2001?
What is considered the public face of the palace?
"What would we call a printed circuit board with embedded electronics, abbreviated PCA?"
"during the Iraq war, what color did anti-war activists paint the ""A""?"
Which animal decorates the corners of the Chrysler Building?
The Reformed Presbyterian Church in Malawi has a range of members between what amounts?
Pointers and hounds are bred to do what?
What other training do the US Air force Personnel get during BMT?
What does research show about the FBO effect?
Where did the Myer Retail Group open it's first store?
What are pesticides most commonly used for?
What artist's award reception did Kanye interrupt onstage at the 2009 MTV VMAs?
How do NPOs handle staffing?
What is the range of the numbers that a byte can represent?
What is the Forney Library dedicated to?
Approximately how many people were executed during the Reign of Terror?
What conflict affected Utrecht
What had long faded prior to the first European and African arrivals?
Who provided incentives for Israelis to settle in the occupied West Bank?
Which pope declared that cardinals would be from Rome?
What is Hayek's definition of totalitarian?
Who wrote in the Hall of the Mountain King?
Who allowed industrialists to become officials in the newly state sanctioned industries?
What was Guerrilla fighter José Castro Veiga's nickname?
When was Saint Denis Basilica rebuilt?
Why did Philip move south?
Homeostasis is like what household tool?
What was the name of the United States' second prison?
What state employed Abmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi?
Who signed the order to get rid of the OSS?
How does peristalsis work?
Who was a doctor?
What is another way to refer to an antennas gain?
When were the mini-A connector and and the mini-AB receptacle connector depreceated?
"What magazine described the Super Slim as ""nostalgic""?"
The 2013 ParkScore rating for NYC made NYC second in best park system to what other US city?
What was the population of Guinea-Bissau in 1950?
What does the typical latino in media look like?
How often does the Sahara go without rainfall?
Which of his works addresses redemption and the Son of God?
Madonna's Material Girl recreated whose look?
What store did the Dayton-Hudson Corporation purchase in 1978?
These types of birds have a tendon locking mechanism.
Which interpretation of the rule of law is less commonly used?
What may impact social dynamics and technical development?
What percentage of Somalis living in Britain reside in London?
What is the name of a US government agency tasked with trying to stop improper use of antibiotics?
What were some of problems experienced with the colonialism of Burma by the British?
What area does the five points of Calvinism focus on?
What is the name of the person who is the current Chief of the Defence Staff?
What are the 50 states in the Union known as?
More importantly than their language aspect how do the Seto and Võro dialects set themselves apart from each other?
For whom did Paul VI work for from 1922 to 1954?
How many octaves did the Lombardi cover?
What kind of clock have genetic functions?
How many teams were relegated from the Premier League in 1995?
What is another term for voice-aspirated?
Shell has accepted responsibility for keeping its pipelines in what condition?
How much does Japan's largest military ship weigh?
How many runners carried the torch in New Delhi?
What is the second longest show at the Dominion Theatre?
Where did a lot of Germans settle?
What is the sister station to WBZ-TV?
What is the name of the bike trail that goes through Santa Monica?
How many jobs were created by the mid-1930s thanks to San Diego's tuna cannery that was developed in 1911?
What is Spielberg's most common theme?
Which US president became the first to receive over 80 percent of NYC votes?
Which theater was next to Saint Petersburg?
What did Boston's early settlers call the area?
What act cut down on Boston's harbor activity?
What was a leading factor in the 16:9 aspect ratio being chosen?
"Beyonce mostly releases English songs, but what other language did she release songs?"
What is the term used by Internet Archive to describe the Wayback Machine?
What year did a protester attach a note to the door at Buckingham Palace saying it was to be sold?
Which Russian rocket carries passengers to and from the International Space Station?
Glaciers are found in mountain ranges on every continent except for which outlier?
During what show did Kanye take an opportunity to criticize the efforts of a U.S. President?
What was it called when many Mexican's were forcibly repatriated?
"Daylight Saving Time is sometimes called summer time, but the clocks are actually moved forward in which season?"
Why was it not included in the series?
What feature was found on more home stereos that allowed continuous play between records?
What was the title of Huizinga's 1919 book on the Middle Ages?
How many of Schutz's Easter pieces were in the A cappella style?
How do the olfactory lobes of mammals compare in size to those of reptiles?
What portion of the Congolese population is Protestant?
Is this licence required on a permanent basis?
Who replaced Jim Schneider as Dell CFO?
"In 2003, where did Governor George Ryan announce that the sentences of more than 150 death row inmates would be commuted?"
What is the name of the newspaper with the most varied political support in British history?
What is the condition that happens in winter in Namibia?
What proportion of students at Washington University came from outside the St. Louis area by 1964?
When did the UN Security Council order Syria's chemical weapons be destroyed?
Who had scored four overall scoring titles as of the 2006 season?
When did the global economic recession start?
What is a significant portion of the BYU's operating costs subsidized by?
Who is the investment bank that was feared to collapse in March 2008 and was sold in a fire-sale to JP Morgan Chase?
What  does the immediate return system mean?
What have scientist began to test due to the fact that adrogen results in sexual differences?
How long has the Bahai Faith been persecuted in Iran?
What did the Germans expect to negotiate?
What did Qin administrators introduce to Shu and Ba?
What is an example of an issue that is raised in collateral review?
On what day did the U.S. and its allies declar war on Japan?
What was the name of the single off the debut album that gave Kanye mainstream attention?
What was the most people that Highbury stadium could host?
What type of light stimulates the circadian system?
What year was Bannerman Park opened?
What is one element of English Dominican mysticism?
Why did Hitler use terror bombing against Britain?
What is the period during the mid-eighteenth century also remembered as?
Queen's Crazy Little Thing Called Love was an ode to which singer?
Near what region was Balta bording?
How many died from cholera in a 2008 epidemic?
Which Australian state was once known as the garden state?
What Bostom Am radio station is a sports and talk station?
In what year was Switzerland last involved in a war internationally?
What does Tajikistan mean?
Who provides a virtual server service?
The highest ranking person's title in British india is?
What was exchanged from mouth to mouth in the usage of the seismometer?
What law did Congress refer to as a basic for the AUMF?
How long is the rope?
From what did parliament evolve?
"What was the name of the person argued for ""The psychic unity of mankind""?"
What do birds use for evaluation of potential mates and mate attraction?
What type of topic is physical pain important in relation to many issues?
"In what place with the word ""name"" in it do most people speak Dutch?"
Who argued in 2003 that all clades are by definition monophyletic groups?
For what purpose did American Indians use asphalt?
Early papermakers added alum to help in what process?
Whose consent do the states need to make international treaties?
Which campaign does Beyoncé contribute to that encourages leadership in females?
The CLIPSAS Organization was formed in what year?
What did Napoleon use to justify his creation of an imperial system?
What percentage of Imperial's staff was deemed to be internationally excellent in 2008?
What is the name of the fitness gyms that Madonna opened?
Who removed Jesus from the cross?
Which chromosome is responsible for produlcing male differentiation on defect female development?
What year was Union-Castle Line mailship replaced?
When was the Capital building completed?
Pamlico and Cape fear indians are examples of what?
Who composed the Benedictine Rule?
What does CFL stand for?
How long were workers in Ford Plant evacuated for?
How much of a contribution did the Genome Center at Washington University make in sequencing the Human Genome Project?
"What is one of the toughest derbies in the world, run in Egypt?"
What military branch was George W. Bush in?
"Although he was not the creator of the concept, who popularized the idea of nutritionism?"
Where did Truman Capote live in relation to Lee?
Who performed Alice Polka in honor of Princess Alice?
When was the phonome's modern concept developed?
What is the frequency of Haplogroup R1a in Poland?
The tympana under the dome had images of whom displayed?
"Who was the promoter, director and organizer of the first public library in Montevideo?"
Which major global reinsurance company has their headquarters east of the city center?
How many days are counted between Passover and Shavuot?
How many people identify as gay or bisexual in NYC?
Whom set the most recent sales record of vinyl records since 1991?
What is the name of Bostons main airport?
How much land did Morgan Stanley purchase?
Did literate men acknowledge Virgil as a master or novice poet?
"Along with Grimm's law, what's the other rule for Germanic-sounding speech called?"
What general size are the cavities in the cells of very dense latewood?
What size is the most durable from the point of designed insertion lifetime?
What do those who think Napoleon was poisoned cite as a symptom that would suggest this?
"In what decade did Philips produce a ""professional"" LD model for computer?"
What is Crohn's disease?
What companies finished much of the sequencing of the D genome?
What Puerto Rican leader did the FBI spy on?
What is the goal of the NIBRS?
What was the first TV episode Spielberg directed part of?
"What was distinctly made by Nintendo, Konami, and Acclaim?"
How many legal jurisdictions are Swiss citizens subject to?
"In Sumerian society, who oversaw the operation of the first formal schools?"
What two geographies did Frederick want for Prussia?
Who serves as the representative of the Director of National Intelligence?
What ethnicity was his father?
What center was founded by Melville J. Herskovits in 1948?
Where did Ibn Sina hope to flee to after Hamadan?
What was the name of the agreement between Britain and the Chinese that kept the British out of Tibet?
How many national titles were won when Knute Rockne coached at Notre Dame?
Who was accused of being mean and cruel on American Idol?
Why was collapsing the two values into one score a problem?
How many nations do the 25 foreign banks operating in Houston represent?
Who offers the Lighting Certification Examination?
Bell's dehusking machine combined what with nail brushes?
When were RIAA standards established?
When did the poultry business boom in the United States ?
What do the Italian Swiss call Switzerland?
"Where was the ""Kanye West Foundation"" founded?"
What empire covered most of India in the 16th century?
Who built the new wing?
How is one attached to the cross?
Which organization did Beyoncé donate her pay for the private performance to?
What nickname is given to Electronic warfare aircraft?
During what dynasty did the wuzhu stop being the standard coin?
How many seasons was Mariah Carey a judge on American Idol?
"According to theory, what did climate change in the Late Triassic cause?"
What theory did Darwin introduce?
What dynasty ruled Germany starting in 1024?
Which suras in the Quran are particularly rhythmic?
How would you compare the rules of a treaty and a covenant under international law?
"As of 2012, prices for what commodity continued to drop?"
"Because of what they eat, dogs are classified as what?"
When did Arsenal join the Football League?
What happened in the Carboniferous?
Which single from B'Day was only released in the U.K.?
What were one of  Metzingers two showings in 1912's Salon des Independants?
How does a CCA impact unlisted species?
What is the alternative name that Government of Ireland uses instead of British Isles?
"At long range what, in theory, could be used to set ranging calculations?"
Beyonce's family's company name is what?
What spirit did Dominic give to his followers?
Adherents to this position consider the influence of Anabaptists upon early Baptists to be what?
What led to the defeat of the Prussians at Memel?
What portable game systems have SNES emulators?
Slovene is a major language in what country?
Why was the Centre de Liasion et d'information des Puissances maconniques signataires de l'Appel de Strasbourg set up?
What social systems can greatly influence someone realization of their sexual preference?
The Dominican Order was also greatly helped by what German friar?
What is a common Attic-based dialect?
"In 1973, which historian objected to comparisons between Napoleon and Hitler?"
In what century did the Carnival become an organized event?
How many people arrived without an invitation?
What did the soviets opposed rebuilding?
How many participants are there?
Are lignified cells able to continue dividing?
Who operated the automatic beam system?
What is cargo cult science?
"Along with triangular shapes, what are common henna designs in Somalia?"
What kind of support does Dell provide using a computer's service-tag?
Was was the name given to the Alsace provincinal court?
What is the Taragaon Museum dedicated to?
What states border Florida
What hunting weapon was found in the Southwestern US during  500 to 1200 C.E.?
Who was the mother of Charles Léon?
Where is Volkswagen Group's AutoEuropa assembly plant located?
What percentage of Bavarian students went to a Gesamtschule in 2007?
Name one test used to recognize MI?
What are two songs that reference the school's team colors in their titles?
An otherwise valid and agreed upon treaty may be rejected as what for several reasons most of which involve problems created at the formation of a treaty?
"By using silicon wafers, what is being avoided?"
Beyonce's younger sibling also sang with her in what band?
How far is Raleigh from Atlantic Beach?
"Which species of birds were recorded 3,000 years ago?"
What does ADGB stand for?
What do non-self-executing treaties typically require from a party to enable it to fulfill its obligations?
How many people competed to be Brasilia's urban planner?
Moltke had originally planned to kee Bazaine's army on what river?
How many albums did Beyonce sell in the first week when she released her second album?
What did Broca discover in the human brain?
How long is the B-52H scheduled to remain in service of the USAF?
What groups is named after the trait of growth by moulting or ecdysis?
Where did Paul Broca reside?
Who was the target of the record companies?
What event occurs on New Year's Eve?
What did the mid Ming dynasty discussion focus mainly on?
"In Iran, who has the final say in all matters directly related to the Supreme Leader?"
What date is usually given as the beginning of the Middle Ages?
What agency maintains the Presidential Library system?
What is a major cause of death in neonates in Eriterea?
"When does ""Movement"" occur?"
"Which type of eclectic music had a huge variety, large innovations and an ""anything goes"" mentality?"
What is an example of a device that requires more than 500 mA of current?
What was the name of Kanye West's women's clothing line?
What team left the AFL after the 2015 season to join another league?
Which political figure supported the Saar Statute referendum?
What was thought to be the main focal point of the debate?
What is the customary calendar of Iran?
Who had control over Iraq before it was recaptured in 1639?
Where do the three children watch the trial?
What event occured after she was publicly criticized?
"Along with Thai Boxing, in what has Mohamed Jama won a European title?"
The Chihuahuan Desert also extends into which neighboring Mexican state?
What three points do most theists agree on?
"After South Carolina passed an ordinance of nullification, who was sent to Charleston Harbor?"
What does ein diutscher mean?
What country is the game chuck-guk from?
Who is a projecting Lady Chapel dedicated to?
Who is the current head of Comcast?
What is another word to describe a Jew?
What dynasty ruled Neustria?
the vinaya was recited by?
What might have encouraged landlords to abandon or destroy buildings?
What is considered pure and used as a ritual cloth?
When was Roncalli elected pope?
What is the policy in the Muslim world on depicting Mohammed?
Where did it sell?
"What do most wrestlers do, as far as how they act?"
How wide is Swaziland in miles??
How much did Shell plan to raise from the sale of its assets?
What publications were shut down 1972?
In what year did the revenue of food and entertainment eclipse the output of industry?
What is Zhejiang's location vulnerable to from the sea?
What is full-duplex in SuperSpeed transfer mode?
Did the political parties choose those colors?
How does Arsenal Ladies rank as compared with other English women's football teams?
What did the Treaty of Rome establish?
What is the favorite prey of leatherback sea turtles?
What do Bulgarian linguists regard the Macedonian language as?
Where does Tio Ellinas race?
What pope first issued Papal pronouncements against Freemasons?
From which direction did Alexander enter Punjab?
What are giant axons?
Are children or adolescents more likely to question assertions and less likely to accept facts?
Who makes the claim that Hayek was actually a conservative?
"According to Kierkegaard, why can't reality be a system for human beings?"
What have classical trained performers done extensively?
What was the size  of the invading force?
What branch of the Uralic language family does Estonian belong to?
What was the name of the Royal Charter?
Some federal and state statutes remain on the books for how long after they are ruled unconstitutional?
What did the first federal wildlife commerce law prohibit?
Which column did Piers Morgan edit at The Sun?
Who can usually be found watching supply ships unload at Norfolk Island?
Who wrote that a Soviet invasion of Japan was unlikely?
What is the DVB's role?
"What is another way of phrasing ""time order""?"
What is Amphetamine's market name?
In Estonia how many people speak Estonian as their native language
How does Whitehead define he consequent nature of God?
When did France attack Prussia?
For what month does Southampton hold the UK's record high temperature?
In what year was Devil May Cry 4 added to the budget game offerings for PS3?
What are primary sex characteristics?
The Tallgrass Prairie Preserve is the largest protected tallgrass prairie in what area?
Which case that went to the Supreme Court resulted in a decision regarding public universities and affirmative action?
Where was the Ottoman empire founded?
Who delivered the peace terms of the Vienna Conference to the Russians?
What type of language did Paul VI want to the church to relay dogma in?
What is the chief remaining nation to assign official responsibilities to a region called the Near East?
How many viewers did the half-time show attract?
Where was Petersburg located in relation to Ford Stedman?
What is the conviction that Jehovah's Witness leaders dispense absolute truth?
When was Kösem murdered?
What king of Macedon aided the pirate Demetrius of Pharos?
Who else did they accuse of using child labor products?
What may be invoked as grounds for permanently terminating a treaty?
What denomination do the Brethren originate from?
What year were the Oaths of Strasbourg written?
How spread out were the Allied forces in Southeastern Asia?
How is Paris' climate categorized?
What was also pushed for by result of sarmatism?
The search for mysticism in the Dominican Order goes back to what?
When was the Third Battle of Panipat?
In central and eastern Europe it is thought that Jewish scorn for the life-style of their neighbors increased due to what?
What percentage did Patasse win with?
Who is the secretary of the 51st State Party?
The Queensboro Bridge utilized what type of construction?
What is another name that is used for the British Isles?
Which school acquired the former Ave Maria building after a Roman catholic school moved from there?
What was the longest that a song spent at #1 on the adult contemporary charts in the 1980s?
How long did Prohibition last?
Against what government was the Hassi Messaoud defense agreement directed against?
Was Alexandria welcoming to other cultures?
Why did blacks fear to identify as African?
What were the foundation stones of Sumerian houses consecrated by?
When did Jews originate as a national and religious group in the Middle East?
Who were Virgil's literary executors?
When were ski-lifts built in Swiss and Austrian towns?
Who ate the meat of the sacrifice during the after sacrifice  banquet?
What types of feathers did debutantes wear in their hair?
What two things are associated with a greater risk of asthma-like symptoms?
When was the Associations Incorporation Act adopted?
What kind of cup did the woman on the scarlet horned beast have?
What is her nickname that she was given because her children married into royal families across the continent?
How was Erichtho portrayed?
Which US venue did Queen sell out in 1977?
How many students were enrolled in primary school in 2010?
Which Detroit artist has the highest hip-hop sales?
What kind of climate does Southampton have?
What do specialized predators and prey rely on to get the upper hand?
What led to an economic boom in St. John's?
The serpent is what type of instrument?
What gods were in the Capitoline triad?
What organizations did the hearing about video game violence in 1993 lead to?
What is the 2000-watt society initiative designed to cut by more than half by 2050?
How many counties are in Estonia?
To how many territories is the Premier League broadcast to?
What hemisphere of stars did Edmond Halley want to study with the telescope?
Why does Friedrinch Netzsche believe human rights exist?
What is the name of the chieftan who led his army to victory in the Battle of Allia River?
What company is Rob Pardo associated with?
How are humans commonly exposed to the byproducts of the bleaching process?
In what place did the Everton FC place in the 2004-05 season?
By what years were many of the great hotels suffering from high vacancy rates?
What city did the Qing lose in 1853?
What are the 4 main rivers in Sichuan?
Do I need a stadium to compete?
What was the islands codename during World War II?
How often is Catholic mass held at Notre Dame in a week?
What term describes the group of integers related to a prime number?
During what years did the Avignon Papacy occur?
Why does clinical immunology extend to those areas?
In what city is the Miami Amtrak Station?
How are Toxicara canis infections spread?
What condition does an abnormal color usually indicate in wood?
"What is the intended purpose of the ""Q"" component?"
Which street forms the boundary between Harlem and Washington Heights?
"What does Teheran, Isfahan, Mashhad, and Shiraz have in common?"
What was the Areonautics Branch renamed to?
What's a third name for double daylight saving time or Double Summer Time used in Europe?
What university is professor Gudmundur Alfredssson from?
How was the Antarctic Peninsula formed?
Where is the the Umayyad Mosque located?
A listener can hear how many frequencies at once?
What sort of films were produced by Red Feather?
Who initially had control over the Sabines?
How many families are there in Tucson as of 2010?
Which room has The Ballroom replaced in terms of both use and importance?
Where did John Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert build the ENIAC?
The 120 operational and developmental properties within the college that are not core to the academic mission belong to which portfolio?
What did Calder try to expose in his book?
Are there any large lakes in Thuringia?
What is an airport?
Who wrote 'Alciphron'?
"By 1460, who controlled most of the territory south and west of the Rhine?"
The quickest growing local businesses in Somalia are what types of businesses?
What is an early version of the national encoding standard used in the people's public of China?
"What is the first river that the 40th, 3rd, and 6th Japanese divisions crossed while advancing southward?"
Who was made Secretary of State for Education in 1970?
How much of the glaciation disappeared in Switzerland?
Tito was awarded with the Royal Order of what country?
What professorship did Father Josh Carrier hold at Notre Dame?
What is the backbone of a DNA double helix made of?
What drug in the running to treat multi drug resistant TB has already gotten FDA approval?
Poland and other European countries could not defend against what?
What is the frequency of the light to which the human eye is most sensitive?
What are the Mustalian Ismailis commonly known as?
What language form is parli?
In what year did Badly Drawn Boy provide a soundtrack for TCM Remembers?
What is the name of one of the libraries located in London?
Where is Rick Mercer from?
Where did Montini continue to study at the request of Giuseppe Pizzardo?
Where are madaris considered less desirable?
What are the technologies used to capture solar energy characterized as?
Why is Lisbon a popular stopover for many foreign airlines?
What position did Konayev hold in Kazakhstan prior to his removal?
What was the name of Giovanni da Verrazzano's ship?
Who was the first Roman Emporor that was baptized?
What was the most displacement caused by the earthquake?
Which venue created a unique environment in which people from many different walks of life could gather and share ideas?
What antenna type is a portion of the half wave dipole?
Who was the fourth Karmapa Lama?
How many players can an NFL team have in the regular season?
Who depicts the history of science in a wider matrix?
How much has been invested in Detroit since 2006?
What genre of music was influenced by pub rock?
How many bearers decided not to participate?
Insects growth is constrained by what?
How much more is the per capita GDP in Namibia compared to the rest of Africa's countries?
What type of construction is best for applications that need to portion space carefully?
What is the name of Everton's official supporters club?
Which family member came to Paris in June 1849?
How many Armenians live outside Armenia and the republic within it?
How much money do tourists spend in Miami every year?
When did Hurricane Ike hit the Houston area?
What type of losses happen during conversion and transmission in wires and electronics?
When did Darwin begin attending university?
"When was the earliest church labeled ""Baptist"" traced to?"
When did Prince Phillip arrive in Saint Helena?
Modern browser support standards-based and defacto what?
What can cause your memory to deterioriate or not work as well?
What month sees the lowest likelihood of the James flooding?
Von Neumann's abstract treatment allowed him to work on what foundational issue?
What types of communities have been reported in Iraq?
"What is the relationship between the context heresy is used in for Christian, Jewish, or Islamic cultures?"
On what date was Little Boy detonated?
Who was Apollo's son?
Beyonce would take a break from music in which year?
Nobles held land form whom?
Is Israel considered a safe state for egyptians?
What is the capitol of Armenia?
Where was Mardi Gras first celebrated?
What is the second question to ask in order to define the two classes?
What was the name of the first synthetic bacterial drug?
"What did the television commercial ""1984"" introduce?"
From what town did the marble in the Taj Mahal come?
What is the name of the Japanese national anthem?
The tabs on the user interface were called what?
"Which crime costs over one trillion U.S. dollars every year, world-wide?"
What year did UK polytechnics start functioning in a binary education system?
When did Guinea-Bissau become independent?
What is the Alp-Transit project designed to reduce the time of travel between?
By not going back to Poland Chopin became part of what?
What stations did CBC broadcast in HD in 2005?
On which month and day did Saturnalia start?
Who populated the areas of Zhejiang in the 2nd millennium BC?
Why is stare decisis a limited form of lawmaking?
During what century did John Geometres flourish?
What other plant was used in the discovery of different genes?
Who served as production designer for Spectre?
How many patients a year does the trust treat?
How many insect species are estimated to exist?
When did the federal war end?
Where did Popper establish a university department for the philosophy of science in 1946?
When did parliamentary politics become irrelevant in Egypt?
What writer mentioned The Angel pub in his writings?
Who was elected president of the GNC?
Which congregation is in charge of the Old College at Notre Dame?
What doctrine rejects the idea of permanent self?
In what borough is the garment business prominent?
Which book did Darwin begin reading in 1838?
During what season did Juan Rodriguez first come to New York?
Where is the Tibet Autonomous Region?
What was the name of the Plymouth-area settlement recorded in the Domesday Book?
How long is Greek's rail network estimated to run?
What do hunter-gathers intentionally manipulate?
Who was elected as chief minister of the state of India?
Which U.S. Billboard 200 chart topper did Kanye West produce a song for?
In what year did the British give the Haud to Ethiopia?
"If load increases, what happens to current drawn?"
By what year was rice a successful commodity crop for the Lowcountry?
Who confirmed the dpon-chen?
How many residential buildings did not meet construction standards?
When was the first overseas deployment of the Canadian Military?
How many Tibetan prisoners did Mu Ying capture?
Which actor portrays Bill Tanner?
How many phases of matter are there?
What did Hermann use the term angiosperm a primary division of in the plant kingdom?
What label did NBC sell in 1986?
When did Boston withdraw its bid for hosting the Olympic games?
What percentage of Estonians were ethnic in 2006?
What are pre-schools also known as?
Who created El Colegio Nacional?
What is available to the people in Northern Ireland so they have access to the media?
Where was the Roman abacus first used?
What is are the main themes of present-day botany?
What did Gaddafi tell the people that the revolution represented?
Members of which committee attended the conference?
"In addition to the Census, where else is the ""some other race"" selection an option?"
What is the capital of the state of Washington?
How many sister cities does Philadelphia have?
Who rejected the idea of sending the princesses away?
How many professional degree college students were in Oklahoma in 2007?
Which event did the Boat Club claim victory in for 2013?
How many Muslims fled the Balkans with the Ottoman armies?
What is one of the ways that the Air Force uses Planning and Directing in its operations?
Elimination of what helped the efficiency of diesel traction to go up?
What was given in exchange of signing the document?
Hayek dedicated many of his papers to Popper based on a dedication Popper made to him in which of his work?
What language did Chopin's father teach?
Part of the secret agreement between the Germans and the Soviets included a neutral diplomatic approach when?
What was the result of the German attacks?
What category of race do Italian Americans normally fall under?
Which government was overthrown during the October Revolution?
What were the two proto-political parties?
How did Rome respond to their successive losses against the Macedonians?
What was Elizabeth's nickname when she was young?
What country's ships did some witnesses say were involved in the Baarawe attack?
What pronunciation did the older Dutch ol/ul/al + dental evolve into?
What are the two languages of the Babylonian Talmud?
What was the name of the counter where pubs traditionally sold alcohol to drink at home?
The treaty of Paris return how many esablishment captured by the British?
How many firestations are there?
"From what nation did Nasser support the independence of Tunisia, Algeria and Morocco?"
What were Religious officials perceived as in the Pre-Modern era?
Can real stacking be accomplished?
What did many anthropologists serve in?
Who was the Malbork Castle built for?
What century in France's history included the French École polytechnique that influenced education systems in other countries?
Starting in what year was the Communist Party outlawed in Yugoslavia?
In which direction do systemic pesticide generally travel through a plant?
Who dismissed von Neuamann's primary target city?
Which flag replaced the Soviet flag at the Kremlin?
What number can you dial from any phone for public transportation information in San Diego?
What was the name of the largest battle fought in North Carolina?
What song did Beyoncé perform at the first inaugural dance for the Obamas.
"In what year was the film version of Mary, Queen of Scots made?"
What is carefully defined in the standard?
Who are some other distinguished process theologians?
Who thought Process and Reality was little-read because the reader has to separate them from normal thought?
What organization has funded a waste management control plan on Tuvalu?
"What safety mechanisms are still required, despite lower design costs?"
What keys was Monroe popular for?
"Other than Downtown and Midtown, what area boasts a fast growing restaurant scene?"
"At the time of the novel's setting, what punishment was often received by black males for percieved sexual contact with a white woman?"
What tradition was fostered by Eisenhower's reaction to McCarthy's subpoena threats?
What special cells in the eyes communicate directly to the SCN cells?
What river does the Kings road cross
When did Armenia establish a law on privatisation?
What was the name of the deal in which Arizona was bought?
When was the LEO 1 computer first operational?
What overabundance of themes did Kanye criticize early in his career?
When did the implementers receive a Nobel Prize for making the transistor?
What is the Order of Preachers known for?
Which Spielberg films are examples of a childlike sense of wonder?
How did profit prospects for businesses look in November 2008 compared to November 2007?
How much did advertisers spend for a 30 second ad spot during American Idol in 2014?
Where is the China Tibetology Research Center located?
What unit did Eisenhower serve with at Camp Meade?
About how many Libyans died in Operation El Dorado Canyon?
What doesn't sugar change the effect of pain on?
"What are the terms ""Early Modern"" and ""Modern Ages"" used for i other countries?"
How many instrumental works did Chopin give a descriptive name to?
"What certification did Cry Like a Rainstorm, Howl Like the Wind receive?"
"What are the terms ""Early Modern"" and ""Modern Ages"" used for i other countries?"
"As of 2000, how many people lived in Ceilândia?"
What german word does the term szlachta come from?
Why were vegetal green dyes less than ideal?
Who was the Polish-British founder of Anthropology?
Where did Bell's father go to recover from illness?
The somerset level is the only area left  to commercially grow what
Which media source said Schwarzenegger was trying to deal with rumors that he might run for governor of California?
What affects the number of ions in a gauge?
What two cities in Turkey acquired institutes of technology in the 1950s?
How do the larvae of the parasitoid wasps kill their prey?
What two addtional types of birds are listed in teh Encyclopedia Britanica as poultry?
"What Allied command replaced the British India Command in August, 1943?"
Which US president became the first to receive over 80 percent of NYC votes?
Which team in 1999 had a line-up for starting that was consisted of all foreign players?
What area is directly north and south of the 38th parallel?
How fast did the 1912 tornado outbreak make tornadoes?
How many kilocalories of energy per gram is dietary fiber able to produce when successfully metabolized?
What led to the banning of the Remonstrant faith in 1618?
What type of energy production as many companies been investing in recent years?
What did the Libyan workers do to show their support of Egypt?
What was the last to be under an International Trusteeship System?
When were the first results of the energy explorations expected?
What is a name for a type of rock music that is extremely varied in sound?
When did an investigation occur under school casualties?
What marked the start of a new and sophisticated polity that would last into the colonial period?
What day did Queen Victoria celebrate her Golden Jubilee at a dinner with kings and queens from other nations?
How many contestants did this season have?
On which date were Tennessee's elected representatives restored to their offices in Washington D.C.?
The Roman Catholic Church considers Protestant denominations to be what?
What was the purpose of the Kinsale Road flyover?
Where was the capital before Ali changed it?
In the 1997-98 season how many new teams had to go back to the Football League?
Who led the British militia to drive the French out of Fort Duquesne?
Who lived at Buckingham Palace during WWI?
What doctrine was overturned by Mabo v Queensland establishing the concept of native title?
What range do area defence systems have?
What is the average high North Carolina coastal temperature on the plains in the summer?
During what era was The Defence Research and Development Organisation founded?
How many banks does London operate overseas?
How many number one DVD's has Queen released?
Why do some countries display numbers in chunks of two to four numbers?
What type of Buddhism is Tibeto-Mongolian based on?
How do archaeologists know about Sumerian agricultural practices?
What classic song did Blue Cheer cover?
What military thread did the CAF protect against in Europe?
What year did Michael Dell bring in Lee Walker to the company?
Did they have daily quotas for cotton?
How can users utilize the Kinect to interact with their 360 consoles?
Sound production is achieved using what muscular chamber?
What was the original meaning of ta'wil?
On what frequencies is an orange peel effect most noticeable?
What was presented at the ELEXCON fair in 2009?
Who invaded Armenia in 1920?
Polyphonic music included more complex voicing of what?
What is the U.S.'s largest museum complex?
In what stage is youth overwhelmed by feelings of inner turmoil regarding their sexual orientation?
What book inspired the renovation of Notre Dame?
What is the largest University in the city
What is the name of the London merchant who co-led this founding group?
Where have early Paleo -Indian tools been found?
Insect sounds come from what kind of action?
What percent of the Aboriginal population of North America was killed in the first hundred years after first contact by smallpox and measles?
What article did Thomas Edward Gordon publish?
What did Aung San Suu Kyi become a part of in Burma ?
Reform Judaism originated among what type of Jew?
Who shares power in Northern Ireland?
Who belonged to these proliferating organizations?
"What percentage did the unemployment rate reach in December, 2009?"
What motivates an external drum brake held open electrically?
Whom did the Prime Minister of England choose as secretary of state?
Which prominent journalist was victim of the killings?
Who started Mitsubishi?
What Museum has a vase with an image of an episkyros player?
How many people attended the Youth for Christ rally?
How many free-to-air television stations service Greater Melbourne and Geelong?
"Kathmandu valley contains art made of metal, terracotta, wood and what other substance?"
What caused a dramatic shift in Italian sentiment toward the war?
In what type of religion are canon laws applicable?
What characteristics did samurais want their wives to have?
Who did Alexander apoint to govern Armenia?
Who succeeded the Taira clan?
Who gave Popper its Humanist Laureate Award?
What percentage of the economy does agriculture comprise?
How far away can the S-400 detect a target?
What is the name of the core guide for pharmacists and clinicians?
Roughly how many people are part of EmoNet?
What was the average vertical slip in the Beichaun Fault?
When did Congress give the CAA the task of administering the federal-air airport program?
What temperatures did the organic deposits need to form bitumen over the eons?
Where was Calvin criticized?
Why did Hitler feel the Luftwaffe was unsuccessful in bombing raids?
What year did the Carnival start in Haiti?
Which theory proposes that adults and adolescents both weigh the potential rewards and consequences of an action?
What is the citys PBS station?
The US Supreme Court ruled that treaties can be repealed or modified by what for the purposes of US law?
What is the name of the busiest airport in Montana?
How did two of Nasser's top aids respond to the new measures?
What type of cells have a huge role in brain metabolism?
When was tyrothricin created?
What came as an expense of live singing?
When did Britain encourage immigration of workers?
What is the purpose of tax shifting?
In what year did the Turks conquer Constantinople?
Which single in the album made it to the UK number one?
What date marked the first law restricting greenhouse gas emissions?
What did these attacks accomplish?
What is the charge for recycling in Switzerland?
What became the main source of law with increasing Islamic influence in Egypt?
When was the Greek state of modern times birthed into exsistence ?
Who succeeded Nasser?
What is the ancestry of the Chinese population in Guinea-Bissau?
What is the zinc equivalent of the Grinard reaction?
What should be used when using ancestry to make inferences about individual phenotypes?
In what year was an England football match aired only via the internet for the first time?
Which British ministers disagreed with Burke's Reflections?
"Besides Carnival, what other major cruise line parks its record-breaking cruise ships in Southampton Water?"
What was the total undergrad tuition for the 2012/2013 school year?
What are cytokinins responsible for in plants?
What types of crafts can be purchased at Vernissage?
What do special referees have the ability to do?
Most of the processes of the autonomic nervous system are called what?
When did the construction of exuberant houses slow down?
What was the purpose of the Shengyang meeting?
In 1991 what money issue of the Queen was a feature of public criticism?
Who was the last Hasmonean ruler?
Where are other Non-native Christian communities found?
Which disease in particular caused the Aboriginal population to continue a decline?
When did Victoria turn 18?
What Libyan government official allegedly plotted to kill Gaddafi in 1978?
What was considered a compelling way to defame poltical rivals?
Which gender generally drive partner selection?:
The vaulted undercroft beneath the monks' dormitory has been a museum since when?
Who describes adolescence as the stage of life in which the individual's thoughts start taking more of an abstract form?
Procopius' contemporary Jordanes referred to the Slavs in what language?
Who was the leader of the East Prussian Nazi Party?
What station did Mike Marino work for in 1997?
What did the banks chose to do with the money created by the Federal Reserve instead of financing more domestic loans and refinancing mortgages?
What is the most recent era of Latin canon law?
What is limited by the ignorance of humanity?
What does using race as a category within the law legitimize?
When did Alexander die and Ptolemy assume his position?
What does EMALS stand for?
Who is the current team manager of England's football team?
The saucer domes are in whose style?
What is something the licensed military service can be used for?
What was the abbreviation for Nintendo Entertainment System?
What is kaddu ki kheer?
What reinforcements were the Saxons expecting?
How are the selected cars then readied for passengers?
What type of bomb was first developed during the Cold War?
Where did the Olympic Flame get lit?
Who assumed a position of power in 1964?
What Gallo-Romance language did Old Catalan separate from?
When was Tennessees informal secession?
Who was the first painter to King Louis XIV?
How many polonaises were published while Chopin lived?
What does CRA stand for?
Whad did Nasser's enemies call him?
Who is Tadaklan's pet that is responsible for lightning?
How many down-ballot candidates did Kerry help support?
A seismometer during the Han dynasty used what type of pendulum?
Where did the Hornets play after Hurricane Katrina?
What mall was constructed
Who celebrated his Mass for him in the square below?
What is the term for a zero difference between collector and emitter?
What government office found high levels of formaldehyde in non-wrinkle clothing in 2008?
Which country did Saint Francis of Capistrano come from?
What year did season seven of American Idol first air?
What is another name for Cabinda?
What was not well taught that led to the founding of the Royal College of Chemistry?
How far is Tucson from Mexico?
What is the oldest Slav state in Central Europe?
What was still a main factor in the Eastern Church laws?
How many rivers travel through Kathmandu?
What was the 19th century revival of Georgian architecture in the United States referred to as?
Why is gold vital to the people of Mali?
What was a great concern of many Chinese troops?
What was the name of the charity event on season six of American Idol?
In the United States in the middle of the 20th century comics were seen as a risk to culture and what?
In 1961 IBM's nondiscrimination policy was expanded to include what?
Who was a Queen of Egypt during the time when Punt and Egypt were close?
What was no wave?
How much of Brazil's population is comprised of indigenous peoples?
When did the Pregones' new theater open?
Who is the director of the San Diego Symphony?
What did the rebels overthrow during the rebellion
Where does CES sponsor BYU's sister schools?
Which administration called for investigation into the soundness of GSEs in the early and mid-2000s?
What was the result of the fury of Europe?
"Who did the Cubs trade to the Texas Rangers for Mike Olt, C.J. Edwards, Neil Ramirez, and Justin Grimm?"
What year was Bern founded?
What organization created the Cryptologic Spectrum?
When did Archimedes die?
What religion did Arabs bring to Egypt?
What aims to provide an alternate definition of liberty from Isaiah Berlin's positive and negative forms of liberty?
What year did the Saint Helena Constitution officially take effect?
Who was set to lead the PLO?
What has a role in the dispersal of propagules of plants and plankton?
What caused a delay in the production of high quality records?
What do critics usually call these lawyers?
Denmark and Norway remained in the Kalmar Union until what year?
What group dominated in western and central India at the start of the 13th century?
What is the term for prime minister in Pakistan?
What is considered central to the teachings of Buddhism?
Where did the population of Detroit shift to in the second half of the 20th century?
what label were the burrell's briefly with before their success?
How is deer stalking with rifles carried out?
Out of how many of the white fireman got a promotion afterwards?
How many Plymouth residents are employed in defense?
What is expected to have an effect on migration timing?
What farming pest management technique does the use of GM grown plants promote?
"What is makes more of a difference than race in health outcomes for ""race specific"" diseases?"
What former contestant did Ace Young ask to marry him?
The parliament in Berlin is called what?
What issue has moved to the forefront in recent years?
Which continents have some form of Protestantism?
How long has  Yale Field been open and active?
What food gathering techniques could have been used by early man at the same time?
What replaced the fallen empires of the 19th century?
Is Israel considered a safe state for egyptians?
How old was George H. Brimhall when he completed High School?
"On May 3, 1856, how many Pitcairners left for Norfolk Island?"
Who did the relative of the doctor marry?
In which year was Villa assassinated?
What project was Fermi working for?
What was Chiang Kai-Shek's strongest army?
"Who administered the ""Pencil Test""?"
What was the earliest divergence within the Neognathes?
What denominations did the Third Great Awakening affect?
"What year was Albert Edward, Queen Victoria's first born son born?"
What is the Royal Gold Medal awarded for?
Where is the La Verrier ring from the center of Neptune?
Most of Tennessee has which type of climate?
For how many years had the My Pyramid graphic been released at the time of the Mississippi Delta study?
What is the annual precipitation in Iran's western plains?
How many people can sit in the audience at Eton's main theatre?
What was the professions of Joseph Dobrovský?
The Slavs make their first appearance in Byzantine records when?
What island did Great Britain lose in 1756?
What is the way modern classification tries to determine species?
What type of elevator is featured?
Dragonflys use what kind of propulsion?
Where was the Foxconn plant located?
What initiative provided censors with the abillity to appoint new senators?
Where did the capital move to after the reign of Guangwu?
Which city became the launching place for expeditions into New Mexico?
When did Himachal emerge as the 18th state of the Indian Union?
Which contestant from season eight suffered the loss of a spouse?
How many square feet of office space did Houston have in Uptown in 2002?
What view did Louis Agassiz have of On the Origin of Species?
Who wrote and provided art for a Twilight Princess comic book series?
What year saw the establishment of the Islamic Center of Virginia?
"According to myth, what property did all seventy versions of the bible have?"
Who recorded the earliest records of migration?
"In rural Poland areas, what is considered medicinal for lungs?"
Why were the controllers hard-wired to the console with no connectors?
How does Link express emotions?
What Industry was important in the late 18th and 19th century of North Somerset
What category do parasitic bacteria fall into?
Who created the oldest surviving architecture plans?
where was Nigeria's third satellite launched?
Are you able to search most of the records online today?
What structural benefit is offered by the Gothic vault?
What leader was the first consul of the Roman Republic?
What is the antebellum age?
When was the University of the Republic founded?
Who plays their games at Fenway park?
What was the name of the hairdresser's assistant Schwarzenegger fell for in July of 1977?
"Public spending has risks of kickbacks, embezzlement and what?"
Where is Every Nations Churches located?
Where does transcription occur in eukaryotes?
What radio stationed owned by NBC played only soft rock?
What do deuterostomes and protostomes have in common?
In what sort of electrolyte does the oxide layer on an aluminum anode remain stable?
Which organism has the most genes?
Israel has the largest number of what per square meter in the basin?
What may see benefits from the Marshalls joining the International Labour Organization?
What does dharmas mean?
What leader twice fainted during the funeral?
How is the USB data transmitted?
How many Apostles were there at the Last Supper?
"When Tennessee's border was first defined, territory west of which river was considered for future annexation?"
Who was responsible for dealing with chaotic train yards and unloaded wagons?
How many children did Pelagija bore for Tito?
"In the first half of 2010, what percentage of shooting victims were African-American or Hispanic?"
What determines how the referee acts?
A colder city like Lugo has how many days with frosts?
Which denomination of Christianity is more common in the eastern part of Mediterranean Europe?
Where are equine events hosted?
Who described the sailboats of the Estonians as pirate ships?
What type of bridge originated in China?
What year was peripheral pattern theory developed?
How many years was Saint Athanasius of Alexandria in exile?
What was the name of the new regime created when the Cisalpine Republic separated from Switzerland?
At which college did Feyman turn down a job?
What quote sums up PC World's 2006 assessment of PS3?
Who was concerned with Russia  capturing Constantinople?
When did the Smallpox epidemic take place?
What document called for Israel to abandon land it obtained during the war?
In what year did the state of New York eliminate slavery?
Where is the Semetic Akkadian language found preserved after 2800 BC?
In what era did Iranian visual art reach its peak?
What is the native language meaning of Tuvalu?
How many active mandolin orchestras does the Madiera Island have?
What year did Armenia begin competiting in the Olympics seperate from the USSR?
Who vetoed Omar Pasha from landing in Georgia?
"After Gaddafi left the University of Libya, what institution did he attend?"
Why might two plants be similar but not actually be in the same group?
The Sassanid became a cornerstone of what type of learning?
What is the lightest density of paper produced?
On average children attain how many years of education?
How long should the plastic bottles filled with water be exposed to sunlight during Solar water disinfection?
What type of animal crosses between Europe and Africa during the Autumn?
What book was printed by Isaac Newton in 1687?
What was Tucson's population in 1920?
Which Orthodox leaders are free to adapt canon as required?
What is one role that the friars served as to the nuns?
When did Hisham's reign start?
When do the pictograms suggest Sumerians had domesticated livestock?
What chain of pubs reported favorable profits in June 2009?
How long was the secret agreement between Germany and the Soviets?
What type of design did these texts allow the builders to incorporate?
Spacial orientation/homing allows an insect to return to one specific hole among how many?
"The presence of whom in the French ""lodges of adoption"" formed in the 1780s was die to the close ties shared with aristocratic society?"
What is one of the most dangerous jobs for USAF personnel?
Who was Charles Evans Hughes?
What does Jody Rosen say influenced Beyoncé's vocal style?
What was the value of the estimated 13 million substandard loans held by Fannie and Freddie in 2008?
Spacial orientation/homing allows an insect to return to one specific hole among how many?
What is Kathmandu's majority religion?
How is toxicity sometimes visibly displayed by insects as a warning?
How many local jobs are produced by the University of Houston?
What become critical when a person is non-verbal?
What French Magazine cover did the media criticize?
How long do passage migrants stop and feed before resuming migration?
Why did families send their girls to Diego's monastery?
When did efforts begin to try and identify the origins of Ashkenazi Jews through DNA analysis?
What type of society was seen that came from Raimon's 29 ways?
Who was the last Chief Minister of Norfolk Island?
What type of weather does Seattle have in the winter months?
What reached it height during the reign of Shah Jehan?
What does Brasilia's metro area consist of?
What is the name of the largest reservoir in the state?
What year was the Sanat Monica Pier buildt?
Where were the symbols carved on?
What Arkansas militia unit did Eisenhower federalize in 1957?
Where is the city's photographic library?
How is the traditional desktop evironment opened?
What simple color distinction can heartwood have that makes it stand out from living wood in a tree?
What was the name of the war lost by the Maratha states in 1818?
What was the bestselling drug in history?
For how many seasons was American Idol the most watched show in the US?
What is one of the foundational aspects post-punk is deeply favorable towards?
What gun made the scene in 1910?
What is a term for a grouping of local schools that cannot exist independently?
When does infection begin?
What was one historic theory of the szlachta origins?
"If passengers don't want to take a train to the airport, what other transport is available?"
What actor was scheduled to attend a San Francisco Olympic protest?
When did Japan finish invading Korea?
"What magazine said Beyoncé was the ""best-dressed celebrity""?"
How did the first Gulf War end?
Netscape wanted to have a competitive browser using what?
Which column did Piers Morgan edit at The Sun?
How much financial aid did Northwestern process for the 2009-2010 academic year?
Why do sexual organisms have two copies of each chromosome?
What language is New Mexico's language written in?
What is the name of Oklahoma Cities memorial?
Do different countries refer to plants by different names?
When were the first women's Olympic competitions held?
"As of April 2014, how many albums have Jay Z and Beyonce sold together?"
What was Avicenna known for?
It was found that the Y-chromosome of Ashkenazi and Sephardic Jews contained mutations that are uncommon with what other people?
To what climate change condition does Tuvalu's low elevation make it susceptible?
"In what year did the three original  cantons join with five other cantons to form the ""Old Confederacy"" of eight states?"
The early Queen logo resembled the coat of arms of what country?
Strict rules were put in place to appease what monetary fund?
What is the head of Monaco's government called?
What organization regulates building heights in San Diego?
What was the name given to these dummy airfields?
In what year was the Union of Utrecht signed?
What is the name of one Dominican Order institution of learning?
Why did Poland deny the proposal of the Soviet Union protecting them from a German Attack?
How was early German culture developed?
Major cities like Jakarta and Johannesburg rank below New Delhi in what key statistic?
Who conquered Tansaxania?
What kind of movement was modern architecture in the beginning?
What web browser does the Open Document Format have compatibility with?
How many units of the Wii version of Twilight Princess had been purchased by the end of March 2011?
What year was hazardous working conditions limited to children in Brazil?
What have differences among groups not typically been perceived as being?
What happened at the end of the Cold War?
What plummeting numbers of this species caused a decline in predator numbers?
Whch astronomer developed a heliocentric system?
What side of a building should trees be planted without greatly affecting solar gain in the winter?
"What, in contrast to glass, doesn't let light pass through?"
What is the refractive index of air?
Can new clubs play too?
How long did it take for states like New York to abolish all slave laws?
The Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves are held at which location in NYC?
What date was the new name of the war released?
Corruption in what creates weak provision of services?
What event resulted in the triumph of Serbia over Bulgaria in 1330?
What style are the spires at Burgos Cathedral?
"Which country marketed a clone called ""Family Game?"""
"Prior to spreading, how hot is mastic asphalt heated?"
What pope was involved in the Investiture Controversy?
When was the tide-predicting machine invented by Sir William Thomson invented?
What is a round-off entry vault called?
"When calculating the integral to determine the charge on the electrodes of a capacitor, what does the constant of integration that must be added represent?"
Who was the Dutch Admiral in charge of the East Indies?
What was Eisenhower's title after Germany's surrender?
How small were the earliest discs released?
Who seems to be released from any art and religious conformities?
How much of Houston's population is white?
Who was left on the island to recover when sick?
Where did the BeiDou-2 system start offering services in 2012?
Who founded al-Qarawiyin University?
How many Japanese ships were sunk in 1944 by United States submarines?
What is another term for Great Power?
What year did Palmerston die?
What was the name of the general sent to Paris by Napoleon to organize a coup against the royalists there?
What did BBC Television get absorbed into?
What was the first consideration for the OKL to support Directive 23?
Females in Rajasthan wear what type of traditional clothing?
What color are conch shells?
How long was Disraeli in office?
Who is responsible for the creation of the Newer Orthography?
What group was identified as being inferior to Europeans?
When was the first transistor implemented for practical use?
What are madaris referred to as in Indonesia and Malaysia?
When did the Bronx Museum of the Arts open?
In what year did Eisenhower matriculate to West Point?
What relationship proposed on the basis of morphological evidence has recently been disputed?
What is undoubtedly a cause of the increase in obesity related diseases that are becoming prevalent?
What did System R work on to change the way data was stored?
Where did the route start for the torch in Dar es Salaam?
What foundation was laid that is the demographics of Modern Greek Enlightenment Era ?
WHat caste system does the hindu society have?
"""The Tunnel Project"" was later officially named what?"
What film was known in English as Going Places?
When did devolution in the UK begin?
What has begun pressuring department stores in more recent years?
Who had a separate military force for controlling nuclear ICBMs?
What percentage of the Estonia language includes Low Saxon words?
What historic landmark is near the entrance to the Berggarten?
What used to be the main party district of Mexico City?
What company has a them park attraction known as The American Idol Experience?
What measure of distance described the nearness of the Angel's approach to Mohammad?
Padma Vibhushan E. Sreedharan was popularly known by what nickname?
When did the Ming first request Tsongkhapa to come to court?
What is another word for Dukkha?
Where did sociology culture stem from?
What year marks the end of the period of the terminal eastward Lapita expansion?
What is the official journal of New York City?
How is culture defined?
To what ancient philosopher did Darwin trace some of his evolutionary ideas?
Name 3 artists that CBS Associated Records signed on in the 80s and 90s?
What is offered at the initiation of young men during familly-festival apellai?
In what year was the name stout first used to describe a dark beer?
Who was involved merger of the smaller states into the two largest factions of Myanmar ?
How many manufacturing workers does Paris have?
What did she agree to do for 50 million dollars in 2012?
What is the size of the smallest bird?
What is pork often called in Israel?
Prajna is the wisom that is able to extinguish afflictions and bring about what?
How many launch titles did the 360 have in Japan?
How many people were living in Northern Cyprus according to the 2006 census?
The Holiday Festival of Lights are held where?
What award did Nakamura receive in 2006 for his invention?
Who took over Samoa?
In what year did Pope Pius IV wrote abou tthe selecting of cardinals?
What were paddy fields used for primarily to grow in smaller areas?
What was Sparta's afilliation in the Peloponnese?
Madero received support from which country?
Where is the Bucopho chairman elected?
Where can you trace back the origins of Presbyterianism back to?
What are some of the most common agents?
Who are some of the most important philosophers in history?
What do Islamic anti-masonics link Freemasonry to?
Who ranked BYU as the best college in Utah?
What year did an accident occur at a German facility with molten steel because of the change to DST?
What new groups were formed as a result of the Third Great Awakening?
What type of access is available?
"Where was AT&T's ""Picturephone"" device unveiled?"
Duties from customs represent what amount of Swaziland government revenue?
When did a rescue team depart?
Who did Tony Blair side with?
How much money was the damage worth?
What is an example of an obligate relationship?
How many states does Nigeria have?
"By 2004-05, what percentage of players in the Premier League were from outside the UK and Ireland?"
Where did Stalin engage in an aggressive political strategy?
What online activity has the largest number of reported adolescent particpation?
Who was the first to refer to culture as sociology?
"After Lake Urmia, Persis then shifted over to what region?"
How much does the Swiss autoroute network charge for a toll sticker to use Swiss roadways for a year?
How many seats does the Fisher Theater have?
In what year were the first streetcars used in Seattle?
How tall are Eagle Rock and Dans Mountain?
What edict did Pope Pius XXIII issue regarding the body of Christ?
What does the acronym LED refer to?
Late 19th century is marked by what event?
Who was last ruler of Ptolemaic Kingdom?
What type of league commonly plays unstructured exhibition games?
Which two cities are served by major airlines?
What is the exact setting for FM News & Talk?
Who did George III try to please with the Quebec Act of 1774?
What was Plymouth' per capita GVA in 2013?
The agreement between the Nazis and the Soviets split what countries up?
Who is one advocate of copyleft?
Which series of applications was Claris responsible for inventing?
What doesn't the genetic variation within the human species support?
What company produces Plymouth Gin?
How was wax used to improve recordings?
What did the Art of Noise hope to accomplish?
In what borough is the Unisphere located?
How many British soldiers were rescued by the Chinese 38th Division on April 16??
What church is said to be responsible for the formation of universities?
What school awarded Kanye west an honorary doctorate?
Who led the third voyage?
What year did Chopin die?
How much time did Tito give Dubcek to fly to Prague?
What book was printed by Isaac Newton in 1687?
Who is the most well-known modern Somali writer?
What is Hinkley point C
What outcome had most people expected from the war?
Steel and manganese combines form to make what?
About how many passengers come through the Mexico City International Airport each year?
How do viewers vote for a contestant using Fan Save?
What will a person often do with extremely stressful memories?
What subject matter does post-punk commonly mesh its musical sensibilities with?
Which two influential periodicals  were closely associated with London coffee house culture and were sold from 1909 to 1714?
Under which king were the heresy laws repealed in 1547?
What requirements do engineered wood products meet?
What theory  did Einstein have reservations about?
Who was treated as second class citizens under the Ottomans?
Who did Aberdeen appoint the position of British ambassador to the Ottoman Empire to?
In what period did Africa beak off from Antarctica?
How are oaths taken?
Where did the people of the Mali empire immigrate to?
WHen was the state flower adopted?
What percentage of the top 100 world chess players come from the Ashkenazi Jewish community?
Why was the campus police established?
What was the latest version of iTunes as of mid-2015?
Where was IRENE developed?
When did the great Depression end?
Which candidate went on to win the South Carolina primary?
How many Georgians speak Russian actively?
"Who coined the term ""splat cooling""?"
Who designed the cover of Queen's second album?
The hierarchical position of treaties relative to domestic legislation in Brazil determines whether the latter can do what to the former and vice versa?
Who has criticized the IASP's system?
Green space and open water comprises what percent of London?
What is the name of the English dialects that are written and spoken in Cork?
What is another speed that can also be reported by the camera?
Where is the Art Deco style badge design used prominently?
What city plan helped redevelop the Bronx?
Where are old master graphic arts until 1871 displayed?
The Seljuk Empire was influenced by the cultures of others resulting in it being referred to as what?
Who had taken control of Luoyang?
What is the weather like in the summer time in the British Isles?
How much cargo do railways transport per year?
Hoe does she describe Oprah Winfrey?
Which organization spoke against the courts ruling?
What is an example of a passive solar technique?
Nicky Minaj became a spokesperson for which brand of soda after seeing Beyonce involved with it?
The cultivation of dana and what kind of conduct refine consciousness?
What religions were English scientists in the 17th century?
How much money did the Idol Gives Back event raise in 2007?
Air attacks headed by  Germany increased in 1915 in what area?
"What annual festival, celebrated on New Haven Green, memorializes the New Haven's passage into the Revolutionary War?"
Which presidential adminstration limited the protective status of critical habitat in 1986?
How are states that enter into a treaty bound?
When were silver dollars first minted?
What did Sand begin referring to Chopin as as his illness got worse?
What type of games is Santa Monica featured in?
Who was Duke of Normandy in 1066?
Why did nuclear arms negotiations with Russia fail prior to 1955?
On what river is Valencia located?
On what date was a study created to research the impart of women in direct involvement?
How many more deaths does malaria cause vs. AIDS?
In what year did The Walt Disney Company open The American Idol Experience?
Who did Madonna kiss at the MTV Video Music Awards?
How long was Tom Playford in political power?
What were potential benefits of the CD-4 format?
What did the tachymetric devices do?
How much is being spent on a water purification plant at the Croton Watershed?
How old was Gorbachev when he was elected as the General Secretary?
What was the original name of the Arsenal team?
How many contestants auditioned for the fourth season of American Idol?
What countries were party to The First Partition of Poland?
For what was Augustus's reformed system of government notiable?
What happened in 1976 that impacted this primate's classification as Endanger?
In what current country is Trier located?
Who has the record for scoring the most goals in single season?
What word means polytechnic school in Finnish?
Where was the 62nd AES Convention held?
Where does the groove on a vinyl record typically start?
What is a major problem with using bipolar transistors as switches?
What year did Melbourne cease in serving as the nations interim seat of government?
What is the scientific name for cell division?
What describes communication as creative and dynamic rather than discrete?
What state is American Idol winner Kris Allen from?
When did an angel supposedly speak to Bathurst?
What part of the Marshall Islands experienced drought in 2013?
What is different about a true predator?
Where do male emporer penguins keep eggs?
What religion alleged Freemasons as unnatural and irrational?
What can create a subsequent increase of nutrients in natural environment?
Who did the Tsar send on a mission to Ottoman Sublime Porte?
What is considered contrary to idealist beliefs in regards to space?
Where is the open-air sitting of Tynwald usually held?
What physical factor must be continuously monitored during temperature studies>
What was the general age group of the members of the RCC?
What kind of battery does the iPod use?
Who were rich enough to afford multiple lovers?
Who played Donovan in 'Bridge of Spies'?
What gene is responsible for coding for a sodium channel necessary for conducting pain nerve stimuli?
Who made the demonstration in 1943?
During which months do glacial earthquakes peak in Greenland?
What did Avicenna want to reconcile with Islamic theology?
"According to Dulles, why was Diem made president of Vietnam?"
What was the approximate cost to build the Emirates Airline Cable Car?
How far was the relay route in kilometers in the Middle East?
What is the occupation of Trevor Francis?
What was the name of the hurricane in 2003?
What was the percentage the Dow Jones fell in the Great Depression?
"In the decade following the war, where did a large portion of the BBC move to?"
When was CLIPSAS set up?
Which Oxford professor believed that the Bible should be the sole authority in religious questions?
What immigrant groups were the most prevalent in the Bronx?
"In 1860, what fraction of the city population was composed of Irish immigrants?"
Where was east Antarctica during the Cambrian period?
What method does Spanish use to identify the object?
Who were the candidates in the vice presidential debate at Washington University?
"Although withdrawal from a treaty may not be possible in theory, when might it be possible anyway?"
What is Jethro Burns commonly known for?
On what date did the league announce its schedule for 2016?
Who was implicated in the attempted assassination of Joseph I?
What was Carnivore renamed to?
What percent of CDO assets were subprime and other non-prime mortgage debt in 2007?
What position did Eisenhower informally hold?
What airport was designed by Alumnus Eero Saarinen?
What is youtube red?
In which event did the rainforests collapsed in the carboniferous?
A 2006 study found Ashkenazi Jews to be a what?
How large is the military of Burma ?
When was Manchukuo created?
Who staffs the one ambulance available on Norfolk Island?
How long did the US and its coalition partners have to occupy Iraq?
"In Sumerian society, who oversaw the operation of the first formal schools?"
What are some famous Cypriot artists?
When did Gorbachev make his final Kremlin exit?
Which species are great wanderers?
Which French mathematician expanded on earlier work of Paolo Ruffini and Joseph-Louis Lagrange?
In what year was the SFA founded?
When are reception statutes invaild?
In what year did Lodygin demonstrate a lamp at the World's Fair?
Which two Tennessee counties cover the area that comprised North Carolina's Tennessee County?
Can renewable source of electricity be used in mobile power plants?
Where did children go to work after doing farm work for so long?
What is the limitation of the two step process?
What tool was used to improve sound quality in early recordings for special effects?
Where did the Sumerians usually locate their granaries and storehouses?
What is it about the middle of Chopin's nocturnes that increases their drama?
What was part of the territory of bishopric
What are some of the traditional drinks of Mexico City?
Which studio funded Close Encounters?
What is Dukkha?
what was the  name of the person who was once a large  shareholder in EIC and talk to the issues with with the new Regulating bill in 1793?
Is I-91 similar to I-95 in terms of bad traffic?
Why did Sell consider the questions regarding sexual attraction the most important?
What does J. Barrie Jones feel stands supreme of Chopin's concert pieces?
The pact according to Edward Carr’s view was to provide what between Germany and the Soviet Union?
When did the European brance finally directly distribute throughout Europe?
How many feet above sea level does earth's highest mountain rise?
In what year did Emperor Wu begin a series of attacks in Xiongnu territories?
In what ways was Howard similar to Paul Keating?
When was 'Bonfire of the Vanities' published?
What is the length of the border that Estonia shares with Lativa?
In what year did Gaddafi's second resignation occur?
How many tourists visited Galicia in 2007?
What whole region did the East India company get control over after the Carnatic Wars?
What could the sun's energy do to help limit climate change?
How long have railroads been important since in Montana
What is the ratio of boron to potassium nitrate in green pyrotechnic flares?
Who is leading the China American Football League?
What year was a declaration of e-military introduced?
What part of France did the Caen stone come from?
What near Neptune did a spacecraft visit dangerously close?
"How many travelers visited JFK, LaGuardia and Newark Liberty in 2012?"
"Outside of oxidized fats, what is another substance that is deemed harmful that can be found in processed foods?"
The next layer's surface-to-air missiles are carried by what?
When did Outcault's The Yellow Kid appear in newspapers?
There is high percentage of interracial marriage between what two groups?
What would the use of a new carriageway do in Alsace?
What year was the name changes to the City of Boston?
When was the first transistor created?
Which regions have the lowest rate of literacy in the Muslim world?
What was one reason why the Dominican Order was established?
What historic trail does the Farmington Canal Trail follow?
What did the English call New Amsterdam after its capture?
What has been the GDP of Tuvalu in 2008?
Benito Juarez was reelected in which year?
What are gompas?
What established The European Central Bank?
What did Eannatum annex?
Financial institutions cannot all de-leverage simultaneously without a decline in the value of this?
What marine regiment reached the summit of Mount Suribachi?
Who did Kuruma negotiate with?
How can a minority leader attempt to set some agenda for house?
How was the Ottoman Empire portrayed in the press?
How do Jehovah Witnesses believe that Jesus rules?
What type of regulations make corruption worse for public spending?
Which judge joined the panel?
What was the title of Hyder Ali?
What gives Congress limited power to enact statutes?
Date Records released what major success in 1969?
Dog minds have been shaped by thousands of years of contact with what species?
Who placed it in his 1787 work?
When is it damaging?
In what state did Kanye West record them majority of his fourth album?
"Are comb filters exact, or is some data smudged?"
What type of geography is in Raleigh?
What river flows into the River Thames?
How does sterilisation help to keep the money flow even?
When did the Seventh-day Adventist arrive on the island?
What is it about Antarctic meteorites that is different form meteorites found in other places?
In what year did the Heiji Rebellion occur?
What is the name of Apple's hardware engineering chief who helped design the iPod?
What are the reasons that lead to a decline of child labour?
Who died before seeing Buckingham Palace's completion?
What brigade is headquartered at Fort Hamilton?
Which island is part of Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park?
What did the Spanish call this region?
How many Mexican hispanics live in greater Boston?
When was the edict written?
What was the league renamed after the title sponsorship deal?
How many troops had the Japanese lost?
What did the English call New Amsterdam after its capture?
What dam began to provide water to Hyderabad in 2005?
What band does Chris Daughtry sing for?
What is New Zealand's native population called?
How did Melbourne grow as major port for exporting the agricultural products?
What group sold the land to the Puritans?
Where is the Hotel Lux located in Russia?
What other tree is common there?
A hot topic in Greece in the 19th century was what?
How is hydrogen used at power stations?
"Along with locals and tourists, who eats at Kathmandu's restaurants?"
What was the name of Flinders book about his trip to Australia?
What are Italian dialects termed in the Italian language?
When was the Sentinel Newspaper introduced?
"The term, the New Haven Approach was what exactly?"
What would be problematic for a multilingual character set or font to provide?
What kind of people can join Saint Fm Radio Community?
In what year was the book Gut Reactions by Jesse Prinz published?
"What caused Oklahoma's temperature to plummet 66 degrees on Nov 11, 1911?"
What was the name of Bachman's Turing Award presentation in 1973?
"Besides Arda Turan, what other player became eligible to play in 2016?"
What was established to deal with the issues surrounding prisoners of war?
When did Djibouti achieve independence?
What kind of influence was Melbourne to Victoria?
What program allowed users to exchange iPod Nanos which suffered from overheating problems with new safe models?
How are Alpine plants grouped?
"By using UTC, applications get out of adjusting to changes around clock shifts and what other factor?"
What Greek word is Christian derived from?
What percentage of Americans supported legal hunting in 2006?
Who do Shia Muslims believe can approach Quranic truths besides God and Muhammad?
What does Ganondorf crush?
What Heavy Metal band had a video game in which Queen was featured?
Which way did the Russians believe they should have traveled?
What problem must be solved before multi-color LEDs can play a role in the market?
How was Kevadon distributed to doctors?
In what languages did Dante and Boccaccio create their works?
What accounted for 1.1% of browser use in April 2011?
What language can be found used in Kosovo and Albania?
In what year did Rogers Cable begin to include TCM?
How many of the Burmese  people are predicted to work in Thailand without authorization
"Outside of state funded schools, and funds coming from donors, how might a university collect funds?"
Dogs die as a result of Croatian wolf encounters more than what kind of animal?
The Roman Catholic Church objection to Freemasons are based on what?
During industrialization a human group is turned into what?
"Who produced the compilation ""No New York""?"
What is one area where captive slaves were sent?
what did the FCC adopt for the internet?
The first road that connected Atlantic City to the mainland was completed in what year?
What was a major issue with CD-4 technology?
What sold out venue did Queen play in Canada?
How simple is the process of transformation?
Where was the first stop of the Beagle Expedition?
"What was the original name of Kanye's album ""SWISH""?"
There is an intermediate state between one life and the next according to what Buddism?
What is the name of the Act that formerly governed Norfolk Island?
When did Tito first visit India?
Name one author who is less frequently the subject of a variorum.
The militia that fought in New Haven was lead by who?
"According to the census of 2000, what percentage of Swiss are Jehova's Witnesses?"
When did the change from Old Iranian to Middle Iranian occur?
How long did it take to transfer Youtube's content to Apple's standard?
Webcomics reach large audiences and new what?
When did the second Yugoslavia start?
How many more bridges have been built since the first one was completed?
What two instruments did Chopin's father play?
"In Southern Africa, Dutch has developed over many years into what daughter language?"
What is another name for Guinea pepper?
Spectre passed which movie to become the highest grossing IMAX release in the UK?
What is the most popular sport in Portugal?
Dogs are considered to be predators and what else?
During what season is DST usually not observed because of the detriments of dark mornings?
Who shot Daphne with a leaden arrow?
What proposition explains the equivalency of the recieving pattern of an antenna?
What does ethnohistory use both historical and ethnographic data as?
"After uniting the area, what title was Harsha given?"
What about Beyonce has influenced many entertainers?
What is specified in big-game hunting?
Who owned the trademark to the Portland Thunder?
What materials were 45 rpm records made of?
Which rail station is Melbourne's busiest?
Why did Darwin wonder why all of nature isn't chaotic and random?
When did the Austrian filming of Spectre finish?
What is the Latin form of Chopin's name?
Detroit Medical Center has become a part of what Health System?
To what were the first kings of Rome associated?
Who released Spiral Scratch on their own label?
Where did this lobbying budget place the company among all entities in the country?
The concept of native title was established by what court case?
How many times have Premier League teams have won the Champions League since 1992-2013?
How are the politics of Zhejiang structured?
Why was NBC criticized over its Olympic coverage?
Who employed Latimer when he developed his first patent?
Is it believed that Mary carried no transgression which would require blame ?
What kills more residents than AIDS?
"When a dog has a camouflage pattern on its coat, this is called what?"
What is taken as the basis of an analysis?
When did Spielberg and Irving marry?
What did the Patriot Act make it easier to do to immigrants?
What is the symbol for Zinc?
Where did Beyoncé perform for four nights of standing room only concerts in 2011?
Which company runs NBC Universal?
What did post-punk artists feel there was an imperative to constantly do?
What river runs along the Jordan Rift Valley?
In what elementary grades is Bosnian an optional course?
How many of the South Africans surveyed in 1996 said they speak at least a little Afrikaans?
Who advises the Chief of the Defence?
What two forms of law make up the laws of the United States?
How much was the settlement GlaxoSmithKline agree to?
How many people had their sentences commuted by State v. Santiago?
Which era included a rapid growth period?
In which direction does the River Thames run through the City of London?
How much does the Cyber Security Cooperation Program cost?
What is not always respected in popular use?
The granting of Doctorate degrees first occurred in what year at Notre Dame?
"Along with West Hoe and Radford, where was Middle Devonian limestone quarried in the region?"
Who is in charge of Ostia?
What area of the console did TechRadar feel was designed poorly compared to the original PS3?
What size CD is most frequently used?
On what date did the Olympic Flame get lit?
Currency gradually disappeared around what year?
How many galleys were available by the end of 1204?
Who provided the basis for Midna's voice?
What do unstressed vowels reduce to in Western Catalan?
What percentage of Tuvalu crops were destroyed during  Cyclone Pam?
Buddhists call anapanasati what?
What was the recording time available on a 12 inch disc?
Who created Westminster Abbey as the Collegiate Church of St Peter Westminster?
Who founded the Spoleto Festival USA?
In what years would you find electronic recordings played electronically?
What was the practice of religion to the Romans?
Why did the Nicaraguans come to America?
What was absinthe known as?
Were the Arians united in their oppostion?
Who headed the UN effort to rebuild CAR?
What is Persis known as today?
What famous stuntman sued Kanye for purported use of his likeness in 2006?
How is a promoter sequence recognized?
"What major event did Beyoncé perform at on February 1, 2004?"
How many notes are in a hepatonic scale?
What financial innovation enabled investment banks and hedge funds to make large wagers?
What months do the summer rains happen?
What happened to the Summer Palace?
What did this research also show about face-shape?
HTML and XHTML should be what by all browsers?
What is the minority religion?
What is the literal translation of madrasah?
What does ozone depletion cause in the southern atmosphere?
"Along with autopsies, what is it erroneously believed that the medieval Church forbade?"
During what period did Eisenhower attend the Command and General Staff College?
How many stadiums have been closed down since Premier League started?
How many UEFA Champions League titles has Barcelona won?
Who were the most commercially successful bands of the post-punk revival?
What program has effectively eliminated the boll weevil in the US?
What was the name of the only turret ship that was able to conduct operations?
What was the regnal name of the Duke of York?
Name three approaches software testers take when testing their software?
What is the warmest month in Estonia?
What is a scholae monasticae?
What did Bismarck consider social insurance programs to be?
What does the American Pyschological Association say sexual orientation refers to?
"What field did Bell later work in, apart from optical telecommunications and aeronautics?"
Who says Russian has 6 vowels?
How many people are in London's Metropolitan area?
What's the name for the measurement of a laminate's change in thickness as its temperature changes?
What is COMESA?
"Who prepared the plan known as ""the Grand Model""?"
Boston is at the East end of what Interstate?
In what year was the Sixth Coalition formed?
Who was supposed to inspect building to see if they met national standards?
Which body was formed in 1500?
What is highly labile?
Where are HNIC broadcasts aired?
Who got a spot in the top 12 after Mario Vasquez dropped out?
When did new cases of TB infection start going down?
Which state was NOT a part of the Federal Republic in 1949?
What is BYU's parent organization?
What highway circles the outer areas of Houston?
Electromagnetic fields obey what laws?
What does research show about sexual orientation?
When did the Iranian army push the Iraqis back into Iraq?
When did the English dub for the sixth season start airing?
Around how many units could be expected to be contained within a cohort?
Who was ultimately able to claim victoy in Port Said?
What year were students killed as part of a road cleanup project?
The delay in support by certain powerful members meant the Convention was largely powerless for over how many decades?
Was the administration of George Washington nonpartisan?
What advantages do the terms androphilia and gynephilia have?
Southampton's history of administrative independence dates back to the reign of which king?
"Typically, what color are London taxi cabs?"
Lionel Robbins' The Great Depression was a result of his support for what?
What percentage read it?
Who goaded the French into war by editing a telegram sent by William I?
Who was the doctor related to?
On which side of the war were the Chinese?
What are some examples of Ages in Egypt?
Do hemimetabolous insects change quickly or gradually?
What language was commonly used in scholarly mathematical writings prior to the 19th century?
"Whose work, Canzoniere, is considered to be the first example of modern lyric poetry?"
Who serves as president of the Senate?
How many newspaper offices are located in New York?
"After their agreement together, Beyonce's and Topshop"" new business was called what?"
Who choreographed Chopiniana?
What were the names given to the various dialects predating the 19th century?
How many comics did Marvel sell during 1968?
What style of architecture is the A.C. Goode House?
What is required for animals with zinc deficiency to gain the same weight as animals with sufficient zinc?
What book was written by Robert Boyle in 1661?
"In Ancient India, which vernacular languages existed alongside Sanskrit?"
What year did Lee and Capote go to Kansas together?
What is Helen Meles noted for?
Who was the first President of Namibia?
Nader Shah took back what territories that were annexed by the Ottomans and the Russians?
How often is Boston's climate plan updated?
What global industry owes its existence to having been domesticated by indigenous Americans?
When did the issuance of CDO peak?
What was John's nickname?
The USB Power Delivery revision 2.0 specification has been released as part of what?
What is the name of the largest zoo in Hyderabad?
What is the state capital of Florida
Why do cells of Myxobacteria migrate towards each other?
Several species of which type dot the steppe and transition zone?
Who became his ideological mentor in prison?
What patterns does sociocultural anthropology get up in the morning to learn about?
What were rabbis from the ghettos forced to march through the city streets wearing?
How many Baptists registered for the meeting in Atlanta?
On what date was the National Museum formally inaugurated?
How far back can the first known examples of Iranian visual art be traced to?
What releases another store of potential energy which was created at the time of the Big Bang?
What policy could not be abandoned in 1964?
Who owned the major corporation that bought The Times in 1981?
Who was Frédéric a guest of during his stay in Berlin in 1829?
Who invented the double indirect method?
What order is the breakdown field strength for air dielectric capacitors of?
What type of evidence indicated that the C-Group spoke Afroasiatic languages of the Berber branches?
What does mangnging refer to that directly involves one major human scense?
Where was the first open competition for brass bands held?
During was era did Buddhism first appear in the region?
How many stations are in the Mexico City metro system?
What new idea did Beyonce and her mother launch in 2009?
What scenes were popular in art during the Middle Ages?
"The song ""I'll Remember"" was recorded for which film?"
What year were Durium records no longer released in the US?
What do Solar hot water systems use to heat water?
How many housing units were there for the 2010 census?
Where is Royal and Western Infirmaries located?
Who contributes to UNFPA?
What is one of the primary purposes of the Jantar Mantar observatory?
Hg I2a2 was believed to have arisen where?
What is another name to reference the multi-color white LED method?
Which regions have the lowest rate of literacy in the Muslim world?
What area of New Haven was Route 34 originally intended to service?
"In March 2007, what percentage of Southampton residents claimed job seeker's allowance?"
What was McPhee's first single?
Which entity oversees the Judicial Police?
What event does the Chamber of commerce host in the fall?
What body of water is to the east of St. John?
"In a 2006 study, how many autosomal SNPs were used?"
When did protesters run into the outfield and try to set fire to the U.S. flag?
What did Elizabeth decline to do in response to the appeal by Scholes?
When was the term copy-text introduced?
"When were terms such as ""Near East"", ""Far East"", and ""Middle East"" relegated to the experts?"
What did Nasser eventually do in the Straights of Titan?
What did the growth of national leagues cause a serious decline in?
What mountains did the Australian battalions fight a rearguard action over on the Kokoda Track?
What are vowel sounds never reduced to when unstressed?
What was the name of the Tibetologist?
What country was afforded access to design of improved nuclear weapon through espionage?
Who was included in the list of people that the Duchess and Sir John Conroy didn't want the Princess Victoria associating with?
What trades did the Pitcairners establish while on Norfolk Island?
In what year did the fall of the Agri Decumates territory transform today's Switzerland?
Who selected Charleston to host an American version of a festival?
"Along with The Song of Ronald, what is a notable chanson de geste?"
How much did Napoleon sell the Louisiana Territory to the United States for?
What was one of the items important to consumers that was addressed by the new regulatory proposals introduced in June 2009?
What company now runs Brasilia's airport?
When was the most recent election of a non-cardinal?
Which actor plays the role of Mr. Hinx?
On what date did the Battle of Borodino take place?
Around how many soldiers were in each regiment of the Northern Army?
Where were the first modern greenhouses built?
What was imported by the settlers of the island?
When was Panama colonized by Scotland?
Of what state was Toney Anaya governor?
When could white women and black men be in a union?
On what river is Valencia located?
What is Jehovah Witnesses' view of divorce?
In what month of the year does Richmond's chilliest weather typically end?
With the passage of time what particular things phonemic in a language are known to change?
Which explorer sailed his ship into New York harbor in 1609?
Who told the story of the Cretan seer Epimenides?
What is the name of the football club in Nanjing?
Where did unlicensed games feature a dongle?
Who was Gaddafi's first father-in-law?
Who started the Manchun dynasty?
Who estimated the annual potential of solar energy in 2000?
What does this type of elevator use to propel the cage?
How were taxes charged in the Tokugawa period?
How many months were in a year in the original Mayan calendars?
Where do the European pied flycatcher breed?
What is the higher end of typical human hearing?
Was it always held in Millennium Stadium?
What other language has a telicity contrast?
The English occupied New York City beginning on what date?
What was the Lombardi Mandolin tuned to?
On 20 May 2009 which Queen members performed We are the Champions on American Idol?
Who were Umm Kulthum and Abdel Hafez?
From the 1750's to the early 1830's is the era of Mozart and what other composer?
What causes symptoms such as lethargy and copper deficiency?
What are probably the earliest texts describing meditation techniques?
Which brand was the kit provider prior to 1994?
What quantifies the relationship between rest-mass and rest-energy within the concept of special relativity?
In what city did Montini finish his doctoral studies?
What are two main aspects of identity development?
How do people vote using the fan save?
In what year was Hayy ibn Yaqdha translated to the Latin language?
"Outside of oxidized fats, what is another substance that is deemed harmful that can be found in processed foods?"
Who copied Charles Todd's Monopoly board?
How do wages in Thuringia compare to their neighbors?
On what date did the league announce its schedule for 2016?
What new form of accounting was created during the late 13th and early 14th centuries?
At what time did Paul VI die?
Which company was the world's largest privately held ink manufacturer till 2005?
which spring emitted vapors that caused the oracle at Delphi to give her prophecies?
What kind of art scene was popular in the Middle Ages?
Which visual landing aids have provided information on proper glide slope since the late 1950's?
Who performed at the New Palace Theatre in the 1930s?
What was the name of the deal in which Arizona was bought?
What led to the sealing of the Magna Carta?
How much debt did the top five U.S. investment banks report in fiscal year 2007?
What von Neumann work preceded the axiomatiztion of quatum mechanics?
What happened to ports on Cyprus after capture of its northern territory by Turkish troops?
About how many people in Somalia speak Somali?
What did the Cardinal Augustin Bea's Secretariat promote?
What republican majority leader died in a plane crash?
How did the samurai treat concubines?
"People favoring those in their group over outsiders, is an example of what?"
Who was hired as manager in 1984?
What did Muslim mathematicians add to Arabic numerals?
What are electrical fields projected on to?
About how many people live in a square kilometer in Gonggabu VDC?
The Spanish Armada suffered a defeat in what year?
Who was the first team to win using the golden goal to their advantage?
Who wrote the novel Stover at Yale?
What bacteria do in fruiting bodies?
What is the earliest recorded instance of circadian rhythm?
Ultimately what forced the senate to abandon Rome and flee to Greece?
What model implies a second-order positive feedback?
A college teaches students for how many years in Canada?
Who is responsible for designing large parts of New Delhi?
"What is a positive connotation of the label ""51st state""?"
Between which two lines of latitude is the Congo located?
How should consumers of the research approach these findings?
Of what did Lord Altrincham say Elizabeth's speeches resembled?
What's the impressive budget of the SeaCity Museum?
What year's were Cezannes painting's displayed at Salon d'Automne? Not including the retrospectives.
What is the nation's 13th-oldest university?
Who were the candidates in the vice presidential debate at Washington University?
What Indian thinkers were early idealists?
What are three digestions phases?
What is the stablest uranium compound?
The Queens-Midtown Tunnel was finished in what year?
Who did Americo-Liberians not identify with?
In what year was the Sciences Academy of Lisbon founded?
What part of the organ is not connected or playable?
What was Cyprus' total population when it gained independence?
"Prior to his schooling, what was the state of Hayek's reading skills?"
What was similar between the three most important 5th century mosaics?
What Elevator Safety Code change required a second dished bulkhead?
In what foreign country did Dell open plants in 1995?
Who was not concerned about the idea of Chinese troops moving south into Korea?
What genre of music was soft rock descended from?
What was the first day that the new parliament met?
Interplay between pathogens and defenses of hosts results in what?
How long did Digimon stay off the air before returning?
What event produced further adaptations during  the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods?
Who was voted to get their cathedral back in 1990?
Where did Frederick William IV relocate the mural he purchased?
How much money was allocated to advertise Windows 95?
What institution was being criticized during the time of Charles and Diana's breakup?
What book was 'Munich' based on?
The Nazi Hunger Plan and Generalplan Ost resulted in the death and imprisonment of how many people?
What type of postal service does Guam currently have today?
Who specifically leveled the allegations against The Sun?
"In 2007, what kind of contest was Jennifer Strange participating in upon her death?"
What month are most NFL preseason games in?
What professions has the highest rate of Exercise-induced bronchoconstriction?
What characteristic was Pliny the Elder the first to recognize about amber?
When did the PAIGC acknowledge the executions?
What is the overall climate description for Namibia?
When was the second satellite for the BeiDou-1 system launched?
"DNA samples from 1228 Russians show that the Y chromosomes analyzed, all except 20 (1.6%) fall into seven major haplogroups all characteristic to what populations?"
Rational emotive behavior therapy is an approach used by what psychotherapy schools?
Why did the world community notice the need for help?
In what historical period did the different types of Germanic languages stop being collectively understood?
There is false belief that the current uniforms were first worn for what event?
People who study the anatomy of the central nervous system are known as what?
What type of climate does Nanjing enjoy?
What s the Scientific Revolution?
What year did Southampton's Franciscan friary shut down?
What is one dimension that communication is typically described along?
"Along with the National Museum of Nepal, what notable Nepalese museum is present in Kathmandu?"
Who did the Siddi descend from?
What did producers of cotton have to re-establish after the market declined?
What did Augustine say that the knowledge of time depended on?
"By which year, did New York City become the largest city in the United States?"
What is the citys PBS station?
Where was the Finnic Chud Tripe located curing this time period?
What is the primary consideration for determining if projects may be carried out in areas with endangered species?
What feature begins on the centre spread of The Times?
What language was used in official communications by the government of Libya?
"According to Popper, a theory is scientific only is it is susceptible to what?"
How far down the road did Liszt live from Frédéric during this time?
With what kind of parts were consumers able to upgrade their Dell systems with?
"By 2000-01, what percentage of players in the Premier League were from outside the UK and Ireland?"
What is the second largest library in the US?
Of what ethnicity was Alcuin?
When did Turkey start using the Gregorian calendar for all purposes?
Ibrahim Pasha landed with his army when?
When did Napoleon marry Marie Louise?
What happened to Swazi exports of textiles from 2000 to 2005?
What party was the leader in the Indian independence movement of the 20th century?
When was the Third Great Awakening?
Who wrote in 1818 about the popularity of Chopin?
What kind of hardware support does Dell provide?
What is the point of conflict between Sunni and Shia?
Does cold or warm air facilitate the transport of water vapor?
"Define ""lectio difficilior"""
In what other type of schools is Sanskrit also taught?
What can we judge in wood just by looking at it?
What is the name of the TCM spinoff channel operated in the UK?
Who leads the movement that pursues secular Jews in order to give them stronger Jewish identity?
Who questioned Nasser?
When did Karl Heinrich Ulrichs develop this classification scheme?
What is the US city with the second largest population?
Who first reduced the power of the municipalities of Mexico City?
Which prestigious prize does the School of Architecture at Notre Dame give out?
What monument commemorates the departure of the Pilgrim Fathers?
According to who did Chopin demand strictly sticking with rhythm?
What are immunoassays?
The Austro-Turkish war took place over what years?
When did Saint Helena change the amount of digits in their phone numbers?
How many copies of 4 sold in the first week?
What state is achieved through knowledge?
Hayek dedicated many of his papers to Popper based on a dedication Popper made to him in which of his work?
Did the FBI increase electronic surveillance?
When did the pope die?
What is a form of communication observed within plants?
What effect does digivolution have on digimon?
What agency would now act like the CAA?
"What journalist wrote that Beyoncé was a ""sex symbol""?"
Who visited the Temple Mount?
When did the rule of Constantine end?
"What organization likes the term ""circuit card assembly"" for boards that have already been assembled?"
Which two royals were part of the dynastic conflict of the 15th century?
What type of gas fills a tungsten filament bulb?
Who reported the stable average rate in 2012?
What do some researchers argue about the idea of sexual orientation?
Who wrote most of the Methodist hymns?
Who commissioned the Aeneid according to Propertius?
What is transpiration?
What rival league did the Spokane Shock join?
How did Amer react to being confronted about planning a coup?
What is early Islamic metaphysics imbued with?
What is the format of school for girls and boys?
What was John's preferred plan?
What are two examples of trees in the broadleaf forests east of the Aravalli's?
What is generally unable to support variations in the number of people for a particular destination?
When did the Tories regain power?
In what battle did Marcus Licinius Crassus die?
Why did peasants from Zhangzhou travel north to Xiamen?
What is used to treat structures for dry rot?
The children's non-judgmental attitude gave them a greater understanding of what?
What was the Latin term for the Roman inns?
What different options did the desktop version have?
What nickname was given to IBM?
Where did the first atomic blast test take place?
Which company made Spectre?
When did Elizabeth support constitutional amendments in Canada?
Who owned the Punch Bowl with Guy Ritchie?
In what month did the King veto the Arms and Ammunitions Amendment Bill?
What happened on BBC's Newsnight in 1998?
Who was able to counterattack and move the KPA away from the Pusan Perimeter?
How much of Japan were samurais?
Barrage balloons are an example of what type of weapons system?
What are the two areas this court has supremacy over?
How long did the parliament have until the next election?
"If you believe in idealism, you are disbeliving in what?"
What is Liberia's employment rate?
"In addition to lumber strength, what important indicator of wood's quality can be determined using specific gravity?"
"What did the Communist Party lose on October 25, 1989 with regards to elections?"
What instigated conflict between the Ottoman and Russian Empire?
What club is Barcelona's long time rival?
"Ronald Reagan had a nickname, what was it?"
Religious Ashkenazi Jews living in Israel follow the authority of whom in certain matters?
On Magnus's ten point scale what would a homosexual person be considered?
Why was solar technology developed in the 1860s?
Arabia has a strong influence in which Southeast Asian country?
"Greater self-awareness, greater awareness of others, and the ability to consider multiple possiblities at once are examples of what kind of developments?"
Mycetophilldae is another name for what?
Which Queen ballad featured a harp and overdubbed harmonies?
Where is Columbia University located?
Exactly who were the slaves upon the Spanish slaveship?
What is a solution to help this problem?
How many square kilometers is Rajasthan?
What are examples of classes of eukaryotes where genome only refers to the information found in chromosomes?
How many torchbearers carried the torch in Macao?
Hok-Lam Chan states that Deshin Skekpa was only invited for what purpose?
What type of league commonly plays unstructured exhibition games?
What is the climate like on the summits?
What year did the third season of American Idol first air?
"What part of a dog can be straight, curled, or cork-screwed?"
"what was the nickname of juan atkins, derrick may, and devin saunderson?"
Who wrote the most challenged section of the Act?
What show did Kanye perform a spoof about the incident at the MTV Europe Awards?
Military command was given to whom based on his firmness?
Where did Eisenhower claim he would end the war?
What did Mac's lack in 1984 and have no means to easily attach?
Mustaqbal Media Corporation is based where?
What are some examples of classical violinists from Portugal?
"What was the first act to break through in the UK, not from Liverpool or managed by Brian Epstein?"
"Where can financial relationships between Medicaid, Medicare and pharmaceutical companies be found?"
How many languages are offered as courses at BYU?
When did Turkey start using the Gregorian calendar for all purposes?
What US federal law protects trade secrets?
During what years were the bones moved from Cimetiere des Innocents to the catacombs?
Where did Brasilia place hotels?
"Who operates, through joint ventures, Indira Gandhi International Airport?"
What structures can be viewed as both works of art and symbols of certain cultures?
What do humans get exposed to with pets that may help them not get sick?
What is the purpose of NCAZ?
What caused the most production disruption?
What ritual suggests symbolic cannibalism?
How as Griffith's wikipedia scanner viewed by wikipedia?
Supporters of what demonstrated at the Chinese embassy in Malaysia?
To whom did Presbyterians complain in 1572?
Name the individual that consolidated the companies that were to become the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company.
What does the mosaic at Huldah contain?
In what year did Pope Paul VI close the Second Vatican Counsel?
What style of columns did Abbott Suger use when reconstructing Saint Denis?
What can zinc cause damage to in the nose?
"In its simplified inflectional grammar, what language is Dutch similar to?"
By what is the fusion of Islamic and Indian cultures called?
When were the aftershocks recorded?
Who awarded a teaching license in Islamic schools?
What was the problem with the ROK Army?
The M1A2 Abrams is an example of what?
What percentage of the population is Christian?
What car did Eisenhower compare modern art to?
Where was the University of Paris located?
How many times has North Carolina hosted the NCAA final four?
When was Mercy adopted?
Which Lagos king had supported the slave trade?
Who caused the fall of the monarchy happened in Brazil?
What type of private  individual had several generals and politicians used to validate their actions?
What does each congregation have?
Why were multiple holidays seized by the Catholic population?
Where did the degrees of Freemasonry derived from?
How many possible outcomes are there of a capital sentencing direct review?
What international prize winning winery is located in North Carolina?
What do mountainous regions have that make their ecosystems particularly fragile?
After what possible event would the speech called one of the greatest in history have been delivered?
What can help over come the problems with the market?
Where did Jack Kilby work at when he created the first IC?
Which two candidates had surprising results despite Howard Dean being the strong front-runner?
Which cost less in stores: PS3 or Wii?
What results from methods used to encode and decode data?
An MRI study on dogs proved that dogs have the same response as humans to what?
Who exercises sovereignty rights for Lancashire?
"What species shows more difference in size, looks and actions than any other?"
How many students are in Boston Public schools?
When did Russian explorers first reach North America?
What are larger weapon systems usually mounted on?
What do people outside of North America call the sawn boards used for building?
How does the water vapor that rises in warm air turn into clouds?
What type of conduct of a party to a treaty can invalidate the consent of another party?
Which term did Willett use in his 1907 proposal to refer to DST?
Who discovered that inert gas could slow evaporation?
Where is the Canadian component of the NATO located?
How many endemic species of fungi have been found?
How many seas are allocated to the Turkish community?
Which genre of comic books had parents concerned?
How many troops were allocated to Zipingpu?
"If the landowner fails to adequately protect the species, what penalties do they face with the ""No Surprises"" rule?"
How many kilometers of paved roads does Israel have?
What is an integral part of the Alpine economy?
"Which student said Chopin made sure his students knew his legato, cantabile style of playing?"
Which cortex is commonly associated with the coordination of thoughts and behavior?
What language has exerted the most influence on Dutch vocabulary since the 12th century?
How much of Pakistan's small-scale manufacturing is in Punjab?
Who did the Siddi descend from?
"When Russell met Nelson H. Barbour in 1876, they jointly produced what book?"
How many buses does the London public bus network operate?
Which part dominated Tennessee's politics in the late 1880s?
"What conclusion did Darwin come to after realizing that some diverse species were able to create variations easily, while other species thought to be closely related had difficulty?"
When were RIAA standards established?
What is located west of the NAS Annex?
How much did the market value of the endowment increase by during the year 2014/2015?
Which two countries declared war on Germany on September 3 1939?
What is the theory called dealing with the transfer of Sanskrit to India?
How many Romans lived in Mithridate the Great's kingdom in 88 BC?
Who considered Napoleon to be a tyrant and a usurper?
How did the French guard respond to the attack on the prisoners?
Where is the Red Lion located?
"In addition to sensors and technical fire control, and weapons, what else did air defence evolution cover?"
"Besides tax shifting, what is another need?"
How did people feel about Manchester's decision?
How far was it from Chengdu?
Which tribe was the enemy of the Seven Nations of Canada?
How long have Masonic Lodges been in Iraq?
What did project lantern announce in 2010
How many coelomata do leeches have?
What controls a birds migration?
When was the ductile form of tungsten invented?
Name a sub-group of the Charismatic Movement.
Who had taken control of London when Henry III was to be crowned?
Where do the three children watch the trial?
What year did most families return after being evacuated?
What was cotton called in the 19th century?
Whose winning design for public competition began the dominance of Greek style architecture?
"When did a group of English citizens sign a document condemning hatred, war and bondage?"
When was the SNS-101 released in the US?
"Besides the Vedic practices, what other religion did the Guptas patronize?"
Where was Freddie Mercury's funeral service held?
What did RCA release to complete against Columbia's LP?
What center is a nonprofit training center for disabled people?
What did Babangida set up to help pay Nigeria's national debt?
When was the Marzpanate era?
With whom did von Neuman work on a paper in 1936 that introduce quantum logic?
Before whose reign was assent always granted in person?
What kind of network does SURE provide it's service from?
This separate service  was known as what in the Soviet Union?
What bacteria is responsible for Lyme disease?
When was the most recent election of a non-cardinal?
What obvious improvement does clothing bestow upon the wearer?
How was the most reliable version of the Holy Scriptures determined?
"What has an important presence in Zhejiang since its arrival 1,800 years ago?"
How much vinyl can be found at the start of an LP?
"What level was the disaster set at 22:15 CST, May 12?"
What's the German word for a tertiary education institution?
What does the German spelling of Hanover have that English does not?
What was the screen size of the Digimon toy?
How many foreclosure proceedings were initiated by lenders in 2007?
How many votes did Keir Hardie win by?
When did was Myanmar ruled by the Taungoo Dynasty ?
What mandolin is associate with Bluegrass music?
What did a 2013 study of Ashkenazi mitochondrial DNA find in regards to the Khazar descent idea?
During what years did the Song dynasty occur?
When was Yale Graduate Schools and Arts and Sciences established?
How much money was spent on enhancing Notre Dame Stadium under John Jenkins?
What was the title of the sequel to Conan the Barbarian?
East Slavic people consist of which nationalities?
In what fields did achievements occur during the revolution?
Whose conceptions of separation have long been argued over?
Who was Chopin's initial piano teacher?
What did the US not want to see repeated?
What group is isomorphic to cyclic groups?
Which indigenous group is controversially known for hunting caribou on protected land?
What project centered on upgrading FBI Information Technology Infrastructure?
What was the state of George VI's health during 1951?
What type of troupe is Jiangsu Province Kun Opera considered to be?
Who was Eisenhower's senator?
Where do most landscape problems come from?
What denomination allowed blacks active roles in the congregation?
What is done with the ashes of burned copies of the Quran?
What strongly altered the power balances and perceptions of origin of power in the Mediterranean region?
What is the city's per capita GDP?
Which civil war did the Iraq branch of Al Qaeda begin fighting in?
What bank helped Noriega?
What was the name of the different governments forming in Ancient Greece?
Who provoked a conflict by crossing the 38th parallel?
"If TB infection spreads to the central nervous system, what is it called?"
How much of the Gordie Howe International Bridge is Canada going to pay for?
What important announcement was made by the ecumenical council in  regards to the decision on Mary ?
Has Japan ever attacked Thailand?
What does the government of this country provide to businesses that produce content?
What percent of the city's public work's vehicles use alternate fuels?
Whom did Sand's daughter Solange become engaged to?
What offshoots of polychaetes are unsegmented?
How were important documents and money transported throughout the store?
Beyonce joined 2 other women on what list from Billboard magazine in 2011?
Who gave a reason for the purging of evil for the Blessed Virgin and her first child ?
How much of China's titanium is houses in Sichuan?
Where did the first federal council of Rus take place in 1097?
What is being conducted to extend the railway?
On what date did the AFL take control of one of its teams?
Which families experienced the least decline in wealth between 2007 and 2009?
Which string instrument often played the basso continuo parts?
What year was the M1 version approved?
Which organization did Beyonce's spokespeople confirm her donations to?
What did Frege say about math?
"After the battle of Sinop, what steamship approached the Port of Sevastopol to show support for Turkey?"
"Which film had a wider release in the UK, Skyfall or Spectre?"
In what year did Diocletian begin his reign?
In what year did the king demand ale-sellers post signage on pain of forfeiture?
What label did ABC sell in 1979?
When was John's decision to marry Isabella?
Who is the present Minister of Foreign Affairs?
What was Japan's publicised war goal?
Where did Miami rank among cities around the world in regard to finance?
How many theater companies does Seattle have in residence?
How much money did Beyonce's tour make in 2007?
Which former president of Def Jam called Beyonce the greatest entertainer alive?
Who helped Beyoncé earn a Grammy award for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group at the 46th annual Grammy Awards?
How do gases prevent evaporation of the filament?
What does the typical definition of a gene categorize genes by?
When had the Slavs settled the Eastern Alps?
What percentage of Elvis Presley's single sales were of 78s?
"How popular are Spanish language classes in the U.S,?"
What are three of the most typical type of tress that can be found in Ireland?
Who has spread the teachings of the Baptists to each continent?
What happens to the current when a battery has been attached to a capacitor for an adequate amount of time?
What is the name of the fruit related festival held annually in Delhi?
"For most Ashkenazi Jews, Yiddish was replaced with what language?"
Was there an energy efficiency improvement in the period 1974 through 1980?
What gender of musician has historically made up a large amount of professional orchestras?
Who declared the mourning period?
How many independent labels did the Merlin Network represent?
What loophole did the ruling give rise to?
Who won the election in June 2009?
The crew could be order to drop the bomb by what?
How many books were said to have been written by Ibn Sina?
In what year were the Australian Democrats founded?
What does it mean to read the word LORD in all capitals in the Bible?
Who designated the first boundary of Rome?
Humoral immunology theorized that the origin of the immune system lay in what?
New research has clarified that Federalism has how many distinct forms?
"How would you say ""good"" in Dutch?"
"Chinese children have been known to make electronics, toys and what else?"
In 1914 what portion of the Empire weren't Muslims?
Where were Matare and Welker working when inventing the point-contact transistor?
In 1833 with whom with Chopin work to get his music published?
When did the mail stagecoaches stop running?
TAFE Tasmania started a three-year restructuring in what year?
What idea did positivism provide?
Which movement is considered to be a dividing line between ancient thought and classical physics?
What can the Estonian parliament do in regards to treaties?
"In 1770, who reported that Medri Bahri was a distinct political entity from Abyssinia?"
What happened to the Public schoolboys in these sports?
Why did Microsoft decrease the required resoultion for tablets?
What is benefical work for children?
For what NFL team did Lynn Swann play?
What is the main goal aside from reducing the amount of data required to store the audio?
What is the definition of CND?
Who gave students a test to determine their preferences?
The doctrine of pratityasumatupada is a important part of what type of metaphysics?
In what year was reinforced concrete invented?
What is the name of the big rowing races?
Who produced most of the Hispano-Moresque pottery?
after the DEUS INDICAT what type of sea animals were pictured?
"In the case of a chemical explosion, what is transformed to kinetic energy and thermal energy in a short time?"
What nation lost the Battle of Yarmouk?
How many of RIBA Enterprises' staff are located at the Newcastle office?
Who designed the Parc de l'Orangerie?
In what manner are sheets normally cut?
What is the Judaeo-German language developed by Ashkenazi Jews who migrated to Central Europe?
Who stopped Maclean after he shot the Queen?
Who was Disraeli's rival?
Which country was ahead of the United Kingdom in the teaching of chemistry?
During which war did the British navy defeat Eight Banners forces at Ningbo and Dinghai?
What is increased in male dogs with neutering?
When was the tenth printing of the French translation of 'Reflections on the Revolution in France'?
When did the first Indiana Jones movie come out?
What tax was in force throughout the United Kingdom during this time?
What did Khubilai claim for a while?
What was also pushed for by result of sarmatism?
When was multi-party governance established?
What is the population of the island?
Season four was the first full season to be aired in what?
What event prompted the United States to adopt the printed circuit to make proximity fuses?
What was Operation Serval's goal?
To what language did Catalan display similarities?
what were veterans in need of after World War I?
What is the official Cubs team mascot?
Queen and Adam Lambert played two shows where in July 2012?
Santa Monica plans on water independence by what year?
What year was the last census before the Census 2000?
What is Harper Lee's hometown?
When did Emperor Huan's reign begin?
What was the most notable naval victory EIC  had?
What does Gunlick remark that the German System of  dual federalism requires strong Länder to have other than the capacity to implement legislation?
When did Yale issue the first Ph.D in the United States?
He was accused of selling grain for what reason?
What was Apple's highest quarterly profit as of Q1 2008?
What does the crowd sing during the 7th inning to honor Caray's memory?
How far do penguins travel when they migrate?
What were members who did not practice the physical craft known as?
Is mahogany a hardwood or a softwood?
condensed study texts where created in what tradition?
What desert constitutes most of Egypt territory?
"Following Arthur Eddington's lectures, what did Whitehead  publish?"
What are anarchists against?
The higher-level phylogeny is of the what?
What nations' assets did Nasser nationalize in 1957?
Who designed the Rialto Building in 1889?
What game used the SNES Mouse?
How many square miles of land is Boston?
What racial group was primarily involved in babershop a cappella in its earliest days?
What type of group founded Espanyol?
What is the pope's official title?
Who wrote Argonautica?
The Austro-Turkish war took place over what years?
What is a variorum?
Where was the VIII International Congress of Photography held?
What did the Russian send to Sinop?
What do people in France eat more of that in most western countries?
Sample montages were a key difference between british house music and what?
What country has attempted to better the controls of pesticide exchanges?
What's the name of the team-up between Samoa and Virgin Australia?
What was the first samurai armor called?
What are current-limiting motor starters referred to as?
Who sent the first known letter from North America?
Which branch of government denied the UNFPA funding?
What does this theory entail?
The goal of what is to suppress opposing air defence systems?
Where is Galicia's warmest coastal station?
What is one primary source of orphan protein-coding genes?
How long were swift boats?
Which season five contestant caused controversy with their performance of I Walk the Line?
What makes up the federal taxes Puerto Rican citizens pay?
rapid decompression is more dangerous than what?
What Roman art involved speeches made to the public?
How did the USAMGIK respond to the uprisings?
What receptors absorb red and blue light in plants?
Some cable boxes are capable of doing what?
What did Londoners use for bomb-shelters?
What piece is often used in the horror genre?
Which country prefers a bass turnover setting of 250-300 Hz?
What is the best for an recieving antenna for optimum reception?
What do the new telecommunications firms in Somalia offer that is not available in many other parts of the continent?
What do the French call snack restaurants besides les snacks?
The rule that adjust the curve at different temperatures is known as what?
What's one example in Tennessee's constitution?
What month and year were two neighboring cities in Minnesota on different time schedules?
At what century's start did revivalist fall into disfavor?
What kind of company does ANTEL run?
"What decade did the term ""graphic novel"" become well known by the public?"
"As internet access increases, news media and online portals replace what form of media?"
What is the rate of  vitamin A deficiency in children worldwide?
What building did William Buckland model the Hammon-Harwood House?
Muslims make up how much of the Israel's population?
What was the high end of the estimated death rate of the Black Plague?
How is Catalan different from other Romance languages?
What was the point of public procession to the god's temples?
What is the airport in Namibia?
Greece's Jewish community spoke what language traditionally?
Where is the term Hokkien mainly used?
This caused a stir in deciding who should enter first and who should do what?
Pan-Slavism became compromised when what empire started to use it as an ideology justifying its territorial conquests?
What teachings are the most important to Buddhism?
Where did Rome receive half of their army from?
What eye color is believed to be the norm among Greeks ?
What type of precipitation is the Piedmont known for?
What other components of the immune systems are included?
At what time did Paul VI die?
Which literary work used the fictional narrator Mr. Spectator to entertain and provoke discussion regarding serious philosophical matters?
"How did the ""Classic Period"" end?"
What word is used when speaking of correct teachings in contrast to a false teacher?
"How many movements are No. 2, Op. 35 and No. 3, Op 58 in?"
What does bronchial thermoplasty consist of?
What does Hokkien mean?
One theory posits that Samoans originated from what people during the Lapita expansion period?
The fuse length could be set using height reported by whom?
What lake reulted from completion of Aswan High Dam?
Who ordered the deportation of the residents of the Chechen-Ingush ASSR?
What structure did the British build in the North Sea?
Who argued that an emotional stimulus triggered experiential and physiological responses to emotions at the same time?
What industry has Detroit tried to revitalize in recent years?
"What type of organism did Frank apply the term ""symbiosis"" to?"
What was the dollar based on?
What was a concern of the Kinsey scale?
Who were the victors of World War II?
What is the name of the feature that allows users to download games from Live?
"Who calls the four immeasurable minds ""four limitless ones""?"
What  type of lighting uses lights that are hung or clipped to bare metal cables?
Assumptions of how the universe works are difficult to see precisely because of what?
What may render certain names in katakana instead of kanji?
Dragonflys shoot water from where?
Who wired the infrastructure leading into Switzerland?
Where is most of the major training performed?
Who took over for Howard Kendall after his third attempt at managing the Everton FC was unsuccessful?
What are the years after the war commonly known as?
What is the masonic term for the deistic divine being who created a scientifically ordered universe?
When was the British slave trade abolished?
At how many mya did mammals first appear in time?
"Who said, ""Others do not conquer our land, we conquer theirs – so it shall always be for us.""?"
"Other than Mohammad Abdul Salam bin Hamed bin Mohammad, what was Gaddafi's father called?"
Which of the three was eliminated?
Who reconstructed Middle Chinese spoken from the 7th century to the 10th century?
"For most Ashkenazi Jews, Yiddish was replaced with what language?"
When was Paris reunited with its suburbs?
What year could be marked as year when electric railways more efficient than diesel ones?
When was 'Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge' published?
What type of vaults were used in the Abbey of Saint-Étienne and Abbaye aux Dames?
What dos EBRD stand for?
What did the FBI adopt the Glock .40 S&W pistol for?
What divides the city's northern and southern segments?
Why did Palermo substancially grow in size?
At what age did Avicenna lose his father?
Who was the founder of the Martorana church?
"What Team was composed of Eritrean, Canadian, American, Dutch and French scientists?"
What was the name of Queen's second greatest hits compilation?
What is the largest fishery in the country?
What was the issue date when this superhero team debuted?
How do the US and Africa rank as exporters of cotton?
What were the Premier League's net profits in 2013-14?
What is the name of the mosaic in the Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio?
How tall does Schwarzenegger claim to be?
What can constitute accounting fraud when nothing is recorded?
What does a higher flight phase result in?
Where is the House of the Black Madonna located?
What is Seattle's percentage of same sex households?
"Besides occurrences in Canada, where in the US is asphalt found?"
What besides Modern Orthodox Judaism does Orthodox Judaism consist of?
What former private home hosts lake-side classical music concerts ever summer?
In what battle did Murad II leave as the victory in 1448?
What are the Mustalian Ismailis commonly known as?
What notable hurricane occurred between the 1980s and 1990s?
What do critics of affirmative action believe should be the main factor in hiring?
What is a Torah study institute for married men called?
What replaced Army 95 in 2003?
What frequency does green light with a wavelength of 555 nanmetres have?
How many volumes was Waitz work?
How much of the land did Prussia control?
Those with high levels of identity diffusion are classified as what?
Where did this experiment take place?
How many people did Carlton have per km2 between 2012 and 2013?
Near what body of water is St. John's located by?
How many lemuns does a 15 watt fluorescent lamp produce?
In what year did Portugal experience defeat in the War of the Oranges?
What school founded in 1794 first used a form of the word polytechnic in its name?
How many seas are allocated to the Turkish community?
When was Build 7959 divulged?
How many viewers watched on average this season?
Which song did Beyonce sing to win a competition at age 7?
Where was London printing of The Sun moved to?
What is Nico Frijda's nationality?
What is something on a car that sometimes is made of alloy?
How many people are homeless because of the quake?
How long does basic training last?
What did Zhu Yuanzhang build around the city of Nanjing?
Which eastern boroughs host large Muslim populations?
What kind of statement is the Book of Concord?
Which products created more complexity in the financial markets?
What does the U.S. believe caused Thailand to help Japan?
The growth of what organization was prompted by the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire?
During which centuries did ROme fall under the influence of Byzantine art?
When has the Olmec tablet been dated to?
Comcast bought naming rights for what college's basketball arena?
Within what distance from the line of scrimmage can offensive players who do not have the ball be legally contacted by defensive players?
What estuary east of Plymouth is part of the River Plym?
What year did Bell become President of the National Geographic magazine?
Where is Oak Tree Country Club?
Who developed the first systems to transmit slow-scan video?
What percentage of all Israelis are thought to be of Ashkenazi descent?
Who founded the library?
For how much did Tottenham Hotspur sell Gareth Bale to Real Madrid for in 2013?
What luminous efficacy does trichromatic white LEDs have?
What did Money magazine rate San Diego as being in 2006?
How many Catholic churches were in the Boston area in 2010?
What type of formation is indicated by low and high grade metamorphic rocks?
What do Jehovah Witnesses accept in lieu of blood transfusions?
How much was the median household income according to the American Community Survey?
How many other teams have played all 22 seasons in the Premier League since its inception?
What kind of device can access the Twilight Princess manga?
What kind of religion is Hinduism considered?
What company commissioned the program that created the Western Docks?
By what route did Babur enter India?
What precious metals and minerals have yet to be utilized in the Republic of the Congo?
What is a reason why the water from a water stabilisation pond may be unusable?
Which of Nash's students designed The Ballroom?
Where was the Eiffel Tower revealed?
Where were the 18th and 19th satellites for the BeiDou system launched from?
What is sometimes used as a generic word for any music of Guinea-Bissau?
In what year would the original churches evolve into the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America?
Which German poet and philospher declared green to be the most restful color?
What is the name of BYU's fight song?
Who was Abu Bakr?
Which trophy was awarded to a Canadian football champion beginning in 1909?
How many pairs of shoes were sold in the initial release in New York City?
Who did Gaddafi accuse the Libyan rebels of being linked to?
What year did Pamerston die?
What uses diffuser panels below fluorescent lights?
What is the goal of Smart Bodies?
In which year was the Second Council of Nicea?
What was the range of the mitrailleuse?
What radical political changes occurred during the 19th century ?
When were interceptors like the F-106 Delta Dart not being built anymore?
"Most people with the surname Ashkenazi, hail from which particular community?"
When was the supposed germ warfare testing taking place?
Why was U Wisara involved in a resistance movement of such extremes ?
What has the simplest known circadian clock?
Who sets database access?
How much data can a DBMS store?
What did a teacher of religion  from the college that was named after a Dominican friar do in 1839 of historical note ?
Who acted as protector to Martin Luther when he was under the ban of the Empire?
Eyak and Tlingit are some of the peoples who are collectively called what?
Where is the Tucson Folk Festival held?
"Who said the Reflections were ""the manifesto of a Counter Revolution""?"
What was the name of Chopin's doctor?
What status does Catalan Countries have?
Where are the remains of the apse mosaic of San Michele?
What famous mosque is in Punjab?
What contexts do racial social constructs develop within?
Where did the Slavs that assimilated into the Magyar or Romanian population remain?
How long does someone have to be enrolled in alim courses to earn a certificate or graduate?
What is the standard for EAL6?
how often did the Indian fleet voyage to Mocha?
What major pharmaceutical company is currently operating a drug clinic in New Haven within the new biotechnology corridor?
What nickname did George H.W. Bush give to Schwarzenegger?
What is the cajoling of certain market players to achieve specified outcomes also known as?
In the United States in the middle of the 20th century comics were seen as a risk to culture and what?
what part of their body do married women cover with a scarf?
Which weblog helped Sanjaya survive elimination week over and over again?
What happened when Constans died?
What can be paired with transmission lines to create phases that would support output?
What is used to light walkways at night?
Which former mentor joined the judges' panel this season?
In what year did Edward VII ascend to the throne?
Who created on of the earliest sexual classification schemes?
What university did Peterson attend?
How manys students take advantage of BYU's study abroad programs?
What treaty did Nasser object to?
Which confederation conquered the territories north of the Han's border?
What is the annual turnover for the trust?
In approximately what year did the Magyars settle in Hungary?
What other countries adopted the style of neoclassical?
By about what number of votes did Schwarzenegger win the 2003 recall election in California?
What realization did Whitehead believe religion made necessary?
Full-bandwidth devices other than hubs can what?
Under whose advice did Anne withold the royal assent?
When did Tito start promoting a peaceful resolution to the Arab-Israeli conflict?
Where were the slaves brought?
Do chickens fly like other birds?
How much will Vanguard spend to retire debt for DMC?
"What Cherokee phrase means ""the trail where we cried?"""
Who appointed Washington to serve as commander in chief?
When did figure wall mosaics become the highest form of artistic expression?
"Who describes the Noble Eightfold Path as ""a mandala of interconnected factors that support and moderate each other.""?"
Did the child workers receive anything from the christian mission schools?
At what age was Von Neumann familiar with calculus?
What was colonised by the East Slavs?
What sector of economy was plagued by terrorism attacks?
"Besides porcelain, paper and mica, what other non conductive material was used as an insulator?"
What is the average high temperature in El Cajon in August?
What is the only play that remains in it's entirety from the New Comedy era?
What were the scribes of the chancery known as?
When did Eisenhower begin to cut the defense budget?
Who were the inventors of the float glass process?
How many countries now have renewable energy policies?
"At one time, Priest permanently were assigned to a church were referred to as?"
When was the Constitution of Bermuda enforced?
"Along with decorative components, what type of building materials can be engineered from wood?"
Who led the Russian Koran Zone of Occupation?
What is one of the senior officer titles of the Cyprus air force?
How much of the world's population did the British Empire rule in 1922?
Where was Karadzic when he was finally arrested?
How many movies were directly connected to the anime series?
What did Chopin add to the modern dance of his era?
What action did The Sun take against Mahmood?
"When does ""crosstalk"" occur?"
Who was the first clubs have won the fa cup as part of a league cup double?
How much CO2 emission would a 40-watt light bulb produce after 10 hours?
Who exercises the right of the Crown in the County Palatine of Lancaster?
"Prior to the Libyan invasion, what country was the Aouzou Strip a part of?"
What electronic charge do cellular molecules have?
What year were hops first believed to be added to beer?
When was the term Kievan Rus first coined?
What is the sign that indicates the Divine Leader?
Who was allowed to settle on the Swiss plateau by the end of the 4th century?
The areas surrounding which university has been historically a Democratic stronghold?
What tribesman were being transported  as slaves on a ship by the Spanish?
How are some essential genes regulated?
What was the capital of the Sultanate of Ifat?
Who held the Fourth Council of the Lateran?
What does the increasing demand for container traffic make companies use more often?
What exists between the alleged color-blindness of most whites and the persistence of a system of inequality?
What was Hitler's Directive 23?
Who did Alexander ask for when he was dieing?
"What two affiliates joined E! in late August, 2008 after which transmitters were not replaced?"
What as the Paris Region's economy shifted towards?
What symbol set has a defining property of ambiguity?
What century did Aretas III Philhellene reign?
What year was the earliest Chopin recording created?
Who was said to have canceled an official trip to China in protest?
The Persian Empire was conquered by Alexander by what year?
Where was the signing of the ANZUS Treaty held in 1951?
Where did the 1948 Summer Olympics in London take place?
In political federalism what does Presbyterian ecclesiology do?
What was the population density in Hyderabad in 2011?
What unique change to the electoral voting process did Colorado suggest should happen?
How does nucleoid look?
In what year was the Academie royale de peinture et de sculpture founded?
"For seamless connection of multimodal transport, where are many large airports located?"
What would be given to the enobled one?
Pancho Villa seeked a conversation with which American President?
How many Jews live in Argentina?
In what city was the headquarters of the US Occupation Zone located?
Many Jews were denied full Roman citizenship until what year?
What is the smalled nation in the Central Asia area?
What is lessened by the Yagi-Uda design?
How many commercial airports did the British Airports Authority originally operate?
What might /kʲ/ be considered?
Tower controllers use what to locate an aircraft's position in three-dimensional space?
What distinguishes birds from almost all other vertebrate classes?
What type of familiar translation may be seen during an opera?
"Along with South Dakota, what state rejected a death penalty abolition bill in 2010?"
What type of monarchy was established as time went on in Victorias rule?
"What are T roads, the lowest level that typically serves local interests?"
How long is the term for the Chairman of the Supervisory Board?
How long ago were rock paintings found in Somalia created?
What is one of the issues with affirmative action?
What was the main thing the contracts were had to do with?
What was the Victorian era of the United Kingdom?
What did plastic bags result in
"When air enters both the oral and nasal cavities, where does it flow through?"
How was much of the ceremony of Elizabeth's coronation presented to the public?
What did the Aristotelians call emotions?
How long did the US and its coalition partners have to occupy Iraq?
Who did the Tories oppose?
Where was the torch event started in Hong Kong?
Which festival attracts over a quarter million visitors?
Where are many of the corporate headquarters and other tall buildings located?
Who headed the Anglican reforms in the middle of the 16th century?
What power could Caesar use against the senate should he choose?
What program allows Alaska to keep low taxes?
Who improved Gesner's  of refining kerosene from coal?
"What is made by placing a plate of blade of copper, brass, or bronze into vat of fermenting wine for several weeks, then scraping off and drying the green powder?"
What kind of resolution are the filter banks unable to provide an optimal solution for?
What is Hayek's definition of totalitarian?
What were Jews and Christians living in Muslim lands known as?
Why was Swan's first lamp not commercially viable?
What is the study of plants and the environment in which they live?
What kind of broadband service is provided on the island?
The piles begin to rot if exposed to what?
Who did House relay political messages to?
Who plays female roles in Yueju?
What is phrased for selective killing of non-game animals.
When was Olin Business School named?
When did Switzerland ratify the Kyoto Protocol
The use of light to achieve an aesthetic effect is know as?
"Along with scarce green vegetables, what had an impact on Rajasthani cooking?"
What poem did Franklin Pierce Adams write?
"In 1957 the FORTRAN language was created, what is FORTRAN short for?"
When is the earliest known Armenian carpet from?
When did the Song dynasty reestablish unity around?
Egyptianized Greeks in the Ptolemaic kingdom started to exist by which century?
What extras does Windows 8 Pro have?
How many teachers did Yerevan State University have in 1992?
What was the port of Piraeus declared to be in 2013?
"What kind of wood with a name that starts with ""H"" is a ring-porous hardwood?"
Which of Bell's students is the most well known?
What are the ideal chemical properties for the gas in a light bulb?
Which branch of Freemasonry does not require a belief in a supreme being?
The formation of sea routes bypassing the Middle East may have led to the decline of what?
What date did Comcast drop their proposed merger agreement with Time Warner?
What is the biggest university in Switzerland?
Where is Saaremaa located?
by 1647 how many factories did the company have?
In what month was an exhibition game planned for Guangzhou?
Who has the power to issue a reprieve?
What Hall of Fame is located in Raleigh?
By what is India under the Gupta Empire referered?
What ultimately caused the Qin dynasty's authority to be dissolved?
Laurel Sutherlin spoke to which TV station about his concerns?
The wealthiest in Europe used what red dye?
Which famous inventor was a Autodidact?
How many copies of the book have been sold?
What time did Jesus die per Mark?
"In the 2000's, what was the concern perceived toward immigrants by institutions?"
What do monetary savings in crops from the use of pesticide amount to?
Where does Boston rank nationally in terms of public transportation use?
On what date did Delacroix write a letter based on his visit at Nohant?
Which nickname was given to the British sailors?
What part of his body did Craig injure?
When did France attack Prussia?
Where are the controls located on the 3rd gen iPod Shuffle?
What project used an automated version of the Sanger method in its early stages?
Which hospitals are being expanded?
The second most prominent religion in New York is what?
"After Planck's findings, what was determined could not take on an arbitrary value?"
What is often above the forestry?
In what historical period did Walter Taylor's improvements on block-making play an important role?
Name 2 rail companies that use the city as a hub?
How many children did Bell and Mabel have?
Who argued against works where the author listens to input from others?
How old was Queen Victoria upon her death?
Who did Apple pay expensive consulting fees to before doing in-house work?
When was the Valencian Golden Age?
What is computer security also known as?
To what corporation did the multi-block site comprising Science Park formerly belong?
When was the Templo Mayor found?
How many were killed in the ensuing riots?
What two major biotech companies are headquartered in San Diego?
A lack of assimilation of Jews in central and eastern Europe is also attributed to males taking part in what type of system?
Why does time have an effect of the amount of available solar energy?
When was the second time Nintendo test marketed the NES?
Which character is chastised in the book for marrying a black woman?
"""Jesus Walks"" was on which of Kanye's albums?"
On what date was the publication of the Plan for Plymouth?
When was the Japanese siege of Imphal broken?
Arthur Conan Doyle brought to life what famous detective in a series of novels?
"To what does ""The Railbelt"" refer?"
Who was the mentor for season 13?
What's the abbreviation for a Technische Universität?
How many Japanese soldiers were mobilized to capture the Chinese airfields and railroads in West Hunan?
Which incredibly prestigious position did Huw Thomas hold?
What was the Northfield Center renamed after it's purchase by another company?
How much can a wheel of cheese from the Emmental weigh?
Who were viewed as a threat by the Jadidists?
What setting have anthropologists done more research in recently?
What are the names of some of the other higher education organizations in Armenia?
What is the Naval Air Station used for?
What county is Miami located in?
Who was made Senate Majority Leader after the 1954 election?
What percentage of the population is economically active
What newspaper reported Kotick's concerns and his threat to stop supporting the PlayStation platform?
Through what period did the symphony not exist?
Offerings left at the Muthappan Temple shrine take on what form?
What is the air defence of a certain area called?
Prussia claimed almost all of what territory?
Where did Victoria visit instead of Spain during the Boer war?
What did the Famicom sorely lack?
What does the V-shaped groove method save?
Which country did Cyprus demarcate its maritime border in 2010?
Who was the person credited with the first in-flight space death?
Which historian claims that even the Arabs acknowledged the importance of the Gurjara Pratihara Empire in stopping invasions?
What compliments the challenge
"Who calls the four immeasurable minds ""four limitless ones""?"
How many km of underground passageways are dedicated to teh evacuationof Paris' waste liquids?
How many traders did some islands have?
Who do the Anglican churches have communion with?
Insects are a class of what?
What problem must be solved before multi-color LEDs can play a role in the market?
Who pitched a no-hitter against the Astros on Spetember 14th?
What theme is central is the Gospel of John in resurrection?
What neighborhood is also known as Jhamel?
What is one example of a Gothic style element that was able to be incorporated because of technological innovation?
What type of people often held Valencia's offices?
What is the movement of patients who need medical attention called?
What risky maneuver did Sir Colin Campbell have the 93rd Highlanders form?
When was the last time royal assent was enacted?
Two other major forms of nusach among Ashkenazic Jews are what?
On what date did Montini become the archbishop of Milan?
In what year did Eisenhower die?
When was Enovid first approved?
Who was cast as Marco Sciarra?
On what date did NATO kill Gaddafi's son?
What does Southern Russian have a linguistic continuum with?
In what country is the beer Tella produced?
What does AGL stand for?
What emotion did many people feel over The Sun's coverage of Hillsborough?
In what year did the SSA see a 55% increase in videoconferenced hearings?
What were the sixteen kingdoms called?
Who invited Canadians to resettle in Mexico during the Mexican Revolution?
What determines continuous torque density?
States may grant their citizens border rights as long as they do not infringe on what?
How big was the crew of a bomber?
What focuses on metabolic pathways?
What is another city with an accumulation of secular Gothic structures?
What is one benefit of transferring an older format to a newer format?
What style is associate with other types of music?
What UK firm approves pharmaceutical drugs?
How far back do the Mesopotamian people go?
What was the Union Pacific once known as?
What did youtube launch in Jan of 2009?
What method did manufacturers use much of the time to compare film speeds?
How did users opt into the trial version of youtube's HTML5 site?
What did these 30 attendants wear?
What structure did Jens Galschiøt build to monumentalize the Tianamen Square protests in 1989?
Who laid the foundation stone of New Delhi?
"What magazine described Portugal as ""a new sick man of Europe?"""
How many African American lived in Charleston in 1880?
What type of attack was used on Inchon?
What consequences did he believe that this would have on Mary's reputation ?
What should be included in effective teaching?
How long are females required to go to school?
What can solo performers exhibit during a cadenza?
Who was one of the first theologians to try to interact with Whitehead's ideas?
How many slaves were executed with Vesey?
How many times has the Nobel Peace Prize been awarded to organisations residing in Switzerland?
How did British rule effect Indian cotton processing?
The English Dominican Order focused primarily on what?
What was again revised in May of 2010?
Why is this a bad practice?
What is the name of Madonna's daughter?
How much do penalties against airlines cost per violation?
What creatures did Darwin study that made him believe variation arose constantly?
What has rapidly spread due to economic increase?
When did the Romans make Christianity their official religion?
What did Mahan believe he was innovating?
Who conducted a study on comprehensive schools?
What do people in France eat more of that in most western countries?
What is the Organisation for African Unity now known as?
What year was the 73rd AES Convention?
What did renaissance humanism place an emphasis on?
What philosophy combined with Descartes to push quantum activity in the 20th century?
"According to studies, what are Asians perceived to be lacking?"
What area of the world was less severely affected by the credit crunch according to The World Bank report In February 2009?
Along what area has there been more collapsing ice shelves?
How much did 'The Pacific' cost?
What is the effect of there no longer being a stigma on interracial marriage?
How long can it take for patents to be approved after initially being filed?
On what island is the capital of the Marshall Islands?
Who met in peace talks with France at Geneva?
What is the most popular method for making high-intensity white LEDs?
What is the cephalic phase?
How large is the Unitary Authority of Plymouth in square miles?
What amount of total public spending in Swaziland is going to wages?
How much water does the Funafuti plant produce?
How many comic books has Silver Samurai appeared in?
How many kilometers was the torch supposed to go through Taiwan?
Where would an NPO or charity organization register in Scotland?
What are the three main areas of southern Europe where Italian speakers can be found?
The Austro Turkish War culminated in the signing of what treaty?
In what period was London a symbol of trend-setting and youth?
What do students do during the traditional Primal Scream event held before finals week every quarter?
In what year did the network end American programming?
What battle did Persia lose in 490 BC?
On which street does LaptopMD headquarters sit?
Where are Zagorci located?
What type of immigrant often staff sweatshops?
In what year was reinforced concrete invented?
What is the term for prime minister in Pakistan?
When werer virtual particles confirmed?
How does barium affect glass?
"What would the diverse group of East Indians, North Africans and Europeans be grouped as prior to DNA analysis?"
"Besides assimilation of British culture, what else did the British consider Indians to be?"
Who was excluded from the German Nation State?
Which Austrian political party did Popper join as a youth?
What animal unintentionally invaded the US waterways?
When did the Rus return to Byzatine seeking revenge?
Where is the Bahá'í place of worship located in Samoa?
"In 1960, what was the percentage of whites in the Seattle area?"
What was the existing system at the time?
What is the oldest park in the city?
Where did Chopin and Sand move to in 1842?
What can not grow extensively in Antarctica?
Where was persecution of Christianity the worst?
In what year was Cluny Abbey founded?
The US abolished slavery without giving what to slave owners?
Who was Neil Knnocks deputy?
Who grants royal assent in Canada?
What contestant came in fourth on season two of American Idol?
What is a mythological giant bird capable of snatching humans?
"what are the Roland TR-808, TR-909, and TB 303 examples of?"
What do many insects adaptively utilize in self-defense from predators?
What kind of disease is AIDS?
How many lumens per watt does a typical train light produce?
What was the Spanish term for permission to sell slaves in Spanish America?
Southampton has been redeveloped almost entirely in the years since which war?
When was Ramadan in 2012?
On which date did the Genocide Convention become effective?
Who could claim victory at the Second Battle of Pydna?
Where is a bird's cochlea located?
What was West Berlin under the sovereignty of?
What did Neptune's gravity do to Kuiper belt?
What minority leaders have played prominenct roles to opposing incumbent president?
Who cares for and manages the Pyx Chamber and chapter house?
When was it proposed to unify Upper and Lower Canada?
What is the relationship between Pakistan's Constitution and Azad Kashmir?
What is one of the most common traits of religion according to Boyer?
How much did the second world tour make in dollars?
"What two groups are bound by a ""Safe Harbor"" agreement?"
On what day did airborne radar help intercept and destroy enemy aircraft for the first time?
Who did Inzunza and Zucche accept money from?
What organiztion acted as acknowledgement of status of great powers?
In what year were the prince electors elect them selves as King?
"Along with uranium monocarbide and uranium dicarbide, what is a notable carbide of uranium?"
what was built in the 1920's and 1930's
When was that article published?
"Besides the museums, what other art offering does SAM operate?"
"How many titles in the European UEFA club competitions have ""the big three"" won?"
What did Comcast pay for their stake in NBC?
When was the census of sea life carried out in Antarctica?
Who's responsibility was it to edit the standard for Layer II?
In what year was Cluny Abbey founded?
Where is Surzhyk used?
The Ottoman dynasty was preceded by what sultanate?
On what country's behalf were the 1967 protests taking place?
What is the name of the coal field
How much effort did France put into wars to defend its colonies?
What study did Merk sponsor in 1994?
On what date was the 2013 Human Development Report released?
What did Digital Equipment Corporation develop?
How many years did it take for Ibn Sina's Book of Healing to be available in Latin?
Where did the ideas of political science begin?
How many troops did the Turks send to Gyumri?
When did the grammarians first draw the line between third person plural pronouns for Dutch?
How many Great Lakes form a border with Canada?
Was the population of the Prussian province in 1900?
Who was the first torchbearer in North Korea?
What natural obsticles stalled the Japanese offensive against the Chinese?
How many tons of bitumen ere produced in 1984?
What are the openings in the digestive chambers for animals in the Bilateria group called?
Why were KPA forces unable to adequately defend themselves against UN forces?
What two countries is treating pain a specialty in?
Who are the parents of Apollo?
What famous German military strategist has a name with Slavic origin?
In which year was New Delhi ranked 39th in economic activity by the World Wealth Report?
"What is the ""parallel"" banking system also called?"
How much ice and snow is minimally necessary to begin to slide on steep glaciers?
What was the title of Darrell Davis in the AFL?
Who did David Cameron align with in order to become Prime Minister?
What is another speed that can also be reported by the camera?
On what date was it reported that the Las Vegas Outlaws were shutting down?
Who was Executive Director or Under-Secretary General from 2000 to 2010?
What is the name of the process being developed by the Weizmann Institute?
What nationality wears kilts?
When was 'The Grand Concourse' published?
What was the Meija era marked by?
What is the name of the art museum in Detroit?
Do American teenagers spend more or less time in shool than adolescents in other countires?
How much more displacement does the modern Nimitz class have compared to the older USS Enterprise?
Which revolution led to the Soviet regime's rise to power?
What department is the Research Center for Sociological Research part of?
How much was the lawsuit settled for?
What did an analysis of the 13 studies of pain treatment conclude about the effect of real treament versus sham treatments?
"Beside European nations and Native Americans, who else attacked the Charleston settlement?"
Where the elections of 2010 conducted fairly in Burma?
What year was Schwarzenegger's film The Running Man released?
How many different external views of data are there?
"What was G.B. Matthew's opinion of ""A Treatise on Algebra""?"
How did Roosevelt refer to the middle class?
What machinery has lead to the  easily made and widespread use of cotton?
What percentage of Dell notebooks are assembled in their asian plants?
Gumbe fuses how many of the country's folk music traditions?
What is undisputed about earlier humans?
Pedro II was the Emperor of what Country?
What was the regnal name of the Duke of York?
Who bought land along Buffalo Bayou to build a city?
What did Tom Parsons consider as the risk factor for strong future quakes?
"In what issue was Namor, The Sub-Mariner introduced?"
Why is marketing harder for NPOs?
This program was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation.
When did the Carolina Hurricanes start in Raleigh?
What size are the wafers used to create white LEDs?
What is Washington University's closed circuit television network?
How many students were attending school during the 2009-2010 school year?
What year did the Cape Times (South Africa) start?
What is the oldest public high school in the US?
For how long after Arsenal's first trophy win the team do poorly competitions?
How much of 'City Boy: The Adventures of Herbie Bookbinder' is set in the Bronx?
How many copies of the Encyclopedie were estimated to be in circulation throughout France and Europe before the French Revolution?
How old was Bell when his mom started to go deaf?
How did Republicans attack Kerry?
Why was the PVA unable to advance beyond Seoul?
What world famous landmark is located on the bank of the Leine?
Who argued against regulators?
Where do the Tigers play?
What happens when both the federal and state governments have regulations that overlap?
Why did Julius Caesar wish to invade Gaul?
What is the Afrikaans name for Namibia?
What was the second poorest US city in 2004?
When did the Australian government end their review on Norfolk Island?
Who placed the Sakya viceregal regime position of authority?
Who wrote Seven Lamps of Architecture?
The Synagogue in the Agora of Athens is dated to the period between which two dates?
What is directly above the premier in the People's Republic of China?
What part of the Arsenal crest is sometimes mistaken for chimneys?
What is a major river of the province in addition to the Qiangtang River?
What Somali group is affiliated with al-Qaeda?
What percent of its stake in Woodside Petroleum did Shell sell in June 2014?
What was the total seating capacity of stadiums in the Premier League in the 2010-11 season.
The United Nations Organization and UNICEF felt the relay could be used as what?
What were the Manchus originally known as?
Serbo-Croatian is the only Slavic language to use what two scripts together?
"Though the Muslims couldn't take full control of Galicia, when was it that they invaded Spain?"
What do Orthodox Jews turn to for guidance and practical application of jewish law?
Which individual had planned an uprising that ideally would see the death of most of the Roman senators?
What does any living organism rely on to be able to grow and reproduce?
What did the soldiers who emigrated form?
What's the name of the professional wrestler who designed the first logo for Gold's Gym?
What was the MiG designed to be?
What cities flourished after they were conquered by the Romans?
What was the population of Guinea-Bissau in 2010?
"As of January 2013, The Times has a circulation of how many people?"
What kind of symmetry do annelids have?
Where is the centre of London said to be located?
Which two ethnicities made up the majority of the Banner Armies?
What company owns XHDTV-TV and XHAS-TV?
Who did the Ming appoint titles to?
Nigel Lythgoe quit the show to focus on what other show?
What kind of scientist is Peg LeVine?
What language does the General Council want to promote?
What famous military event occurred at the site of Camp Colt?
What LEDs are considered safer than any other?
Who was the son of Murad II?
When is a magnetic fields right angles to a electrical field?
Who restored the chapter house in 1872?
What problems with employment do Non Profits face?
What is the main driver of the economy now?
"In taxonomies, what type of group are flowering plants treated?"
"When forming compound tenses in Spanish, what auxiliary is no longer used?"
What did Harry Caray dub Wickers?
Which 11th century Muslim physicist discussed space perception and its epistemological implications?
What motion pictures were made by Jewel?
The Concordat of 1801 strengthened the position of which church as the majority church of France?
Which singer used Trident studios in addition to Queen and the Beatles?
What affects the thermal conductivity of a gas?
"According to Diane McWhorter, every child in the South had to face what?"
What program requires an additional two years of study?
What are logograms?
What is the origin of dukkha?
Mainstream artists from what decade generally did not have success on the adult contemporary charts?
What was Frédéric's nationalities?
Were any of the early civilizations influenced by each other and if so by what how did it occur?
Where is the El Con Mall?
Who was Mellitus?
What is the name of KU athletic teams?
What was the first thing Gautama did on his spiritual quest?
What did the removal of the ban result in?
In what decade did the first Masonic lodges appear on the Continent?
What dialect is the exception to intelligibility?
Flowers that allow only one type of pollinator is called what?
When did the Northern Pacific Railroad reach Montana from the west?
What islet was damaged by Cyclone Meli in 1979?
Who approved the Korean War armistice that officially declared a ceasefire?
What are the Flemish representatives in favor for?
Where is El Farolito located?
Where does the Sunset Route connect to the west coast?
What phrases were used to describe Mary ?
Who tried to outlaw slavery?
In what year did the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere expand?
The Broadway Musical began in what decade?
What is an example of an unstressed possessive?
Where are chaffinches Fringilla coelebs from?
What was the effect of the Little Ice Age?
What does the green colour of Malachite on the Golden Boot represent?
What can a resistor control?
What did Londoners use for bomb-shelters?
What medical field does the treatment of infectious diseases fall into?
For how long was he exiled this time?
What's the process by which bare copper gets covered in solder?
Are essential properties of an antenna changed based on what fungtion they are performing
Which regions in Southeast Asia see cold winter with snow?
What were the intentions of executionists movement?
What is the definition of Command and Control in the Air Force operations?
What do some fans like to do?
The mountains forming to the southwest of the Appalachians in the Carboniferous are known as what?
What do the methods of ethnohistory go beyond the standard use of?
"Where did Galeries Lafayette open in 2013, inside Indonesia?"
Who was the chairman of the Everton FC in 1892?
What organization did Berners-Lee create?
What German advantages were discerned by other countries in the aftermath?
What philosophical debates arose in the middle ages?
Who freed some of the early slaves?
In what part of Kathmandu is Swayambhu located?
What organization was Broca in the process of disentangling himself from?
What is the coding called that is used with speech?
What composer has Steven Spielberg been associated with since 1974?
Mixing organic chemistry with living organisms created what early form of biochemistry?
What property of thorium oxide has caused it to no longer be used in eyeglasses?
Who was Disraeli's rival?
What year did the Sichuan earthquake take place?
Is usage of the royal assent frequent or rare in today's societies?
What was the average hours per work week in October 2009?
Which bird is an example of being both a predator and defender in mobbing attacks?
What is August's usual temperature?
What famous author described parts of the mall in his books?
"Which medium was chapter based like DVD format, Laserdisc or VHS?"
What religion has immigration brought by 2%?
What did the Second Great Awakening create?
What became the new targets for the Kriegsmarine?
Who was appointed to command the Allied forces in Southeast Asia in 1942?
Hydraulic elevators can reach speeds up to 1m/s or how many feet per minute?
Cladistics can limit and skew what?
What does the current president of the United States call the country in official settings?
When was Science of Logic written?
How many entertainment magazines are published in Mexico City?
Who ordered research on the Herald?
In what year did Shell agree to settle the lawsuits filed in 1996?
Which site was eventually chosen by the Delhi Town Planning Committee?
At what venue did the test game occur?
How many tax brackets does Montana have?
What towns grew around the weaving Industry
What is the pattern used un Taiwanese tones determined by?
What was the second time period that a significant change began to happen in Cubism?
What group organised guerrilla warfare against the Japanese in China?
Who is currently the governor of Bermuda?
What are the Members of classes of the Order assigned to?
When was the calling for a complete separation from church and state rejected by the majority of voters?
What does Israel argue Western civilization was based on until the 1650s?
When was Imperial College Union's TV station founded?
What is Mr. White dying of?
Has Melbourne's air quality improved or declined since the 1980s?
In which park did Everton FC originally play?
Who succeeded Sam Nujoma?
In how many UEFA European Championship Finals has England competed?
Which part of the Bible did Kerry find the most moving?
What date was the Premier League formed?
To what did Boixos Nois idetify themselves as belonging?
What was Queen Victoria called in Ireland during the Great Famine?
In what year was the ArenaBowl first played at a neutral location?
Who is a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Stanford University?
What is a pub licensed to sell?
"If ""Vlaams"" is ""Flemish,"" what would English speakers call ""West-Vlaams""?"
How much net worth did Americans lose between June 2007 and November 2008?
What did the soldiers rebel against in the Indian Rebellion of 1857?
What process splits the chromosome between gametes?
What percentage of familes were below the poverty line in 2005?
Why are birds' arteries composed of thick elastic muscles?
Where is Israel located?
On what day did the CRTC agree to allow CBCs broadcasting transmitters to remain active for another year?
What was the first Indiana Jones movie?
What is the name of an independent radio broadcast run out of KU?
What movie won the 1930 Academy Award for Best Picture?
What did Bell promise to split with his financers?
What military base is located near the airport?
What city was rated as having the best park system by The Trust for Public Land?
What did the Jadidists establish themselves as in the late 19th century?
How many theater companies does Seattle have in residence?
When did the French Senate declare Napoleon Emperor?
What was the dead professor threatened with before his death?
Who was rumored to have written the book instead of Lee?
What are some neighborhoods in Raleigh?
What website showed video of an altercation between Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj?
What dynasty consisted of descendants of Charles Martel?
When was ground broke on the Eddy Street Commons Project of Notre Dame?
What ancient Greek word is the word 'gene' derived from?
Which king of England directed new fortifications that helped Southampton rely less on its wall?
What part of the United Kingdom is Belfast located in?
"What law was signed on Sep 14, 2001?"
"Keyboard instruments included the pip organ, harpsichord and what other instrument?"
How are some male and female parts separated for some species?
How are parties regulated?
Who was the pope who gave cardinals the right to wear the hats?
Is the Premier League the most watched football league in the world?
Who is cancer more common among in Portugal?
What type of conquests were gradual in nature?
What was Djibouti called in 1958?
Who standardized Castillan and made it the government's official language?
How were taxes charged in the Tokugawa period?
What is the average temperature of the coldest  part of Burma and where is it located ?
Roughly how many same-sex couples were there?
In what year did Sviatoslav take over as leader?
Which road meets the steps of the Cathedral of Saint John the Divine?
At what point did the Mesozoic era begin?
Who was the largest residential loan due diligence and securitization surveillance company?
What branching common descent theory has become the most unifying one of the life sciences?
What do groups with less power often find themselves?
Where does the groove on a vinyl record typically start?
What victory in 1800 secured Napoleon's political power?
What was the name of Lord Goring Garden?
Who were royals usually expected to marry?
What year did The Daily Universal Register initially start?
How many children did August von Hayek and his wife have?
What actor featured in Winchester '73?
The rise of what dynasty followed the era of the Mughals?
What does UCR focus on?
What did Kerry think cost him the race against Cronin?
What does successful migration depend on for some waders?
What's the new name of the station formerly known as The Saint?
What gaming tables can often be found in pubs?
From what was the Tibetan language's script derived?
What is presumed to be written upon the Cascajal Block?
When did the first mosque in Majuro open?
When Malloy became president of Notre Dame what was the size of the endowment?
What type of power did Fox think Burke was wrong about?
What was the French term for philosophers in the period of Enlightenment?
Why was the Chongqing Municipality formed?
Who is the first official Burmese delegate to visit the white house following the 2010 elections in Burma ?
What was the approximate cost to build the Emirates Airline Cable Car?
How many seats did Labour win in 2010?
What are three of the bays named?
"In what year were there 4,470 priests in the Dominican Order?"
Who started construction on the Gelati Monastery?
When were the Marshal Islands first settled?
Where is information provided to designate which character form to select?
What is a common prize in a ladder match?
How many number one DVD's has Queen released?
In what year was John Locke born?
What was the MoD accused of doing to the public?
What was the response to the idea of identifying people as biracial or multiracial?
What is the date that Cyrpus attained independence?
What is the most common reason people seek out alternative medicine?
In what borough is the National Tennis Center located?
What is the premier basketball league?
"Who was the ""architect earl""?"
What was the bureau's first task?
"April 12, in the USSR, is what special day?"
How many MRAP vehicles has the Pentagon bought since 2007?
"Despite its imperfection, what are now considered valuable achievements of Principia Mathematica?"
What is green a symbol of in China?
Does minority leader act solely to advance party objectives?
What is human phycology?
What is the longest standing alliance in the world?
"What is special about Wutaishan Sports Center, from a historical perspective?"
"What name literally means ""far-shooting?"""
What was the lowest temperature ever recorded Charleston's city limit?
Who did the new deal programs benefit?
How long has the limited test system been operating?
What is the general materialistic view of an object?
What was the name of Columbia University's alumni association?
Who did CinemaScore ask for input on the film?
When did the FDA approve Enovid?
What did Beyoncé sing at President Obama's second inauguration?
What system used CP1251 encoding?
When did youtube finally become available on the Playstation 4?
What nation was highly receptive to the new definition of this concept?
When was the opening of first building in the second biotech district?
Who awarded a teaching license in European schools?
Tim Staffell left the band Smile in what year?
What ethnicity made up 15.9.% of San Diego's population in 2009?
What does MANPADS mean?
Under whose rule was Carnival established in the 16th century?
"What type of organism did Frank apply the term ""symbiosis"" to?"
What were the original boundaries?
In what region does Estonia hold one of the highest per capita income levels?
Modern medicine indicates Chopin may have suffered from what condition?
How did Wilson recruit more qualified police?
What makes San Diego the ideal city to commute via bike?
When did texts begin to appear solely in Romance?
Who is the Executive Director of the Baptist Joint Committee?
What has caused serious financial damage?
In what language were most books printed in the middle ages?
New York City has how many acres of land dedicated to parks?
What did Greece have the highest percentage increase in between 2005 and 2011?
What is the percentage of Muslims living in the Congo?
"What the sub-group of cyborg anthropology very closely related to, in addition to STS?"
From where did Eisenhower get the idea of a White House Chief of Staff?
"Who wrote the paper ""Whos Gay? Does It Matter?"
Which organization spoke against the courts ruling?
Where is Oxford University?
Classical music is rooted in what kind of tradition?
Old Church Slavonic manuscripts were based on the local Slavic speech of what?
What was George IV's original plan for the house?
What type of songs are in Confessions of a Dance floor?
What dairy product is produced in the valley of Emmental?
What production did the agricultural policy favor over industrial and cash crops?
What is Melbourne's highest temperature recorded?
How many miles of uninterrupted coastline does Burma encompass?
What is the maximum premissible current density in open air of copper?
How many total terms can a president be elected for?
What pieces of his did Chopin use to teach his technique?
Who starred in 'Savage'/
Where did Kerry earn a Silver Star?
By how much in percent has the population of Detroit declined since 1950?
Which former director defended UNFPA?
What three things did the Windows Everywhere campaign emphasize on?
What was the original name of Olin Business School?
Who thought being a concubine was better than being a wife?
What color was the metal on the U2 version of the iPod?
What is the percentage of The Sun readers who are women?
When was the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Montevideo created?
What former King was not invited to the wedding?
On what does Palermo's economy rely?
Who is Admiral Sir Mark Stanhope?
During what years was the Aztec Empire conquered?
What are public universities not allowed to do?
What was the process that removed the property requirement for the Roman military called?
What annelids are hermaphrodites?
What does the Constitution establish of all Eritrean languages?
Which of Hayek's works did Thatcher produce at the Conservative Research Department?
What was the nobles guarantee that his throne would be inherited by his sons?
From what birds are chickens decended from ?
What aspect ratio did the MUSE system use when demonstrated in 1981?
What was the grad rate in 2005?
Who thought that Melbourne saw Victoria as if she was his daughter?
How much did Apple spend to advertise in a special post-election issue of Newsweek?
The HVC-001 featured which kind of mod output?
Which of Northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming The Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey?
What is the name of Howard Dean's class at Yale?
In what year did Joseph I make his minister the Count of Oeiras?
What was concluded about the construction?
How many hydroelectricity plants are larger than 10 GW?
What did the literate segment of Greeks consider to be a part of their ethic lines ?
In what decade did the Dutch diphthong lowering occur?
Who is in charge of releasing the World Directory of Medical Schools?
"According to Albert Baugh, what was the period in which Old English was used?"
What framework did Dominic use in order to build his institution?
When was Shiba Yoshimasa born?
The Copper Canyon is deeper than what popular American canyon?
How do digimon evolve?
What type of housing did the Han government provide to landless indebted peasants?
A World Property Journal report has ranked London as the most expensive office market in the world for how many consecutive years?
Where was the Roman abacus first used?
What happens to the wages of adults?
How do most MIs come about?
What is current GDP estimated at?
What is designing as it applies to built environments?
What network in Italy aired American Idol in season twelve?
What can CD parameters be used as references for?
When was the Antikythera mechanism discovered?
What famous writer has a house in Philadelphia?
Which Yale president assisted with New Haven's revitalization efforts?
How many of West's six albums have gone platinum?
West 132nd Street is interrupted by St. Nicholas Park and which college?
What is the Tokugawa period also known as?
How long did the main tremor last?
"In 2014, other religions mad eup what percentage of the citys population?"
UCL Partners is the largest type of what facility in Europe?
What is common in Romance languages?
What does Article 371 say?
Who suppressed agermanats' uprising?
What cannot see God itself?
What doctrine was overturned by Mabo v Queensland establishing the concept of native title?
What let to the assimilation of Baltic and Slavic populations?
Who did Ethiopians support in World War II?
What do we get an extra hour of because we set the clocks forward?
What are some of the negative experiences that peer pressure can influence during adolescence?
"Although the schedule in Israel became predictable after 2005, there were still problems in Windows until Israel adjusted DST to what calendar in 2013?"
Where were the BMI awards held in 2011?
What year did this ruling happen?
When a new apex predator moves into an area this changes.
What did Arsenal consider the yellow and blue colors to be after losing a FA Cup final wearing red and white?
Towards which social topic did the Cubists  at the Salon d'Automne creat contrevesy towards?
Who was the creator of antibiotic?
What is a requirement for being considered a member of Jehovah's Witnesses?
What language is the exception?
What was Oklahoma cities gross metropolitan product in 2009?
Who had more power during times of war than the raadspensionaris?
What tenet of sharia did Gaddafi believe was incompatible with socialism?
What medical product does Punjab manufacture?
When was Russia renamed the Russian Federation?
Where is Camp Lejeune located?
Coupled with British quick reactions what cause operational capacity hard to achieve?
What type of baptism do Baptists conduct?
What animals were not vulnerable to the mongoose?
Which American president pursued Villa?
"Starting this season, how many episodes of Idol aired every week?"
Which recording types were effected by the imposed industry standards?
What were the key white hate groups targeted?
What currency is Swaziland bound to?
What game was key to the SNES's success?
How many people died in the rioting over divisions of Bengal and Punjab?
How many awards did Beyoncé win at the 46th Grammy's Awards?
When did the 3.7-inch HAA gun become preferred?
What besides the individual patient is targeted when antibiotics is being used?
Has breeding changed the original characterictics of the animals ?
What is a flammeum?
What are some characters not originally intended for Unicode?
On what month and day did the Silver Dart take its first flight?
What's the abbreviation for immersion silver plating?
Which country has been ranked highest the most number of times?
What arts does Liberia have a rich history of?
What had some of the failed predictions of Jehovah's Witnesses been presented as?
What sitcom did the Archie Bunker character feature in?
What is one country in the geographic area that was affected by the development of the Gothic style of architecture?
What does a deistic God not do?
Each party must have done what in order for the treaty to come into effect?
"Who asked Burke for more ""very refreshing mental food""?"
An exchange of people between Greece and Turkey took place under what agreement?
What did Romulus offer to Jupiter in the first Roman Triumph?
What earthquake happened in southern Sichuan?
The relationship between an albatross and a sailor is the central theme of what book?
What factors sustained the beliefs in gods according to Varro?
"What's the Dutch word for ""money""?"
What is the danger to humans in regards to the spread of avian flu to humans ?
Why were flights delayed and diverted?
When was the Mann Act passed?
When was Gaddafi's son by Fatiha al-Nuri born?
What year can BYU's origin be traced to with a building called Cluff Hall?
"Along with the New Orleans VooDoo, Kansas City Brigade, Philadelphia Soul and Georgia Force, what former team returned for the 2011 season?"
What other government officials are subject to judgments of Brazil's highest court?
Who's basic work in the area of coral reefs did the Royal Society's investigations follow?
What type of capacitors can generate soft x-rays?
Which part of the Auto-Sembly manufacturing process is the most costly?
What is the term for a ship's cargo manager?
Which candidate won the unanimous vote for vice presidency?
What overhelming percent of Australians voted for the 1967 Referendum?
How many planets were the Sumerians aware of?
Ann Arbor has been linked with which university?
What event formed a crater in Saaremaa?
What ruler's death in 323 BC marks the beginning of the Hellenistic period?
Who can individuals derive precedence from?
what was the name of the ship that was a temporary fishing facility?
What is used to light the flame on the Olympic Torch?
"What institute provides education in art, design, and media?"
When is it damaging?
Why did this occur?
"In 1871, Victoria became seriously ill with an abscess on what part of her body?"
What is the BeiDou Navigation Satellite System?
What is the overall population of Mexico City in 2008?
In which year did NBC Sports secure an extension of six years with the Premier League?
When was the new east wing built?
In what year did Fascist Italy achieve full control of Somalia?
Burke's unfinished letter to Arthur Young became part of what publication?
What worsened the situation at the end of 2012?
Why did Bermuda join CARICOM?
What did members of the debate team get for their service?
What are the four sights in Buddhism?
Who was the host of the gathering where Frédéric was introduced to George Sand?
What is a slow smooth rate of movement of faults called?
How large is the Marshall Islands shark sanctuary in square miles?
What did Feynman investigate while working on quantum gravity?
What problem results when rising temperatures decays power?
Who did Gorbachev make First Secretary of the Azerbaijan Communist Party in 1988?
What museum is known for its display of French art of the 19th century?
A tragedy typically involved what subject matter?
How many Knights are in The Order?
What seperates Tajikistan and Pakistan?
As a result of what war were many new temples built by victorious generals?
Where is the main base for the Tajikistan air force?
"In 2004, the novel as been picked by how many communities for citywide reading programs more than any other book?"
What was spray pained on the properties of Christians who left the area?
Multi-color LEDs offer what else besides the formation of white light?
What is a mission of EUCLID as it relates to signatory nations?
What type of war was caused by the clash of two generals?
What is hoped will strengthen the Tuvalu coast against sea level rise?
Where do Afro-Spaniards come from?
What department store has the most success in Jiangsu Province?
When was the Guggenheim built?
What kingdom was Guinea-Bissau once part of?
When was the first Papal prounouncement against Freemasonry made?
Who was the Democratic candidate for president in 1960?
What teaching style did Milton Winternitz develop?
What two positions did Nasser assume?
Who presented a method for specifying a group by means of generators and relations?
What party did  Lithuania's Communist Party break apart from?
Which park interrupts 8th and 9th Street at Avenue B?
"In addition to Russia, the Sixth Coalition consisted of forces from which two nations?"
What was Somalias largest ISP in 2009?
When was the high tide of the Cultural Revolution?
What did Eastern European people want to do with communism?
What happened to home equity when housing prices decreased?
Why were many children employed?
Where can one find the Limkoking University of Creative Technology?
Who designed the Supermarine Spitfire?
When was the state run Nehru Government Engineering College started?
What are Islamic schools also known as?
What were PVA troops told to do when planes flew by?
What did Great Britain control?
To what party did Russell and Palmerston belong?
What is the plant expression of circadian rhythm?
What were the Pan-Slavic colors originally?
"In 1960, what group made up 16.45% of Tennessee's population?"
What genre of music are Nirvana and Soundgarden?
Who estimated the Russian population was 90 million fewer than it could have been in 1945?
How many winter days reach freezing in Seattle?
What team plays its home games at Weston Mill?
Where did Geoffrey W.A. Dummer work at?
What team did the Cincinnati Red Stockings become?
Who was the first President of the Somali Republic?
When did Prince Albert die?
What suggests that memory has two different components?
Who said that Kanye West effectively led a new wave of artists that weren't only interested in rapping about gunplay or drug dealing?
What organization is responsible for building and operating the Delhi Metro system?
"What animal was found, through DNA testing, to pre-date the arrival of humans to the archipelago?"
What document declares supreme power for the people?
The Shambhala Music Festival was dedicated to what?
Francisco Franco was himself a Galician from which city?
"Which two companies were involved in the ""War of the Speeds""?"
How does La Liga sell its broadcasting rights?
What was the name of Victoria's King Charles Spaniel?
What is the most widely known event in Swazi culture?
What were the net profits of the Premier League in 2013-14?
What year was the reconstruction of the solis theater completed?
When was the new east wing built?
"After King Ferdinand died, who remained under Spanish rule?"
What happened to Novgorod when Kievan Rus began to decline?
What other discipline was combined with phonology by the generativists?
What were CD's originally created to store?
Who investigated the efficiency of high-brightness LED at Cardiff University in 1995?
How many justices make up the Philippines Supreme Court?
Who was the character Dill modeled after?
The 10NES would reset the system how often?
What is the minimum number of members that must support a nominee to parliament in Swaziland?
What years was the Mausoleum of Galla Placidia decorated with mosaics?
How many seats of the uninominal elections did the PRD get in the 2006 elections?
How are Freemasons invited to join a lodge?
How many members are in the Knesset?
How many miles does the average student at Notre Dame travel to study there?
What to the migrating birds usually follow?
What was produced to inspire people on the assembly line to work harder?
What scan format is also included in MBAFF?
How many permanent Tibetan people live in Chengdu?
"What committee estimated that 60 days of attacks would result in 600,000 deaths?"
What was New Jersey Transit called before?
Which two languages were the most dominant languages of scientific and literary publications?
When did human rights for Aboriginal people begin to improve?
What percentage of the population was below the poverty line?
Who won the 1980 US Presidential Elections after President Carter's repeated failed attempts to resolve the US Iranian Embassy situation?
How tall is the City Hall?
Safavid Iran peaked during whose reign?
What does Kermes vermilio eat to survive?
"In 1650, settlers from what colony moved in to Albemarie Sound?"
Was the emperor able to reject an opinion that was made by the court conference?
When did the freighter Nightingale run aground?
What is the typical operating current for high-power LEDs?
Through what act would Roman and German customs become intertwine?
What brewing company produced the beer Millennium?
How old are rock drawings in Valcamonica?
What outcome surprised the Germans the following day?
What number describes the percentage of Russian Estonians?
What year did they begin to migrate to Izmir?
Where did Queen Victoria reside?
Who was excluded?
Who brought Catholicism into New Mexico?
What emerging economies did the U.S. borrow money from between 1996 and 2004 to finance its imports?
"During the Protestant Reformation, the Church of England (Anglicans) separated from who?"
In what group is Tuvalu involved?
Which political leaders spoke out against the proposed designations?
Who was well known for important works of traditional blugrass?
In what state's supreme court was State v. Santiago decided?
What is considered to be the end game of Gaius Gracchus?
When did Strasbourg accept Protestantism?
Who supplied assistance to the Chinese military?
When was the Tang Dynasty?
What was the value of the U.S. dollar no longer anchored to?
What does NESA stand for?
"Landside, where can filming take place?"
What film previously held the UK record for highest first week opening gross?
Who was the founder of the Arena Football League?
What is an alternative name for Sixth Avenue?
What Gran Turismo game was shown in 2007 but not released until after 2007?
In what former industrial facility is the Richmond National Battlefield Park Visitors Center located?
Portugese and British troops fought against the invasion of which country?
"Where was Spielberg honored on Dec 3, 2006?"
What company did this partnership purchase?
Who's art collection was the reason the Museo Tamayo opened?
"What ""ices"" makes up Neptune?"
What happened since 1997?
Who was Frédéric a guest of during his stay in Berlin in 1829?
What is summoned by the Desfile de Llamadas parade?
Why are the buildings so shoddily built?
Who spoke to the media about China's lack of freedom of speech?
Which territory did France control?
What organ did Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart play on?
When was the Compagnies Republicaines de Securite formed?
During which decade was assention by commission discontinued?
How do you predict the clinical result?
In what way can an MCU be characterized?
Who listed Yale as one of the most beautiful campuses in the United States?
Who comprises the invisible church?
What type of study does the European University Institute focus on?
When was Principles of Phonology published?
The Mahasanghikas argued that the Sthaviras were trying to expand what?
Birds live on how many continents?
Which ideas had little criticism for the most part?
How many of the buildings in Beichuan collapsed?
Who does space superiority ensure freedom of action in space for?
With whom did Hayek more frequently converse?
Why did Mustafa A.G. Abushagur not become prime minister?
What is the most common of the special matches?
Ebreo is an Italian word derivation of what word?
How much of the Bronx speaks English at home?
How long ago did Tuscan have their first visitors?
Who was the last monarch to use the royal assent in 1708?
When did the co-operation between Chinese nationalist forces and communists end?
What was the hit off Steppenwolf's self-titled debut lp?
What percentage of total waste can be attributed to paper?
What did people who became ill with beri-beri have as their main food source?
What professor was retired in a 2003 labor strike?
What did John Maynard Keynes want to separate?
What kind of derivation in Catalan is similar to other languages?
What do the Vilanovins mock the media friendly Carnivals as being about?
What did CBS call ARC after buying it?
Under the reign of who did the Ottoman empire control much of Southeastern Europe?
What stigma do correctional officers have to deal with?
"Yale University also contains a historical site within it campus, the name of it?"
"Which family of birds are neither migratory or sedentary but considered to be dispersive, irruptive or nomadic?"
For what action was government assistance necessary after the Tuvalu cyclone??
"Out of all nations in Central America, which provided the most legal immigrants in 2013?"
What is the capacity of water that the dams on Cyprus can hold?
What was the wiec?
What kind of system was the coats of arms?
What was Frederick's response to the occupation by Hadik?
Who denounced Jewish People in many of his writings?
The Maratharas gained what over Rajputana?
How did the 187 Airborne Regimental Combat Team prevent North Korean leaders from fleeing?
Who appointed five Aboriginal Protectors for the Aborigines of Victoria in 1839?
The new Iranian government following the Shah's downfall dealt with the Kurdish rebellion in what year?
What do researches believe must be taken into account for women in these studies?
Who awarded a teaching license in Islamic schools?
What was the item called that recorded the sounds?
When did the University of Michigan leave Detroit?
When did the university acquire the property for the West Campus?
What amount of conventional pesticide use does the agricultural sector account for?
Some seabird species only come ashore for what purpose?
What percent of the population is born somewhere else in Switzerland?
What was on the land at 30 degrees latitude north in the carboniferous period?
"The ""To Secure These Rights"" findings wanted desegregation of which institution?"
The United Nations Statistics Division defines Western Asia to contain what?
What was the Naval Air Station Bermuda originally?
What is the lowest zone of the Alps called?
Movements were influenced by philosophical thought within the Vedic tradition such as what?
The necessary exists due to what?
What type of business is LeClairRyan?
What does NESA Teach?
Who was hired to replace windows in the Chapel from 1949-1952?
What are the tallest trees in the world?
What was the old name of Heart Hampshire?
Why is there a debate as to dubbing the diamondback terrapin the oldest indigenous land vertebrate?
Who wrote The Threepenny Opera?
What was done to tin to make it stronger?
Who was the first Dalai Lama to have political control over Tibet?
When did the Chinese attack Burma?
What rebellion happened in 1160?
"Upon dealing with leakage current and parasitic effects in a realistic model of a capacitor, what sort of methods can then be applied?"
What did the female descendants of Argos have to accomplish ?
What does rich alluvial diamond deposits make Namibia a source of?
What was the founding year of the New York Daily News?
The idea of an ice-age that completely covered a continent was suggested by whom?
What was Spectre's original name?
Which country did the RSFSR border on the west?
What was the name of the poet Chopin became acquainted with in Paris?
A sate of unrestrained political corruption is known as what?
What percentage of it's population did Poland lose in the war?
Who did a recording where Étude Op. 10 No. 5. follows relude Op. 28 No. 7?
How long did Prohibition last?
What was Eugene Atget known for photographing?
What king ruled Persia in 520 BC?
What was the last husband of Jacquelyn Kennedy known for ?
When did translation of material into Arabic begin to increase?
How many municipalities are in Thuringia?
North Zhejiang and south Jiangsu are famed for their opulence and what else?
What are most prokaryotic genes organized into?
Why did some critics say that Chopin was too delicate?
What are high-index glasses erroneously called?
What population of Hyderabad lived in slums in 2012?
"Soul competency (liberty), salvation through faith alone, Scripture alone as the rule of faith and practice, and the autonomy of the local congregation what examples of what?"
Which entities have the capability to refer a bill to the Supreme Court?
Did the Bishops have someone else in mind?
Where did the drug traffickers come from?
What was the name of the cultural development that defined the black American literary canon?
How much money did Lipitor make before the patent expired?
What are the only airside locations where filming is allowed?
What two things did the operators of the gun have to do?
"Along with distribution and studio operations, what part of Universal was retained by Carl Laemmle, Jr. during bankruptcy?"
In what year did the king demand ale-sellers post signage on pain of forfeiture?
What breed was so prolific it became a prototype of hound?
When did the colonies collectively become a part of the Commonwealth  of Australia?
What was a concern of the Kinsey scale?
What basic trait do all hunter-gatherers share?
What was the purpose of launching the BeiDou-1C satellite?
Who can restore a database that has been corrupted?
What treaty did Stalin and China enter into?
How does Tucson rank among US metro areas?
What is the legal status of nobilitas?
What is the effective f-number proportional to?
Using animal fur as clothing was once considered what?
What does the transcription factor wrap around?
What overlaps significantly with Haredi Judiasm?
What Senate group held hearings on the purchase?
With whom did Chopin go to Berlin?
What does the word 'customer' properly apply to?
How many offices have been established in Houston by foreign governments?
Who did Güshi Khan grant the governing authority to?
What England's average percentage for people claiming job seeker's allowance?
How long did Digimon stay off the air before returning?
What part of birds was found on an expedition to Mt. Everest?
Who is also called Kanti?
"What are S roads, the mid-level that connects district capitals to regional capitals?"
Nigeria was the second African country to perform which medical procedure?
Is a warrant required before or after a wiretap?
What Hindu philosophy is about naturalism?
What is so well known about this period ?
Who decided Ukraine's official language?
What type of locomotive technology was to be developed by GE under its Ecoimagination program?
Which author popularized a pessimistic view of the Late Middle Ages in his 1919 book?
What is added to the ending in suffix pairs?
During what decade did rock and roll music first rise to popularity?
A unified German Empire ended the balance of power in which congress?
Which confederation conquered the territories north of the Han's border?
Who wrote to Burgoyne on February 8th?
"In addition to individual applications, what modern systems that control the basic functions of a computer typically use UTC?"
What was one of the variants of the mandolin that was used?
Who sponsored the ninth tour?
"Besides census records and passenger lists, what NARA documents are particularly useful to genealogists?"
Who were the early settlers of Ann Arbor?
Who was the residing judge of the lawsuit?
What is the average day temperature on the coast during summer?
How do cheap variable capacitors vary the separation distance between layers of a plastic and aluminum?
How did Burke think the Whigs secretly felt?
What tribes inhibited the area that now constitutes Himachal Pradesh?
Interstate 26 begins on what part of Charleston?
How much did Minority Report earn?
"Attempts to unify Latin, Greek, and Cyrillic would create which sort of problems?"
When is HMS Queen Elizabeth projected to commission?
Which group of people were wrongly blamed for all the disasters that struck the region?
In what area did the French army display superior technology to its opponents?
Are there specific rules for wearing head dresses?
What part of the original model PS3s starting causing problems in March of 2010?
What two major biotech companies are headquartered in San Diego?
In what century did humanistic phycology rise in prominence?
What is the term for the amount of uranium-235 needed to sustain a nuclear chain reaction?
Who attacked Scout and Jem?
Does England have its own Parliament?
To which Galilean city did Joseph and Mary take Jesus?
What kind of scholarly interest has Czech received?
What is the ratio of boron to potassium nitrate in green pyrotechnic flares?
"In Whitehead's view, identities do not define people, but what?"
What is the average coldest temperature?
What did Lebanese pro-Nasser groups want?
"What else, other than antioxidants, helps protect body systems?"
When was The Sun printed on the Wapping presses for the last time?
What is the internet service provided through?
What subdivision was associated with the province?
What amount of conventional pesticide use does the agricultural sector account for?
What kind of game is Formula One Championship Edition?
Who spent several years as a political refugee in the city?
What government agency asked Marvel to do a series of stories to publicize an issue?
In what war was France defeated by Prussia?
"What prevailed with the disgrace of ""Near East""?"
What sentiment persists even though racial and colonial definitions of the Middle East are no longer ideologically sound?
Where were the free people of color located in north carolina in 1860?
What is the name of the formal prayer proscribed by the Quran?
In 1829 on a trip back to Berlin Chopin was a guest of who?
In which state do the greatest percentage of Tennessee tourists reside?
What is the name of the regiment that frequently served as Napoleon's escort?
What is Atkin's Hall?
Who did Americo-Liberians not identify with?
The Vrina Plain basilica is in which city?
How much money did Premier League earn regarding television rights in 2010-13?
"As of 3/3/2016, how many active aircraft carriers are there worldwide?"
When did Middle Persian start being u sed?
When did the last king of the Roman Kingdom lose his seat of power?
"Countries might change their DST policy by enactments, adjustments, and what other type of policy changes?"
What is the approximate area of Southeast Asia?
How many games could you buy to go with your PS3 when it launched in North America?
Which singer performed at Bell's funeral?
How many knights out of ten would be mobilised?
What family of plants is most important for human sustenance?
When was England again able to ship to the Netherlands?
How many subordinate divisions did the National Military Establishment contain?
What class did a majority of appointed ministers come from during the Han dynasty?
What is New Haven best known for in terms of the main landmark and structure?
What type of lighting can be mounted in the ceiling to appear flush?
How many equity theaters does Seattle have?
Who won the battle?
When did Free break up?
What two formats are typically used to recorde non-cinematic HDTV video intended for broadcast?
Around when did Presbyterian missionaries arrived in New Mexico?
How does the Center for Measuring University performance rank Washington University?
Where has transnational policing become more important?
"Aspiration is what, in English and some other languages?"
What is the purpose of a DBMS?
What is the heart of the Protestant moral code?
What office replaced the imperial guards?
What types of variations does Biodiversity refer to?
What did a dog's good hearing help humans with?
Who was the commander of the Moroccan invasion of 1591?
What range of estimates have been given for Teresa Heinz Kerry's net worth?
What market value were gold coins traded in relation to?
What actor featured in Winchester '73?
"In what year was the album Cry Like a Rainstorm, Howl Like the Wind released?"
When did the United States land forces on Okinawa?
What large company moved its headquarters to South Lake Union in Seattle?
In which year did forward passes become acceptable in Canadian football?
Who popularized the term Serbo-Croatian?
Which channels does the CD+G use to hold graphics data?
What two winter sports would you do at the mountain range?
How many people were killed during the demonstrations against the curfew?
What was said to be the  Yongle Emperor plans?
What was the endeavor to reclaim territory from Israel called?
What score did the PS3 Slim earn from PC World?
What was inspired by the fall of the Berlin wall?
About how many immigrants from Bangladesh lived in the city in 2013?
"When Gaddafi staged his coup, did he need to use a great show of violence?"
What has changed since the second half of the 20th century?
What was the price of uranium per pound as of May 2003?
What are the descriptions for?
What component of emotion provides its perceived energy?
Did all of the political prisoners obtain freedom due to the election in Burma of 2012 ?
What award did both Luís Figo and Cristiano Ronaldo win?
This program was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation.
"Who penned a ""Statement of Professional Responsibility""?"
About how small is the average bumble bee bat?
How is a vacuum created inside of a manual water pump?
What part of the area did Jayapala lose?
"People favoring those in their group over outsiders, is an example of what?"
What subject does the question of who has a monopoly on spiritual truth regard?
When did Burke release 'A Letter to a Member of the National Assembly'?
How many New Yorkers work in the television and film industry?
The version of Twilight Princess fo which console won three IGN awards?
What did subject did Humbert love very much?
In what year did the War of Attrition begin?
The advent of what telescope made it easier to study Neptune?
"Which radio station caters for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender audiences?"
Most Southernly town of somerset
What is Watson famous for helping discover?
What type of chemicals is Iran a leading manufacturer of in the Middle East?
Who describes Delphi and Dodona as frenzied women?
What year did the OKL become aware that Britain would be a possible target?
What was the state capital of North Carolina in 1722?
What land was included in the kingdom of Ba?
Which software can aid in the design of robotically created mosaics?
In what year did Universal make a film version of Dracula?
Who is the first MMA fighter to participate in carrying the Olympic torch?
What is a way to increase the strength of a radio transmission?
A checkered cloth on a table was used in medieval Europe to help count what?
With whom did Usborne draw parallels to Hopkins as a result of Hopkins' comments?
When was the Macintosh Portable first released?
What did Gautama spend the rest of his life doing after reaching enlightenment?
How much of the Bronx vote did Hillquit get in 1917?
What kind of tale was Tirant lo Blanc?
What did the author of Whitehead's biography comment on the first page regarding the difficulty of obtaining information about Whitehead?
In what year was Kanye West's sixth album released?
"What does the ""NCD"" in ""NCD files"" mean?"
"If removing an introduced species entirely isn't a posibility, what is the next best outcome?"
What newspaper did Radio Saint Helena collaborate with?
What was the first Namibian newspaper?
Where had the Japanese advanced to?
In what Middle Eastern country is there a notable Somali population?
What do Type-A receptacles do on host devices?
What did Chopin compose after hearing Niccolo Paganini?
What does research show about the FBO effect?
What was another regional leader involved in the origins of szlachta?
"Along with being his cousin, what relationship did Ali have to Muhammad?"
What sportswear company has a deal with the University of Kansas?
Which contestant was surprisingly eliminated during the week of the top four?
On what date was Melbourne's highest temperature recorded?
Whose masterpieces are a mixture of naturallism with stylization?
How many views did Grimm's last email get in the first four days after it was posted?
What is it called when a pathogen grows within the host cells?
What former Archbishop of Canterbury has reservations about the Freemasons?
Who began to increase their coverage of weaker debts?
How far away is the nearest land mass to Norfolk Island?
What does UNTAG stand for?
What can see stealth aircraft even with RCS?
Where is the FBI's data campus?
When does promotion from major to lieutenant colonel in the USAF typically occur?
Who did the organizations file the complaints with?
What is capitalization commonly use to indicate in poetry independent of any grammatical feature?
"What types of names do ""coloureds"" have?"
Why do birds migrate?
What pop singer was an original judge on American Idol?
Who has the highest numbers of the British Orders of Chivalry?
When were the powers of the municipalities of Mexico City first reduced?
"What does ""Meija era"""
How many fraternities are located at Washington University?
What group did Umar ibn Ad Al-Aziz grant liberties to?
What might the ice particles of Neptune's rings be coated with?
"What would a group like Crowdfund, GoFundMe or Kickstarter possibly belong to?"
How large in square kilometers is Greater Hyderabad?
Who was Prefect Nicholas Frochot under?
What is the name of Chopin's pupil who performed with him?
What goal is cited as the reason these killings took place?
What is dough made from barley flour called?
When did Detroit file for bankruptcy?
What is the pure silver dollar referred to as?
Which year was used for estimates in the 2013 report?
Which park divides 122nd Street along with Marcus Garvey Memorial Park?
How many police were killed in Lagos in Aug 2000-May 2001?
What cannot launch using a ski-jump due to their high loaded weight?
In what decade did movie theaters become popular?
Which articles allow the soverign to refise consent even when the bills have been passed through the Legislative assembly?
"By the late 7th century, what was a main function of Lundenwic?"
When did Penn Square Bank go bankrupt?
How many researchers does the University of Michigan expect to hire?
The Hanseatic League was what type of institution?
What language does the word Music see it's origins in?
When was the Japanese siege of Imphal broken?
What types of light can LEDs form better than incandescent?
What nation formed a protectorate over the Marshall Islands?
What buddhist belief says that Buddhas come one at a time and not within other eras?
What are digestive enzymes mostly secreted as?
How is the mandolin usually played?
What was the name of the singing student Chopin was attracted to?
What computer did Arthur L. Samuel program to play checkers in 1957?
What do these critics argue couldn't have been intended by the framers of the constitution?
What helps the earthworm grab grass leaves and weeds?
Tito was awarded with the Order of the White Rose of what country?
What is the typical diameter of the filament on a 60-watt bulb?
What part of the Manhattan Project did Tennessee host?
Where did archaeology on the international scene fall into?
What interchangeable terms did Homer use in his poems for Greeks ?
What mineral sometimes contains uranium?
"Out of 10,000 people, how many people are bitten by dogs in the United States?"
What helped cut down time standing in the queue for shelters?
What happens with the pinch off part of the outer membrane?
What is the best means of estimating the historical growth of character inventory?
What locations saw an increase in populations?
Who was the first pope to set foot in the abbey?
Until how long did South Korea ban Japanese cultural products?
Who referred to the Classical Attic dialect stops by the three distinctions?
What business fields has Whitehead influenced?
What does ftp stand for?
What official administered Germany's Micronesian possessions?
Who did Kanye become inspired by while creating 808s & Heartbreak?
When was ISO/IEC 646 published?
What number was dell on the Fortune 500 list until 2014?
What is the name of the exhibition installation that Madonna teamed up with fashion photographer Chris Klein called?
In 2010 what were the estimates for the amount of videos with advertisements uploaded without the copywriter's consent?
What group in the US was popular?
What did the Chief Justice decide?
What was the only land mammal native to New Zealand?
How long was Karim in the Queen's employment?
When was the last senate election in St. Barts?
What AFL team would be based in Des Moines?
When did London host its first Summer Olympics?
About how many people in Somalia speak Somali?
What tournament used to be known as the Buick Invitational?
What happened to the Public schoolboys in these sports?
To whom is the Boeing credit union open?
What did not exist at the time during which Micronesians arrived at the Marshall Islands?
When did the ITU announce that it had embraced micro-USB as the Universal Charging Solution?
In what year was Diana  brought into the pomerium?
What's  window shapes di Czech Cubist architects use?
Who was the first king of Artaxiad dynasty of Armenia?
How much of Estonia is ethnic Russians?
What is one primary role of the Canbera-class LDH?
What is one of the historical certain facts about Jesus?
What is the relationship between Indo-Iranian and Baltic languages?
When was the Bronx added to NYC?
How old was Tongzhi when he came to power?
What actress removed herself from participation in the relay?
What is Kaminfegerkinder?
What year did a change in DST policy cost North America somewhere between $500 million and $1 billion in extra work?
What distinct kind of British English does Stroop say has a similar function to Polder Dutch?
Who was the editor of the Independent?
What was the driving force behind Milton Winternitz's research?
Who was an early leader of the city?
When was the drug taken off shelves in Germany?
Which level of schools in Southampton are the worst behaved in the UK?
War with what country seemed imminent?
What was the name of Kanye West's high school?
"In what legislation was the term ""eagle"" used?"
What is the practive of coprophagia behaviours?
What organization was Greek a founding member?
How many PS3 did Hirai set a public goal to sell by the time the product was nine?
What kind of protection did Cork have?
What was the amount of sea level change on Tuvalu estimated by the 2011 report?
One of the most important business in which Shell is involved is what?
What occurs to colors of short wavelengths in Rayleigh scattering?
What is ijtihad?
Where was the kingdom of Yue located according to chronicles?
What type of aircraft is not appropriate to be used in close proximity of US ground troops?
"Who was Napoleon's illegitimate son by his mistress, Maria Walewska?"
How many Jews live in Argentina?
What type of organism was named after Beyonce in 2012?
What nationality is the Flying Fathers team?
Who was set to lead the PLO?
"Soul competency (liberty), salvation through faith alone, Scripture alone as the rule of faith and practice, and the autonomy of the local congregation what examples of what?"
How many volumes was Waitz work?
"Who was the English general who met with Benjamin Franklin on Septermber 11, 1776?"
"Where is the ""Chocolate District"" located?"
Did von Neumann enjoy thinking?
When was John Lofting born?
When are cabooses still used occasionally?
What school within the University of Southern California does the Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global Policy belong to?
What tribe did Ali belong to?
What political ideology dominated Austrian politics in the decades before the second world war?
what were two big subgenres of house music?
What is an important benefit to using copper as an architectural material?
"In addition to suspending their obligations under a treaty to the violating party, what may result from a material breach of treaty obligations?"
Since when have Amalgams been used?
What was the title of the first book Madonna penned?
For what reason are hydraulic elevators not powered by the standard emergency system?
What type or ornamentation was featured on the Illyrians shilds and war belts?
What is Neptune's planet center temperature?
Was there any debate about the voting process in Ohio?
How many times did John levi scutage payments?
When did the North Carolina Constitution disestablish the Anglican church?
"What type of container can be used to transport draft beer, and is better for the environment that a bottle?"
How many electoral votes does Guam currently have?
How many genders does Catalan have?
How many cases that are diagnosed in childhood make it past 10 years with asthma?
What is the maximum amount of players allowed?
How many people demonstrated?
what happened to the internet in the late 1980s?
What happened to the French Mediterranean fleet?
"Food with an emphasis on seafood, salt, and dairy is an exaple of what?"
What group controlled the Mafia in New York in the 20th century?
What was another name used for Higher Education?
In what year did Egypt sell its portion of Suez Canal?
The Holy Roman Empire comprised of how many petty states?
How many crew were with Kerry?
Which three parts make up the TSFSR?
When is Guinea-Bissau warm?
What is its largest island?
What was the first album Beyoncé released as a solo artist?
What is the name of the shawl that married women wear on their upper bodies?
From what land did the people of Niutao believe they came?
Which French station has refused to adopt a 24 hour schedule?
Where is the OTS in the US currently located?
"How many albums does Kanye have on the ""500 Greatest Albums of All Time"" list?"
How many singles did her second album produce?
What institution controls BYU?
The Church of Central Africa-Presbyterian often offers what services?
What does using race as a category within the law legitimize?
What is the name of the book written by Anton Hansen Tammsaare?
What had caused citizens to vacate their farms?
On which street is the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center located?
"All taxis in Delhi were ordered to switch to what type of fuel by March 1, 2016?"
Which ethnicity claimed the majority in Bermuda during the 17th century?
Where did the Portuguese royal family move in 1808?
what sometimes prefers a more lenient position on Dietray laws?
What was the result for Admiral Byng?
Who fined Queen for donating to a school for the deaf and blind?
Upon what is Portuguese agriculture based?
What caused a dramatic shift in Italian sentiment toward the war?
Who has the power to appoint and dismiss the Prime Minister?
Who was over the new U.S. Strategic Air Forces in the Pacific command?
When was Victoria's coronation?
The city of Charleston is defined by the limits of the Parish of St. Michael and what other parish?
What is omitted when an act is published?
Which region of America was the novel set in?
What percentage of difference is there between the genetic material of humans and the genetic material of chimpanzees?
When was Nanjing considered to be the biggest city in the world?
What did the Imperial Japanese Navy Wakamiya conduct in September 1914?
What enrichment process was used by the Manhattan Project?
How many households were there in Atlantic City during the 2010 United States Census?
What season is black bear hunting allowed?
In what year did Pope John XXIII die?
How many base stations did China Mobile have suspended?
Which doctor from Pakistan served until 2000?
What event is stated as a reason why the word heretic is used less often in modern times?
By what year did the Allies force the French out of the Iberian peninsula?
The Standard Elocutionist was printed how many times?
Who is responsible for proposing BYU's current name?
What did authors and artists begin advocating for instead of the underground scene?
What is the film's theme song?
What country is the Premier League the most distributed televised sports broadcast?
When did Britain transfer Hong Kong to China?
What do latinos consider a light skinned mulatto to be?
When did Cloudina exist?
Which two countries sought to crush the nascent republic?
When was the Treaty of Kyakhta written?
What denominations are considered to be better educated than most other groups?
What was Zhou's ineffective response to the issue plaguing the PVA?
What is the fourth and final stomach compartment in ruminants?
What was the focus of the Northern Renaissance?
What advantage did Washington have over the British generals?
Why do many hip hop and R&B artists turn to house music?
What event was coincidental with the North American megafauna extinction?
"Who performed the song ""Everybody""?"
How many homes had been rebuilt?
True aspirated consonants have been found in Kelabit Taa and what else?
Who lived at Buckingham Palace during WWI?
Where does rationalism say knowledge comes from?
Which year was the Lancashire County Cup abandoned?
When did the second line of Metrobus open?
What is limited by Miami's high water table?
How did the original  Constitution identify its society members ?
What root did Egyptians use to source their red pigment alizarin?
It has been suggested that a primary Baptist principle is that local Baptist Churches are what?
What did Pinnacle Entertainment intend to replace the Sands Atlantic City with?
What important aim of minority leader pertaining to elections?
What changed worldwide property drasrically?
Where does a cappella still maintain a heavy presence?
What was the name of the colony founded by the Pilgrim Fathers in the New World?
The state decreed that how many men serve along the border in 1846?
What is a current LZ based coding scheme that does well?
What is Longjing tea also called?
How much is Eddy Street Commons at Notre Dame expected to cost?
What is the symbol for zinc?
What school disagreed with the principles of the Mimamsa school?
How many people competed to be Brasilia's urban planner?
For whom did Hayek work upon being hired by Ludwig von Mises?
What caused an increasingly literate population to develop in the Enlightenment era?
The largest Carnival celebration takes place in which city?
Which huge internet seller is headquartered in Seattle?
Where was  fresh food sold daily in Charleston in 1840?
What kind of printing press helped increase the circulation and influence of The Times back in 1817?
What did Nasser symbolize?
Who did Henry II express his fury and ill-will towards?
What is the pro of 4GL over a 3G language?
What city did Muravyev decide not to take control over?
When was Roland Barthes book published?
What is still the conventional use of the ETX code?
What did Zaha Hadid design?
What is the per capita GDP of Cyprus given by the IMF?
What group did Maulana Masood Azhar lead?
For how long did the Soviet Union go unrecognized?
Where is Eduardo Bonilla-Silver a Sociology professor?
Who was Archbishop of Canterbury during Paul VI papacy?
About how many birds are released onto shooting estates every year?
What happened on January 1st 1901?
What year did Charles Babbage find out that An Analytical Engine was possible?
In what year did Southampton's fourth cruise terminal open in the western docklands?
"Along with the University of the South Pacific, what tertiary education institution exists in the Marshall Islands?"
What do abusive drugs effect in the circadian system?
Avoidance of unwholesome actions and use of positive actions is called what?
What was the date of the first action of the Franco-Prussian War?
"In developing countries, is it common for children to attend fewer or greater years of formal schooling?"
What is the theoretical maximum efficiency of reflective capsule bulbs?
What is the penalty for a time count on the first two downs?
What did hunters feel hunting over the Internet violated?
Does the government allow access to any desired  media channels for residents ?
Since when has the severe weather in the Alps been studied?
Which model does Ford manufacture in their Southampton plant?
How many of the men died in prison?
What were the Japanese originally going to drop on San Diego from their kamikaze planes?
Who did the Thunder lose to in the Western Conference finals?
How long is the longest avenue in Mexico City?
What are the primary languages of Europe that are used in Burma ?
Why did Gaddafi's family leave Sabha?
Housing for employees was built in what area during the 1920s?
When did Karma Phuntsok Namgyal reign?
Who tried to invade Egypt in the famous line-in-the-sand incident?
When did Armenia begin winning Olympic medals?
Who created the astrolabe?
What was a negative of regulating the lake's water height?
What is the value of the contract between Under Armour and Notre Dame?
"Who sued Apple, Samsung Electronics and Sandisk in 2007?"
In what year was Peter of Alexandria martyred?
"In the field that Stuart was working, what did he and his colleagues often concentrate on?"
How many school and universities are in NYC?
What is Nanjing's nationwide ranking for National key laboratories?
What has been a major factor in the restoration of Estonia after winning their independence?
What percentage of shares in Arsenal did Kroenke own by 2011?
Who wanted to take over Constantinople?
How many hours of bright sunshine does Nanjing get each year?
What party was Pedro Albizu Campos part of?
How is the shofar used?
Who do majuscules have which distinguish themselves from minuscules?
Which conjugation has less than 100 verbs?
How many tourists visited Israel in 2013?
How much of Melbourne's water capacity is the Thomson River Dam capable of holding?
When was Barcelona founded?
The abbey was recognised as what until 1556?
At what age did Spielberg make 'Escape to Nowhere'?
"According to the 2011 London census, what percentage of children were black?"
Companies did what in an effort to circumvent Nintendo's console authentication?
How many miles is Tuscon from the U.S.- Mexico border?
What country initiated conflict?
why do satellites need to fire engines every few day to keep orbit?
The primary job of the brain is what?
When was the southern tip of Africa colonized?
Where is the Augmented Programme required for further education?
Who won the 1876 election as a result of voter intimidation?
By the beginning of what century was the Romanesque style established all over Europe?
Ruins of merchants' homes that survive today are evidence that Southampton had rich people in what century?
What further ideas for public transportation is the city currently considering?
How many months of washing did a 1999 study look at?
The shrine of San Vittore in ciel d'oro had mosaics from which century?
In the 20th century most people practiced some form of what faith?
What happened after they decided agasint shifting?
Secure Blue was launched in what year?
What did A.W Kinglake make the British out to be?
Who set fire to Plymouth in 1403?
How many free people of color lived in Charleston in 1860?
With whom was it said the the movement ended?
Damaged aircraft can be out of action for days or what?
How are passenger cabs separated from the lift?
What date marked the start of Schwarzenegger's second gubernatorial term?
Where can a remnant of improvisation tradition be found?
On which date were lawsuits filed against Harvard and Chapel Hill?
Whom set the most recent sales record of vinyl records since 1991?
What pump can capture gases in a solid or absorbed state?
How many seasons did the Toronto Phantoms last?
"Who is the artist that drew grapes so lifelike, birds flew up and pecked at them?"
What philosophical debates arose in the middle ages?
"What is the literal translation of the word ""schatzi""?"
For how long at most is an unlicenced caretaker manager allowed to control a Premier League team for?
How can this be adjusted more easily than changing antenna types?
Which athlete was ignored by media for supporting the protesters?
Which country did Britain conquer in 1897?
What did the Belorussians wish to be cleaned up?
Who was sent to Switzerland?
How many North Carolinians from the west fought for the union Army?
"Along with Lamin Khalifah Fhimah, who was suspected of the attack on Pan Am Flight 103?"
What is flying past their destinations called?
Who were told they would be banned from reentering Thailand?
What popular property in Monopoly was actually a misspelling?
In what country was John Lofting born?
Where does ice start accululating in a glacier?
"After 1945, The Times supported what party for 5 years afterwards?"
What century do the terms Baroque and Rococo come from?
What was the headline for a page 2 Sun story on 17 November 1989?
What year did data for the Oakland Growth Study stop being collected?
Which magazine did Beyonce pose on the cover for in August of 2015?
What was the name of the first song that Taylor Hicks released after winning American Idol?
What was the result of the War of Independence?
What is to the west of Guinea-Bissau?
How much of the world's child labour does India's workers contribute to?
Who is said to have mastered the astrolabe?
Changes in what intended to keep U.S. banks competitive with their European counterparts?
What place on the charts did Date Records' big success land on?
What is the mesothelium made of?
What was Ibn al-Haytham's nickname?
"Who took over for Jim Jordon, when he was fired?"
Which parent was the deciding factor for how interracial persons were recorded in this census?
Which Emporio Armani fragrance did Beyoncé promote in 2007?
How could a white child be considered a member of the Omaha tribe?
What generates protonated molecular hydrogen?
Which division of Dell were unsuccessful in developing mobile devices?
What did Burke call 'a smuggling adventure'?
Where were slaves shipped to from West Africa?
What era did Kanxi's rule kick off?
Who did The Sun support in the 1984 U.S. presidential election?
When was the coronation of Elizabeth as Queen?
Who did the Partisans have conflicts with?
When was the Renaissance era?
Who assisted in saving the people from starvation?
Israel's legislative body is called what?
Who suggested the name Oklahoma?
What does the abbreviation PR stand for in terms of the US military?
How bad is the ozone in Mexico City?
Who owns the majority of pre-1950 Paramount sound releases?
Where is Emosson located?
What's the most popular church in Samoa?
Between what years was College Hall built?
How much XDR DRAM is on board a PS3?
Where does Florida rank in US population
What was the company that was responsible Connecticut rise as a manufacturing economy?
"Which music journalist described Beyonce as a ""crossover sex symbol?"""
What is a term for pubs that serve restaurant-quality food?
What is one of the Musical schools
Who backed two puppet regimes in/around Iran during WWII?
How many people lived per square kilometer in the city limits?
For what mineral reserve does Nanjing rank first in both East Asia and the South East Asia areas?
How many Ukrainians speak Russian actively as of 2004?
When was an African American president elected?
How does interchanging allophones of the same pheneme render words?
How is royal assent granted within Australia?
What was the October 2014 purchase price of the Waldorf Astoria?
"How many children does the protagonist, Atticus Finch, have?"
What new rule was put into practice during the 2010-11 season?
What is also a major note in Ciudad Vieja?
Where is the Phase-two key switch to be found?
What ideology did Tito abandon as part of his new socialism?
Today's Croatian language has its roots in what other language?
What is the name of the nearby minor league park?
Who threatened to retaliate?
Bell needed to fix both the transmitter and what?
What did SASO find wrong with the KInsey scale and Klein Sexual Orientation Grid?
What industry does South Park give priority to?
What did the pamphlet that Asa Gray published defend?
What plan of 1811 spread a grid of streets across Manhattan?
Which individual began a library at Notre Dame?
Active flight ability has played what kind of role for insects?
What makes solar energy an appealing source of electricity>
How many ITES and IT companies are located in HITEC city?
Why couldn't Petrovich persuade Austria to invade Prussia?
What length is the course of study at the Notre Dame School of Architecture?
how many ships sailed  from Torbay?
Who claimed victory at the Battle of Aegates Islands?
What styles are modern Portuguese poetry rooted in?
When did Spiro Mounds flourish?
Stainless steel is an example of what two alloys?
How long was Karim in the Queen's employment?
Houston ranked 3rd in which category by Forbes magazine in 2006?
By what year had DVD taken over the LaserDisc market?
In what year was the Education Reform Act made into law?
Who invented low voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes?
What type of educational institution does the term madrasa refer?
Are albums ever reproduced?
What can sometimes be meant by the term aerial specifically?
When was Mat Hoffman Action Sports Park considered one of the best by National Geographic Society?
"In 2001, what percent of Nigeria's population was Muslim?"
Each of a parent's two genes for each trait will sort independently into gametes according to what Mendelian principle?
"Geographically, what river was Northumbria north of?"
"What is an ""ensi""?"
What did American bombers drop on Vietnam?
How many beaches in St. Barts are suitable to swim in?
What was the outcome of the financial crisis since risk levels were not adequately disclosed?
Who aided U.S. forces in finding Japanese holdouts in the Philippines?
Who proposed this theory?
Who were the Ottomans led by?
What is a popular drinking game where beer is often considered?
Which countries were part of the Zurich and London Agreement?
"When was ""Russian language at the turn of the 20th-21st centuries"" published?"
What did this agreement establish?
"Besides the endurance running hypothesis, what other theory of food collection is there?"
The Twilight Princess manga was only available in what country?
Where were hospices established?
Which government sought to rapidly accelerate the modernisation of Melbourne?
The Rajpath was also known by what name?
How is a weakness addressed in some other connector standards?
What happened to Tom at one of the 1567 that changed his title ?
What all has helped with the fight against drugs?
In which year was the Second Council of Nicea?
During what era was the central Sudan rich in environment?
What year was the Grace Memorial Bridge built?
What financial innovation allows investment banks and hedge banks to make large wagers?
Where were the Winter Olympics held in 1924?
When did Burke's mother die?
How many Buddhists were there in 1910?
Who did Spielberg get money from to film Close Encounters?
What did the Muslim invaders staunchly keep after invading?
When is Children's Day?
What are the 50 states in the Union known as?
How were older notions of race used?
Who married Indigenous women early on?
Where did Bell's uncle live?
When did the university acquire the property for the West Campus?
How hot were Oklahoma's hottest summers?
What school translated Greco-Roman texts during the Islamic Golden Age?
Human geneticists argue that genetic variations have been identified that show high or low frequencies among Ashkenazi Jews?
How many citizen's were in the year 2000 census?
How did Frederick protect Silesia when he went to invade Saxony?
Does cold or warm air facilitate the transport of water vapor?
How are ogives formed?
When were the two service bells cast?
"Along with Plymouth and Devonport, what settlement comprised the Three Towns?"
In what pyramid position is an organism not preyed upon by any other predators?
Who ruled Turkey when the Armenian genocide happened?
What does IMF stand for?
"Who declared Kiev ""The mother of Rus citis'?"
When did many former colonies' citizens begin immigrating into Britain?
"In what year did the WHO say tuberculosis was a ""global health emergency""?"
What essential condition must be met for a subset of a group to be a subgroup?
Who did Spielberg get money from to film Close Encounters?
Why was Howard Dean proud of his graduating class?
In what settlements did most inhabitants of the Carolingian Empire live?
What will cause the amount of homosexuality to vary?
A legislator said that by allowing Farrow to enter Hong Kong while denying others was a violation to what policy?
Which cameras were first of their type to adopt the ASA scale?
What lines the coelomata of leeches?
What non-state area does Nigeria have?
What was youtube's revenue as estimated in 2008?
"In terms of budget, what is the estimated savings from using the fuel cell system?"
Where in London are the Albert Memorial and Royal Albert Hall located?
Who brought the language Hokkien to Myanmar?
Serialization of comics became less popular when?
"In Byzantine Gaza, Jews were relaxed on what ban?"
What word was used in the Oaths of Strasbourg for the oath's Germanic section?
what is the code point of the BOM?
What did Ramsay believe about river valleys?
What is Neptune's largest moon?
What group founded the Delhi Sultanate in the 13th century?
What does the creditworthiness of businesses depend on?
Who wrote in their will that they received loving care from the emperor in the east?
"What has no distinction between the categories  of voiced, voiceless, aspirated and unaspirated?"
WHo elected the king?
How many boroughs had very high HDI scores in 2005?
What is the name of the mosque under construction in Minneapolis?
What is required in order for hardware to be compromised?
When are state banquets held?
Who thought Burke was like an architect remodeling an old house instead of tearing it down?
What two organizations had Wheeler headed prior to joining the FCC?
What did the Convulsion caused by the global depression resul in?
When was the reference software approved?
Canada's Supreme Court didn't actually become that country's highest court until when?
In what year did Pope Paul VI close the Second Vatican Counsel?
What percent of the population is under 30 years old?
Where can view the network of tunnels to the catacombs?
How often has Montana voted for a Democratic governor?
What is another name for Eisenhower Expressway?
How long could a recording be on a 10 inch disc in the 1903?
What was the aim of the partnership with Fold3.com?
"How many countries did her song ""Irreplaceable"" get number one status in?"
Who is BJP's Chief MInister of Himachal Pradesh?
What other system of calculations are inherent in the Gregorian calendar?
Ancient Galicians took control of which city in northern Portugal?
"How many books out of 33, from 1975 to 1984, rejected race?"
What was the location of the earliest settlement near Plymouth?
"Though the Muslims couldn't take full control of Galicia, when was it that they invaded Spain?"
On how many of Tuvalu's islands did people live?
What was Comcast's telecommunication business prior to 1999?
Did other countries actively participate in business that first rang a bell to begin in the winter of 2014 in Myanmar ?
Who was the leader of South Vietnam in 1954?
What area is usually grouped with the Appalachians?
What is the average day emperature of Limassol during winter?
How can botany be applied to combating world hunger?
Which company is Alaska's only professional opera?
Which architect designed the Broadway Village shopping Center?
How is the Eritrean highway system named?
Why is it important for textual critics to analyze the Gospels?
How many PlayStation 3 consoles was Dr. Frank Mueller able to cluster together?
When was the Berlin Society of Anthropology founded by Rudolph Virchow?
When did John meet the rebel leaders at Runnymede?
Which president created a policy of non-discrimination for defense contractors?
"If diarrhea is stopped, would could happen?"
What activists were reported to have been arrested?
Where is the Triumph Healthcare hospital headquartered?
What neighborhood has historic homes?
Between 2000 and 2005 what percentage did Swazi sugar exports increase by?
In what year did Arsenal produce a remodeled crest that could be copyrighted?
Where was the commander-in-chief stationed?
"In Italy, the eastern projection beyond the transept often contains what?"
What type of music was Date Records known for?
The Vrina Plain basilica is in which city?
What month was a delay caused by Japanese rearguards north of Rangoon?
What album did the Spanish songs come from?
How many vehicles use the roads?
On what date was KU's Lawrence campus made official?
"Who has the power ""to coin money""?"
In what economic field of study does Hayek's views differ from those in macroeconomics?
What republican majority leader died in a plane crash?
How much did the SNES cost in the US?
Who was the labor leader of the Teamsters?
"In defense of Tarentum, when did Agathocles attack Italy?"
What is C4c deeply rooted in the Asian portion of?
Why were ports better targets?
Which bishop didn't realize the satirical nature of Burke's book?
Who is essentially considered the commander in chief of the Prussian army?
How much did CBC say they would save by ceasing analogue operation?
What football game tradition has since been discontinued?
What are some catalysts used in hydrogen cooling
What Democracy Score does Armenia have?
Who became the first indigenous Austrailian in Parliament?
What term is used most often when discussing the great civilizations of the Americas?
What were the meetings called that were hosted by Constantine that helped enforce orthodoxy by Imperial authority?
Which Tennessee agency enforces state wildlife regulations outside of parks?
What was the first Latin phrase used by the Royal Institute?
What natural resource were Germany and Austria-Hungary trying to conserve by using DST?
What type of painting are Bermuda artists known for?
In what city was the Mosque-Madrasah of Sultan Hasan?
What is one of the main things John Rolfe is known for?
What team did the owner of the Detroit Drive buy that led him to sell the Drive?
What does the scope of testing the software also look at?
What do Tucson's hard freeze temperatures dip to?
From what monarch did Gaddafi's movement take over Libya?
Were the results of the 2010 elections accepted by the United Nations?
What can be added to allow for an antenna shorter than the needed height to produce desired results?
Who ordered the construction of a paved road?
Who was the organist for Chopin's funeral?
What is the result of tectonic movements within the Dead Sea Transform?
Steamships and railroads rose with what else?
"What word literally mens ""ancestor?"""
In what year was the first permanent photograph produced?
What philosophers were given asylum?
What two systems were compare in the Soviet Union in 1970?
How many BS level degrees are offered in the College of Engineering at Notre Dame?
What's the name of the 578th sheriff of Southampton?
How many finalists were on this season?
In which year did a constitutional convention meet to form a new state out of the unincorporated territory that would become Tennessee?
What smaller university is in Utrecht
What is another unofficial well-known mascot?
What were the Uyghurs claiming to be?
What kind of trees have about 30% hemicellulose?
What are some other biographies that differ from the Jataka tales?
In what year was the Order of St. George founded?
What color is typical for Gram-negative bacteria after staining?
Who imposed the rigorous policy of Germanisation?
"Based on year 2000 data, where is GE ranked among the largest corporate producers of air pollution in the US?"
What Era began following the defeat of the confederacy?
Who is the developer of Eddy Street Commons?
How did return current effect water and gas in iron pipes?
What had caused citizens to vacate their farms?
Who produces all source intelligence investigations?
Which Tennessee city has the largest African-American population?
How many propositions make up the separationist position on the Establishment Clause?
Edvard Grieg and Antonin Dvorak used what kind of music in their compositions?
What is the May Forth Movement?
In what year were additional licensing laws introduced for beer houses?
When was the Patriot Act passed?
Why is it hard to find the origin of the word Tajik?
When was Tiberius Gracchus murdered?
Who gave the initial donation of the private library?
Approximately how many square feet of interior storage is available at the Port of New Haven?
What percentage of Norfolk Island residents voted in favor of self-governance?
Maudlin argues that the passage of time is what kind of asymmetry?
What type of aircraft have no need to decelerate?
In what century was the Newer Orthography created?
What was Mary prevented from having to endure ?
On which label did Frank Sinatra release his recording of Soliloquy?
When was the Valencian regional exhibition held?
Why didn't they move to Dublin?
What can be endotoxins called?
When was the British empiricism period?
The Limes Germanicus was breached in what year?
In what year did Pius XII deliver a radio address announcing Montini's papal appointment?
"Where does the word ""algebra"" come from?"
What did the plaintiffs claim the university had for an admissions policy?
What is professional wrestling?
Who sent pirates to capture merchant ships?
What is the term for the four subjects that comprised the liberal arts in medieval universities?
What did Athanasius do to avoid speaking to Alexander on his deathbed?
"Of what nationality is the person who called Somalia a ""Nation of Bards""?"
When did Schwarzenegger withdraw from involvement with Planet Hollywood?
A North German Federation under Prussian hegemony replaced what confederation?
What is the name of a former Asian Portuguese colony?
What kind of sound did Kanye abandon a rap and hiphop one for with his fourth album?
How are most student organizations at Washington University funded?
How long was there native Sumerian rule during the Third Dynasty of Ur?
An edited text compiled through many sources is known as what?
What is the US city with the second largest population?
What day do Hebrews celebrate Passover?
What treaty was supposed to stop Germany from having antiaircraft weapons?
Who won this season of Idol?
How long does the sponsor remain?
About what did the Shell executive boast in relation to the leaked communication?
What aircraft are considered the workhorses of the US Air Force?
In 1763 what was the status of Frederick?
"In what year, was the first Nobel Prize in Physics won?"
In what harbor is the Port of New Haven located?
Which Epistle details the raising of Jesus?
Who won the 2004 Iowa Democratic Caucus?
What were the artisan guilds called?
What language did most of Upper Canada speak?
What was the ordinary building material of Sumerians?
What did Heath do after his party could not form a coalition with the Labor party?
A compromise law from the state politicans achieved what?
How many phases made up the reconstruction plan for the Somali Post?
What allows genes for antibiotic resistance to be passed between individual cells?
When did the Satellaview end operation?
What is a common use for paper?
What have a and e done in eastern dialects?
How would one characterize the encounter with the Russian army in 1757?
What was the name of the painting used to represent raphael in St. Peter's?
What measure of distance described the nearness of the Angel's approach to Mohammad?
Who created Brick?
In what year was the Grotto of Our Lady of Lourdes at Notre Dame constructed?
What type of theories are favored by scientists studying sexual orientation?
What previously occupied the building used at the north campus of Washington University?
Who caused the fall of the monarchy happened in Brazil?
Why is pasture land limited?
Which standard does not include a specification for an MP3 encoder?
What did Chopin tend to avoid?
Who wrote the Germania?
Who does Shiji claim that its leaders were descended from?
What service did Elizabeth attend in Armagm?
What group might have Archaic Homo sapiens evolve out of?
What does the World Health Organization say about Solar water disinfection?
When did the process of funding the country's public university begin?
"What system are Little Island, Mallow, Midleton, Fota and Cobh stations of?"
What term is visual anthropology sometimes used interchangeably with?
Who was appointed Supreme Commander in Korea after the removal of General MacArthur?
What type of activity did early settlers use to get food that didn't involve farming?
When was Alexander Balus composed?
What is the per capita GDP of Cyprus given by the IMF?
What was the new anastethetic Victoria used in her last two childbirths?
What is the abbreviation for a tactical operations center?
How will the fiber optic connection impact the price for online access for the average user?
"When did the Alpine countries see an influx of poets, artists, and musicians?"
What is the Premier League Championship trophy based on?
"What defines finite groups of order p, a prime number, as being necessarily cyclic (abelian) groups Zp?"
What does the Evanston Campus Framework Plan outline?
How is steel produced?
What is wrestling to people during a peaceful time?
How do Afro-multiracials identify in the 21st century?
What type of activity did early settlers use to get food that didn't involve farming?
"When using a small loop antenna at a low frequency, what may occur?"
"What word is used in Samoa to mean ""respect""?"
Who held the opinion that judiasm demands and application of torah thought to the entire realm of human experience?
What does the angled deck separate the recovery operation area from?
What broke away from the Armenian Apostolic Church?
What type of armor did Japanese wear in the 7th century?
When did Afro Samurai first air?
How do birds conserve energy?
What is London's second most competitive industry?
What field did the majority of the employees at La Defense work in?
Who was Ali ibn Abi Talib?
The two subdivisions of what group include Palaeognathae and Neognathae?
When was the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk signed?
"Other than Serbo-Croatian, German, Russian, Czech, Slovenian and English, French and Italian, what language does Tito speak?"
"After Morsi removal, what country has Egypt improved relations with?"
What do we avoid disrupting by doing the time shift during days most people don't work?
In which decade did there start to be a lot of traffic in Southampton?
When was the original punk movement?
How can a wrestler be disqualified?
Richmond is located at what line of the James river?
What is the primary source of income in Tajikistan?
Where does Elizabeth's wealth place her in the list of the richest in the UK?
What are some fields of knowledge concerning the animal world that have been revolutionizes in the 21st century?
When did the war start up again?
What was the name of the second single called?
What did the branding of the Mac OS 8 effectively end?
What do you call paying government officials to use their position in their office?
"Along with the cingulate cortex and hippocampi, what structure is a notable part of the limbic system?"
"When entrusted funds are stolen, it is called what?"
What year saw the election of a plebeian to the office of praetor?
Which religios center is located at 210 West?
What is the decolonization of the Americas?
What religions are now practiced by 54% of the world?
Who is the present Minister of Foreign Affairs?
"At West Point, what game did Eisenhower play six nights a week for five months?"
What method of spread can occur in antibacterial resistance?
"Along with Christians and Jews, what was a major non-Muslim religious group under the Umayyads?"
What teachings originated with Arnold of Brescia?
When did Digimon first appear?
What is found in Florida
When was the first penalty kick?
How many sea animals live in Earth's polar regions?
What deity does the 12th century mosaic in the Hagia Sophia depict?
What President signed this act?
How is hydrogen produced when there is no atmospheric oxygen?
Which government project aimed to deepen Melbourne ports by dredging?
What country had to wait until June of 2007 for their PS3?
What does a female dog experience at sexual maturity?
Who is the next highest goal scorer after Mess?
What did Barry Goldwater call Eisenhower?
What year was the Banská Akadémia founded?
Who discovered the principles of magnetic and electric interactions?
Which year is the earliest dated Greek lower-case text?
What event was held after the sacrifice?
What activity is also greatly reduced in newborn infants?
What was included on the first iPod?
When was the Digimon series created?
What is affected when pesticides don't reach their target?
What Guptas brought much of India under Gupta rule?
Who received new and special protections in the new constitution?
What occurred in the winter of 2014 of significance for Myanmar ?
What prize did Domagk get for his work?
What New Haven non-profit manages the farmer's markets that service various neighborhoods weekly throughout the area?
What were the 2 types of migration during the 18th century?
Who determines the content taught in Arabic public schools?
What was the Malleus Maleficarum?
What are the sound holes covered with?
What became cheap enough for the middle class to buy?
In what city did West finish recording his first album?
How many troops did Napoleon field at the Battle of Marengo?
When was the time of Panini?
Which battle was considered the biggest in the war?
What is the southern edge of Tucson's downtown?
What measure was passed by Seattle voters in 2006?
What kind of meat is Sichuan known to produce in abundance?
Who told the story of the Cretan seer Epimenides?
How many municipalities in Thuringia are classified as towns?
Which insect hinders livestock development?
Who was the Greek king immortalized in Buddhist canon?
What is required for the electromagnetic field to come to thermal equilibrium?
What year did the Manchester institution begin?
What group notably murdered Libyan diplomats?
What are resistant bacteria called in the media?
What type or ornamentation was featured on the Illyrians shilds and war belts?
"Along with Patton, who was a notable interwar tank leader?"
What nations were outraged by the nationalization scheme?
How many people on average tuned in to watch American Idol in its second season?
"Being positioned as a higher end PC, what is it misleading to compare the Mac to?"
"Out of the top eight advertising agency networks in the world, how many are based in New York?"
What was the title of Jean-Baptiste Wicar's artwork inspired by the Aeneid?
When was Radio Mogadishu established?
Kairomones are a type of what?
What is caused by inhaling freshly formed zinc oxide?
Modern Baptist churches trace their history to what movement?
Whose earlier work did Nicholas Vavilov build upon?
In what kingdom was the Bizere Monastery located?
How may species have been found to be resistant to DDT?
In what year did Nuruddin Farah win the Neustadt International Prize for Literature?
Do Anglo-American grand lodges accept women as members today?
What year did the first governor arrive to Saint Helena?
What is the mission of the NDO in regards to nuclear security?
What is another term for language varieties?
What kind of cross is generally believed that Jesus was crucified on?
The common bit rate on the internet is 128 kbit/s using which compression ratio?
when the east india company move to commercial  trading what  company did they surpass?
Which of Virgil's works was said by some to have predicted Jesus' birth?
What company designed this interface?
An example of a 4GL is what?
How many inhabitants did Montevideo have in 1860?
Where did the government relocate to in 1937?
Who is credited with discovering zinc?
Who is the current Chief of the Charleston Police Department?
Where was Bell's home?
How long does the flight training for the AETC's Nineteenth Air Force last?
Who downplayed the contrast and recent past history between German and the Soviets?
"Who built monasteries in Lucerne, Switzerland and Oberammergau?"
"Which British jurist later made the phrase ""rule of law"" popular in the 1800s?"
How many Boers were taken prisoner during the Second Boer War?
"Where was Kerry's boat on Dec 2-3, 1968?"
What use of unmarked cars is controversial?
Who played Destry in Destry Rides Again?
How big is the largest forest in Yale's possession?
The maximum amount of players exclude what?
What was the name of West's fashion line for women?
What was the Kensington System?
What kind of glass are containers made from?
"What had been Poland's stance towards the US, historically?"
Choules complimented the streets of Southampton for being kept in what condition?
What was the German flag that was similar to the Rot-un-Wiss replaced by?
What people did the rycerstwo class represent?
What is Korea's largest port?
What law prohibited birth control?
"New studies have found that half of reactivation cases of tuberculosis might actually be due to what other ""re-"" word?"
What architectural style was used to design Branch House?
"When it comes to plans and outcomes, what do development anthropologists look at between them?"
Which theory does the relativity depart from?
When was Madonna's third album released?
What distinguishes birds from almost all other vertebrate classes?
In what decade did Finland begin employing comprehensive schools?
What medium was originally used to keep Internet Archive's data?
What kingdom was Guinea-Bissau once a part of?
do domestic and wild geese have the same apperearance ?
What name was adopted for Elizabeth's male-line descendants who do not have royal titles?
Michael Dell removed employee bonuses from what year with his new incentive?
What is the county's payroll?
When was the Family Computer (Famicom) released in Japan?
When did Ottoman rule occur in Cyprus?
Tahitian and Tongan are two examples of indigenous peoples of what descent?
The redesign of notes is being planned by which organization?
What material is used in order to release the vinyl records from their molds?
what is it called when fiber-optics are used for end users?
Who was Moses?
In what year was there a double homicide?
What ensures the safety of nuclear operations?
How many different breeds are there?
In what part of the country can most of the Congo's citizens be found?
What industry is Wall Street associated with?
Is neoclassical design current in Britain?
Which state borders Tennessee to the east?
Who suggested that Ireland was less stable by 1216 than previously supposed?
What 1688 event helped the parliament solidy its power against the monarch?
What was it called when East Germany joined the republic?
What county is Tuscon located in?
Who described Tharapita?
What person was the Director of the Science Museum at Notre Dame in the late 19th century?
Which forest is the largest national forest in the US?
Who else did the BSA issues a report in 2011 with?
How many passengers did San Diego Internatonal Airport serve in 2005?
What apparatuses do groups use?
What can coelomocyte cells defend against?
What counties surround Richmond?
What higher-level is constantly up for debate and research?
What organization was responsible for the planting of several cherry blossom trees in 1973?
Anticircumvention exemptions are generally seen to be be what?
Who stated in August 2014 that they picked up the rights beginning in its 2015 season?
What man is associated with the beginnings of Evangelicalism?
Schwarzenegger's role in Stay Hungry led to a Golden Globe win in what category?
What fraction of land was under cultivate using the three-field system?
During what decade did Melbourne suffer a sever economic depression?
What nickname does Tuscon have because of their many companies involved in optics?
Who wants the border between Turkey and Armenia opened?
When was the first bicycle lane created in New Haven?
What party members win most state and national legislative elections?
Where did Nasser apply in 1937?
What is the length of time of market exclusivity of an orphan drug?
Who actually achieved independence for the nation?
Who is the head of Fox's parent company?
Who did Frederick II promise to vote for in the imperial elections?
How far is the airport from downtown Charleston?
How many crimes in 18th century London could result in the death penalty?
What did Freddie Mercury die of?
"Where do the terms ""Middle Ages"" and ""Modern Ages"" originate from?"
Who was the area developer?
"Define ""lectio brevior"""
What is the name of one of the largest gardens in new Delhi?
How many seats are in the Provincial Assembly?
What are some of the empires and dynasties that ruled this lane?
"What French President said ""the plebiscite is done""?"
Who first used the term Serbo-Croatian in 1824?
How many million of tons went through Aghioi Theodoroi in 2010?
What mechanism cause the bombs to be released?
How long does it take for a chirigota to prepare their costume?
What is the aim of NARA in entering public-private partnerships?
What are traditional pub windows made out of?
How did smallpox cause the Inca Civil War?
How is the ECB held accountable for it's actions?
What were researchers in 2011 able to use as a successful attack vector?
What is the symbol of rowing in the city?
Who did downloaders want to help by avoiding studios and record companies?
How many years did the Late Jurassic cover?
Where was John Edwards a senator?
How old was Kanye's mother when she died?
Which former Miss America graduated from BYU?
What other practices do Buddhists adhere to?
"What is the literal meaning of ""healer?"""
What is 'gorg'?
What is pantheism?
How large is the Irish diaspora that was caused by the Great Irish Famine?
What element can be found in thyroid glands?
"Who coined the term ""genocide""?"
Who is the Chief Minister of Norfolk Island?
What western was inspired by 'Seven Samurai'?
In what ceremonial county is Southampton located?
According to the INSEE what is Paris Urban Area population?
What are the two most common types of transistor?
How could dogs have helped with sanitation issues in camps?
What hotel offers a trip to the famer's market to influence dinner?
Where was Milne Bay located in New Guinea?
The most well supported theory on the origins of the Ashkenazim is one that details a Jewish migration through which modern day country?
Who controls Wake Island?
The two inventors of the first practical diode were employed by what famous company?
What treatment did the milk that was fed to infants undergo to control bacterial disease?
IndyMac resisted efforts by regulators to tighten this criteria of their loans?
What did the abbey build on the west side?
How many soldiers did Charles initially lead against the French at the Battle of Aspern-Essling?
"Who wrote the bill with Tito about ""self management""?"
What was the dominant sacred musical form in the early 13th century?
Where do Egyptians working abroad work mainly?
What tool is used to push the trace layers in a multi-layer PCB together?
What adaptation of Arthurian romances took so many liberties with the source material that it could hardly be called a translation?
Who conquered parts of Mauretania?
What did powerful leaders of szlachta sought?
What is the traditional term for the President of the Confederation?
What was the resolution of the first HD video conferencing system?
What years did hunting decline?
"As better weapons are created, what systems continue to improve as well to counter them?"
What reason did David Quammen believe that On the Origin of Species was weakened in later editions?
This storyline takes place alternate from what storyline?
In what year did an incident help introduce added time?
By what means did the British govern Tuvalu?
What level of the football league does Plymouth Argyle F.C. operate in?
When did she and Jay Z become the highest paid black celebrity couple?
What other people worked with von Neumann on target selection?
What sort of machine did Bell and Gray both try to patent at the same time?
Where did Kerry receive his Silver Star?
What is the size requirement for entry into the AG2R Race?
When was the Observer Corps formed?
What does IRC stand for?
What university awarded Lee an honorary doctorate in 2006?
Who filled the judges spot vacated by Paula Abdul on season nine of American Idol?
What type of people did Kanye state had more power than Black people?
In what span did Universal produce westerns with Kirby Grant?
Where do bar-tailed godwits migrate from
What theory did Hermann Weyl study in addition to locally compact groups?
What year did Kinnock call for a general election?
Who was the only host of American Idol after season one?
Which court eunuch was associated with the papermaking process?
What limits the feral dog population in Russia?
Which European government contributed the least to the UNFPA in 2008?
Which processes simply alter the consent given by parties to a previously valid treaty rather than invalidating the consent completely?
What concept helps map and define people's experiences of self in society?
The Spanish crown wanted to turn the region into what type of industry?
What had Montini yet to become?
Which region experiences the worst droughts in the US?
What prolific composer and producer of musicals has been a major force in the West End theater district?
In what battle had the Fatah movement distinguished itself?
Do grooves on records touch when stacked?
Some schools venerate certain texts as religious what?
"A the economy and middle class expanded, what artistic profession had an increasing number of members?"
What are the origins of the word madrasa?
What regulates dielectric dispersion?
What year were Dell's PC profits shrinking?
When did Charles Taze Russell form a group?
What was Eisenhower's position on the use of nuclear weapons against Japan?
Where are the most famed Carnival festivities?
What are mass parties?
What concept was Frédéric credited with creating?
"If a site prevents Internet Archive from recording it, what file is still saved?"
By what area is the Art institute in Santa Monica?
When were Armenian churches built with center cupola cones?
ENIAC was constructed by whom?
What is the problem facing the job market in Thuringia?
Who thought the Luftwaffe could win?
"Aside from karyotype, what are other genomic traits studied by scientists?"
Whats the first year that Beyonce appear on the Time 100 list?
What colonies did the Netherlands possess?
What two inventors developed the first electrostatic motors?
Where are the most visited monuments located in Paris?
How much of Oklahoma is covered in forests?
Who was discontinued in the Commonwealth realms?
How many residents are there in Tucson as of 2010?
What is the largest section of mosaic still present in the Umayyad Mosque?
What are around 50-60% of the original size?
What was the name of the ship the Pitcairners traveled on to Norfolk Island?
To what does congress attempt to limit executive officials?
What does the large number of omissions  make the determinatives?
What is the death rate among chickens who are intensivley breed to be broilers?
What magazine compared Kanye to David Bowie?
In what year was a special edition of the iPod produced?
Who ultimately deserved credit for the discovery of Neptune?
What sportswear company formerly held a contract with the University of Kansas?
Which regions in the East receives the most amount of snowfall?
When was the treaty to regulate mining agreed upon?
What is the reason for crushing the glass and melting it again?
What position did Zubizareta have?
On what sort of basis does the Premier League sell its television rights?
What year did the Salvation Army show up on Saint Helenas?
Is USB cheaper or more expensive than PoE?
What new name did the Free Officers take?
What is a human universal?
Who remodeled Paris in the 19th century?
Who closed the government mint?
When did Homo sapiens begin using subsistence gathering?
The Principle Corridor has which type of doors?
What does not carry any decoration or insignia that can be worn on the person?
What was the importantance of the imperial Harem?
Where did Alexander's army finally mutiny?
What appears increase continually in the absence of natural selection?
What is the reduced Planck constant also known as?
Who brought litigation to South Africa?
What is the role of the Permanent Secretary?
What Nigerian state is trying to make Sharia law part of its constitution?
Are aluminum and glass considered to be environmentally friendly or environmentally harmful?
What city is Iran's capital?
What week was most popular to visit Lancashire's mill towns?
Which centuries are considered to be part of the Late Middle Ages?
What is NOT protected?
What does the AR in Marvel AR stand for?
What language does the Russian Orthodox Church use?
What causes electric trains to waste energy?
Name a city that the Greeks nested in ?
What is the name of the agreement that guarantee Burma's freedom from foreign rule ?
Can illegal pinning methods result in being disqualified?
What was Dorgon known as after death?
Who used Avicenna's work to help understand future political events?
The genome-wide genetic study carried out in 2010 by Behar et al. examined the genetic relationships among which Jewish groups?
Where did the festival in Barbados originate from?
What is the name of a publicly-available resource of KU related to community health?
How many recent Iraqi refugees are in Egypt?
Who was Queen Victoria's successor after her death?
Why did Armenia make Christianity its official religion?
To which reporter did Kanye West express regret for his remark about President Bush?
During what two months does the Christmas season take place?
How much land did the Congolese government agree to lease to South Africans in 2009?
When did the FIscus Judaicus relax to exclude Christians?
What religious tradition may be a problem for Alaskan Jews?
What are the effects of diverting the water from rivers?
Which writing systems have been used to write Sanskrit?
What does the ancient Greek word 'génos' mean?
When did the Xbox achieve 10 million units sold?
"What other ethnicities, besides German were part of The Empire?"
Among what age group in Samoa is hip hop and dance most popular?
Who did Bell go to see in 1875?
Who has defined a period of when the post-punk era was?
Who was compelled to write of this instance that was also an author of one of the book of the Bible ?
What are bounds volumes of comics called in America?
What FIFA ranking did Armenia hold in 2011?
What is a way for programmers to use the DBMS?
Who first standardized the earliest versions of the Quran?
How much money has been invested in Detroit in 2013-2014?
How did 19th century scholars view the Hellenistic period?
What years dictate the Baroque period?
What kind of bird did Aristotle and Pliny the Elder write about?
What are agreements between states and the federal government called within the United States?
"At the start of the war, which country did European public opinion champion?"
"Besides chief justice, how many other judges sit on Ireland's Supreme Court?"
What career path did Jon Savage take in life?
The lacquer doors in the Centre Room were brought from Brighton in which year?
What do Hydrogen detonation parameters depend on?
What feature of bitumen use in photography made it impractical?
What did mathematicians of the time want to use to set the date of Easter?
Who reported that Dell was offering to sell their manufacturing plants?
The Japanese puppet state that occupied Zhejiang was called what?
Which Grand Vizier attempted a siege of Vienna in 1683?
What did Gaddafi call Libya dissidents based outside the country?
What variety has there been in the materials of clothing throughout history?
Who invented the hydraulic crane in 1846?
What pigment color is natural to copper?
When were Greek festivals celebrated?
What movement focused on the idea that the sould must be freed from matter?
What popular soap opera has the BBC televised since 1985?
What is the profession of Gian Carlo Menotti?
"After the Spanish, who were the first Europeans to settle North Carolina?"
What is the world's largest wildlife refuge?
What style does 20th century classical music encompass?
Which Games does Armenia hold?
Queen and Adam Lambert played two shows where in July 2012?
About how many private radio stations does the region of Puntland have?
When did the inaugural TCM Classic Film Festival take place?
What sort of route does data follow?
What is the second-oldest university west of the MS River?
What was the capitol of Medri Bahri?
What latin word was used to describe the cross used?
What year did the French Revolution begin?
Which company added digital sound option when re-releasing movies?
How many words did Aavik put in his dictionary?
What event produced further adaptations during  the Jurassic and Cretaceous periods?
What was Kerry's paternal grandfather's career?
What treaty marked the end of the First Opium War?
How many countries adopted the Sustainable Development Goals?
What country did Edward Long and Charles White advocated the belief of polygenism in?
What famous tree species is believed to have evolved during the Mesozoic?
What unique dairy cheese is produced in the Swiss valleys of Gruyeres?
What did Blockbuster do instead of use copyrighted instruction booklets?
What acts were passed relating to the FBI after 9/11?
How does LaserDisc operation vary from DVD?
How many videos was youtube serving per day as of May 2010?
Film stars including Elizabeth Taylor visited what island residence of Tito?
When were two missionaries killed?
Who is chairman of Bank of America?
Which countries did most Estonians desire to flee to?
Canis latrans is what animal?
Who discovered the drug that was ultimately marketed as Lyrica?
The shadow banking system could not provide funds to mortgage firms and other corporations without the ability to obtain which funds?
In what year did American Idol begin a contest to decide the winners single?
What type of wood burns quickly and makes more smoke than hardwood?
For what system was the first Arena Football League video game released?
International Radio introduced which mass produced product from the city of Ann Arbor?
What is a tiered system?
What philosophy was named for Gamal Abdel Nasser?
Where did Barcelona defeat Real Madrid for a trophy win in 2005-06?
Who was Schwarzenegger's closest rival in the gubernatorial race of 2003?
What American University has a big campus in Mexico City?
How are officials elected to the legislature?
What is a chemical that can cause green hue in birds?
What regions remained part of the Soviet Union?
"In 2001, what organization conducted a survey of residents regarding London's fox population?"
What was the name of the civilian space agency created by Eisenhower?
What does she get credits for in her music?
What does love lead to according to English mystics?
What component was to blame for the weak bass of the 3rd generation iPod?
How many people read the Sunday issue of The Oklahoman?
What percentage of voters expressed dissatisfaction with their current political relationship?
What is the name of the stadium that the Hanover football team plays in?
The Big Bang model is solidly established in what?
Indentured servants were similar to what people in the early days?
"What two groups are bound by a ""Safe Harbor"" agreement?"
What did Peck's widow call Lee?
What rule is Brazil accused of practicing?
"Along with Miami Springs, where is the highest point of the Biscayne Aquifer?"
"Who wrote the book, Madonna and Me?"
How many individually packaged transistors are produced each year?
How were the special controllers connected to the NES?
What year was Bern occupied by French troops?
How long did her hiatus last?
Louis Binford's idea is popular among whom?
What could the displacement of ice cause?
In what century did the Romans arrive in Britain?
What is the common mammal group that gives birth to live young?
Where do the Red Wings play?
Who believes God isn't real?
Who arrived at the Marshall Islands in the second millennium BC?
What are the old Masonic document referred as?
Who followed Tony Blair as Prime Minister?
What is the oldest county in liberia?
What is contract law?
What did Apple's HyerCard and MultiFinder add to the Macintosh?
By what percentage did Liberia's GDP reduced by during the civil war?
Southern Italy and south-eastern Sicily were colonized by the Greeks in what century?
What was Dorgon known as after death?
What match has been played the most since the inception of the Premier League?
What is an example of a solar distillation design?
Who was Unicode developed in conjunction with?
Clinical hypnosis may be effective in doing what with pain associated with surgical procedures in adults and children?
How much organic cotton was produced worldwide in 2007?
How are the Santa Monica per-capita crime rates calculated?
What is it called when the census counts every person wherever they are the night of the census?
When did the rule of Constantine end?
Who was the first Dalai Lama to have political control over Tibet?
What is the extent of God's knowledge?
What is different about the use of Greek language today as opposed to the language of the past ?
How many ancient canons exist in the Western Church?
What natural substance was used in early road pavings?
What was Neptune before Pluto was discovered?
Which drum has a higher perceived pitch even though they both have indefinite pitch?
What year saw the expulsion of the French Jewish community?
What does Article Three give federal agencies?
What more local councils were set up?
Who is the Waa-Muu show primarily written and produced by?
Is it difficult to transfer recording from historic interest to newer technologies?
What amount of TEUs did Thessaloniki handle in 2010?
What is the name of the standard related to the materials used in solar water heaters?
How long are CDs expected to last?
What device did James Hargreaves invent?
What does the British-Irish Council do?
What does Darwin theorize about different species with regard to variety?
When did Greece join what is now the European Union?
What is is Kota known as within India?
In what year was The Night Cafe painted?
What is the name of the battery that was developed using copper in 248 BC?
How have the friar organizations contributed to the struggle in Burma?
What was the code name of the North African campaign?
What are Catalan and Valencian considered to be in the language?
"A segment of what road crosses portions of Third Avenue, Lexington, and Park and runs in East Harlem?"
How many Fortune 1000 companies are based in Oklahoma?
What score did Feyman receive on his math and physics entrance exams?
What place in Eritrea is believed to have played a major part in human evolution?
What athlete won Tuvalu's first gold metal in competition?
Where was an attempt made to take the torch?
What consequence of war were Parisians suffering?
Where were loud instruments best placed for good sound quality?
Who won the 1980 US Presidential Elections after President Carter's repeated failed attempts to resolve the US Iranian Embassy situation?
Who was the student of Nash that designed the ballroom wing?
What was the focus of the Gucci Chime for Change campaign?
What was the original name of the famous rifle manufacturing companies in New Haven?
When did GE announce an expansion of its business in Northern Ireland?
What advertisement was Beyoncé's skin supposedly lightened in?
"The technique in which with successive pair of film frames, one is held for three video fields, and the next is held for two, is called what?"
Proto-Slavic developed numerous lexical and morphophonological isoglosses with what languages?
What was the percentage of Turks in the Cyprus population?
What do Australian aborigines call a frigid night?
"What state's law mandated that executions occur in """"room or place enclosed from public view""?"
What is another name for flatworm?
"In addition to Polish and French, what other language has numerous biogrpahies of Chopin?"
What is the English translation of Medri Bahri?
Why did he believe those concepts were inaccurate?
Pepsi paid Beyonce how much in 2012 for her endorsement?
What did P2P file sharing services market themselves as?
What year did the foreign ministry hold an exhibit exploring the Nordic ties of Estonia?
How many troops did the Turks have when crossing the Cholok River?
Where is the FA cup held today?
What does ASI stand for?
By the end of what century was cotton grown in the Americas and Asia?
What is the name of the Royal Polytechnic Institution now?
who thought the great plains were the locations of Quivira and Cíbola?
What was governing the polish tribes?
What area of Mali did conflict arise in January of 2012?
Which group was predecessor to the Liberals?
Which segment of the British press often showed Napoleon as being much shorter than average?
What is Seattle's percentage of same sex households?
Who was the winner of American Idols sixth season?
How much was the NBC broadcasting deal with the Premier League worth in 2015?
In what year was the first Aboriginal Senator elected?
Where is Dushanbe located?
What name did de Peyster give the Tuvalu islands?
The principle of absolute monarchy of which group was at odds with those following the Enlightenment?
Where was support found for Greek philosophy?
What revived style dominated English country house architecture?
What is the largest residential college?
In what battle did Marcus Licinius Crassus die?
What did Cork Campus Radio change to?
What was the name of the film that Gwyneth Paltrow starred in as a musician?
What is the name of the largest mosaics in Italy?
What word that means human relationships is at the core of Samoa's culture?
When can tropical storms and hurricanes threaten Boston?
When did the Nazi Party seize power?
In what type of decorative blind arcading are pointed arches common?
How can one find the amount of collector current?
What positive visual component can knots sometimes add to decorative pieces?
"If the grid circuit voltage is increased beyond its regular bias setting, what can happen to the conductive plates in power amplifiers?"
What are the average temperatures for summer?
"After the division from Australia, what began to appear?"
During which month in 1862 did Union forces capture Memphis?
What are hall churches in German cathedrals known as?
When was the second time Nintendo test marketed the NES?
What country did the CIA believe Reagan should attack instead of Libya?
What did the architects of the calendar notice about the astronomical tables?
What was the standard weapon until the 1950s?
Who sent the first known letter from North America?
In what region was the Amritsar Massacre?
Where does Eugen Buss work?
Who was Alberts father?
What induces a feedpoint to antennas nearby?
Who wrote the biography of Whitehead?
What when conference do the Notre Dame fencing teams take part in?
What does the AAPF believe the foundation for the class based argument is?
What is one subject that Ibn SIna specialized in?
When was the University of the Republic founded?
What Bermuda sport team participated in the 2007 world cup?
How much money in cents does New York City receive for every dollar paid in federal taxes?
What other language has a telicity contrast?
How has L.A. Reid described her?
Where did the mountains undergo serve erosion?
Who handles fires in Southampton?
What country handed over Puerto Rico to the US?
Who has set honours awarded by the President of India?
Would those in favor of DST argue that it causes people to use more electricity or saves energy?
What museum is in Western Tucson?
"Along with locals and tourists, who eats at Kathmandu's restaurants?"
Where is Time Warner Cable Arena?
What material was the Red Wing's frame made of?
The brain reaches 90% of its adult size by the time a person reaches what year of age?
What percentage of poultry is tainted with Staphylococcus bacteria?
What were the two scales defined as?
Where is the first known use of 'samurai'?
Who sang chopin arrangements on July 7 of the year Chopin was in London?
How many slaves were imported by Brazil?
What was the last international competition Egypt hosted?
What word roots in the 19th century were rejected in favor of words with more common Slavic roots?
What type of coupon does the city provide the poor
"After the design of IAS, who built the computer?"
Under the development of agile software and extreme programing what is written first?
"In the Bermuda land mass, how many bays are named ""Horseshoe Bay""?"
How many people of The Black Legion were convicted of crimes?
"In Australia, what percentage of passerine birds were partially migratory"
Who directed the first nude scene in Greek film history?
When did MGM give Warner Home Video the rights to MGM/UA's films on home video?
How many million tons of goods did port Eleusis transport in 2010?
What variation of house music was produced by artists such as Madonna and Kylie Minogue?
What must a species do in order to be classified as a predator?
"What were two of Marvel's comic heroes in fantasy, swords and magic settings?"
What happened to many of the structures developed for the World Fairs?
Who played the drums and the mandolin in the group called The Band?
What policy could not be abandoned in 1964?
In 1925 the first meeting of this group occurred.
Which school of medicine was based on strict observation?
What method did Chomsky use to develop generative linguistics?
The formation of sea routes bypassing the Middle East may have led to the decline of what?
In what harbor is the Port of New Haven located?
What did Kant say time and space allow one to do?
What was one of the important roles submarine played in the war?
What did the fans used to be called?
Who commanded the French troops on November 22?
What is the ratio of black and Asian schoolchildren to white schoolchildren?
What famous encyclopedia contains a Russian back-transliteration of Estonian?
What do the French call snack restaurants besides les snacks?
What businesses were the dominant brewers of beer in England by the close of the 17th century?
Each party must have done what in order for the treaty to come into effect?
"When attendance dropped to the Football League First Division, what else decreased?"
When did Mstislav die?
How many male workers were present in Plymouth Dock circa 1712?
What symbol is popular in Marian Art?
Cultural life in Utrecht is second to
What philosopher in history argued for a three-part soul?
What philosphers' writings are becoming required reading for graduate students in China?
Who was the oldest man to become President prior to Eisenhower?
"When did the term ""Hispanic"" begin being used?"
Who was the most successful American Idol winner on radio as of 2010?
What does genome size have a direct relationship with in prokaryotes and lower eukaryotes?
When did the  the Saar Protectorate rejoin the republic?
What do these authors use in the form of proof for credit given to the other religion  ?
How much did the console sell for bundled with just the Super Mario Bros. game?
"Which magazine publication carried a statement from the Human Development Report Office in January, 2011?"
"In 1990, the Colombia Point Health Center was renamed what?"
When was the Slave Trade Act enacted?
What city was left vulnerable by North Korea's quick retreat?
What is included in the first part of the critical apparatus?
What positive things can happen to your brain when you excersise?
The Asian Games were most recently held in New Delhi in what year?
What kind of demands were causing ruin to The Times in 1979?
Where was 'Lincoln' filmed?
What are iconic monumuents of Egypt?
In what year did American Idol first air its eleventh season?
"Besides economic troubles, what else could push a people into foraging?"
What percentage of the 25-34 Cyprus population has tertiary education?
Are Greenland's glacial earthquakes increasing or decreasing as time goes on?
What makes a copy of an original idea infringing?
"What role does zinc play in fingers, twists and clusters?"
When did season 12 premiere?
Which Queen tried and failed to raise the hemline of her dress after WWI?
What features are emphasized in adult contemporary R&B music?
"Prior to the 1954 elections, who had majorities in Congress?"
During what periods did the Sumerican city-states rise to power?
What are Jehovah witnesses best known for?
What is the Knesset?
Which two candidates had surprising results despite Howard Dean being the strong front-runner?
When did gag single-panel illustrations become known as cartoons?
"If a scientist didn't want to use an acid-fast staining technique, what type of microscopy could they use instead?"
The continuous back and forth regarding the decisions on patents was referred to as what?
What was the last crisis during cold war to escalate world powers?
How is the climate in St. John's?
What was the name of Columbia University's alumni association?
Who partnered with Universal in the creation of Cinema International Corporation?
Who was one of the earliest psychologists to take an explicit interest in identity?
What was thought to be the plan of Hannibal and the emperor of Seleucid?
What is the largest amusement park in Latin America?
Who discovered Hydrogen gas?
What did Laird refuse to court-martial Kerry for?
How many soldiers were available to Rome at the start of the Second Punic War?
What was needed to successfully play the newer released 79 rpm vinyl?
Who was the Chief of Defence Materiel in 2009?
Who agreed upon the 16:9 aspect ratio?
What type of signal do immunoassays produce?
Who first established the Volta Prize?
What rotation can a rotation be reversed by?
"In Old English, noun endings vary on what basis?"
What percentage of Estonian Russians have though of going back to Russia?
What are some of the authorized head dresses for the CAF?
Who elected consuls in the Roman government?
In 1940 a German prisoner overheard boasting that the British would never find what system?
When did Imperial announce their science park program at the Wye Campus?
What hapend to the Florida congressional map in 2015
What did the brother of John Zahm construct at Notre Dame?
On what day did Darlan die?
How many industry models are followed for the production process of poultry?
What did Saadia Marciano do with the Israeli Black Panthers?
What was suspended for the duration of the mourning period?
By what percentage has viewership in the US risen from 2012 to 2015?
What Indian thinkers were early idealists?
Who succeeded in liberating territory despite conflicts?
What is a type of video format?
The new venues and modes of communication allowing for rational exchange were given what term by Habermas in 18th century Europe?
What started competition between families for wealth?
How many viewers did the largest rock star benefit concert attract?
Who can permit a person to hunt wild animals?
What is the highest object of meditation?
Why is the name the British Isles disputed in Ireland?
How many extra letters does the Croatian Latin alphabet have?
Magnates recieved gifts often from who?
When was the airport expected to be fully functional?
How high were the buildings in the Mature Indus ?
Where did the Chinese government decide that parents who had lost children could go for free treatment?
Which structure in the church became a historical monument?
When did individuals self-identify as belonging to a particular ethnic group?
Where is Topshop located?
What is another phrase meaning hidden feature?
What created Serbia?
What has happened to the local dialects in the French speaking regions?
Activity trackers are an example of what?
How long ago does the evidence show moths and insects to have been indigenous?
How many geographic regions make up Greece?
What organization was Broca in the process of disentangling himself from?
What is commonly used in Taiwan?
"Along with West Hoe and Radford, where was Middle Devonian limestone quarried in the region?"
What is the number range of living bird species?
What day was the first victory the RAF had with airborne radar?
What clubs competed in the match?
Continued fighting transpired between the Armenians and Soviets in which city?
How does peristalsis work?
How tall are the mountains in Nova Scotia?
What does the Spanish ibex eat?
How many Billboard hits did American Idol produce in its first ten years?
What was bolstered by the the final downward spiral of the Empire of Trebizond ?
What entity did Bronck get his land from?
What are labs trying to produce hydrogen from?
What official position did the Vatican take on the subject of evolution in 1950?
"Along with Bari, what was a notable new pilgrimage site in this era?"
What group with the initials SATVI is researching TB vaccines?
When did the second ruler of North Korea pass away?
Who was the actual party that requested the critical sites be taken down?
The atomic bomb was a part of which movement?
Where did Chopin head to during the Revolution of 1848?
What was the name of the manifesto that Rabbi Jacob Ettlinger produced?
What occurred in February of 2016?
Who may impeach the president?
Who put together a good season for the Cubs in 2001?
Who was influenced by Western European and Islamic tendencies?
What has recently led to a resurgence in the Chamorros culture and preservation of their old ways?
"What is another term for ""bigface"" notes?"
Which programme was mentioned as being underfunded?
Often regular everyday craftsman were most likely what?
The idea of text in cultural studies can include what forms other than written language?
Who wrote that Moses had lost the Moses in himself along the way to his encounter with God?
What type of people got wealthy from the sale of state-owned companies?
What type of values did the OSCE determine were adhered to during the election process?
When did the sale of Weather Company assets close?
The Abbasid army replaced Iranian and Arabic men with Turkic tribesmen as what element in their army?
What individual became more powerful during the late Republic?
What chemicals may mediate emotions?
What will drying often increase in wood?
Who distributes electricity in Plymouth?
How long did Yuri Gagarin orbit the earth in the spacecraft?
Name one of the individuals considered the founding fathers of modern Cypriot art.
Which Atlantic City neighborhood became particularly impoverished in the mid-to-late 20th century?
In which Federalist paper did James Madison state that the legislative branch of government was predominate?
What occurs when someone uses a trademark that is identical or confusingly similar to a trademark owned by someone else?
How many art galleries are in Mexico City?
Who was the first recorded coronation at the Abbey?
When did Joan Hassall redesign the Royal Institute's medal?
What album did the Spanish songs come from?
When was San Diego's current charter adopted?
How high did the 1992 Bohemian Rhapsody chart?
What does it take a person to be able to do?
In what year was The Nature of Existence published?
How many people were injured in Beichuan County?
A sequence of events used to describe a sequential path can be referred to as what?
Who heads an office or division?
During which movement were the first scientific and literary journals established?
What was Menander I refered to by in Buddhist texts?
What year was South Tuscon reincorperated?
What was the answer given when the Buddha was asked if the body is the same as the self?
What political movment was red identified with in the 1950s?
A Universal Machine is known as what today?
The legal meaning of genocide is contained in which international treaty?
John XXIII continued the gradual reform of what?
Haredi and Chassidic communities are threatened by assimilation and intermarriage so they do not do what with non-orthodox populaions?
Why is lime often added to glass?
What company produces more coffee than any other in Samoa?
Which company produced the Aroctor 1254 and Aroctor 1260?
What causes this to be exacerbated?
How many troops did Frederick have left?
Rebetiko was the base of what?
In addition to providing for the needs of travelers what was another typical use for an inn?
What have become more rare?
During what span of time did the Pala Empire thrive?
Who returned as prime minister when Disraeli lost the general election in 1880?
What was the general opinion about transmutation of species in the 19th century?
What occurred in the United Nations general convening in 2006 ?
When was the first Czechoslovak Republic?
When was the torch relay event held in Macao?
What nation is to the east of Swaziland?
How much did the early LEDs cost?
How much money does the University of Houston attract to Houston a year?
What are three properties of hydrogen at normal temperature and normal pressure?
What do critics have to say about this payment?
What did the international acts do?
When is the device assigned a unique 7-bit address?
"Who was the author of the book, ""Survivals of Roman Religion?"""
What teaching were criticized by Nagarjuna?
Why did Hitler feel the Luftwaffe was unsuccessful in bombing raids?
What specifically how does Louis' Lunch cooks its' food?
During what time period do some scientist believe the first human could have contracted TB from an ancestor they shared with animals?
What steet did Chopin stay on in London?
What were some of Egypt's foreign influences?
What does the phrase protest?
Who announced on August 22nd they were leaving the Cubs prematurely?
"As measured in 2010, how many deaths occurred for every 100,000 live births in the Congo?"
"Before new research, what was the definition of federalism?"
What was the U.S. unemployment rate in October 2009?
How many liberians died in the civil war?
"Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, and the United States are part of what international forum?"
The Ming Dynasty granted what titles to lamas of schools?
"Where did Messi, Iniesta and Xavi learn their football in Barcelona?"
When did Gorbachev resign?
What was the first final score recorded of a Canadian football game?
In what area was the Klondike Gold Rush located?
Polyphonic music included more complex voicing of what?
"In the US, the style during this time of Neoclassical Empire was known as what?"
"What is a fine, tightly twisted type of cotton fabric?"
UK aid had risen to how much in the same period?
What is the altitude of the Compass-M1 satellite?
Who ruled after Guangxu?
What is the average annual precipitation along San Diego's coast?
"What are gender identity, ethnic identity, and occupational identity aspects of?"
What was used in final recordings of vinyl records?
What does each greater level of assembly have?
"What did the three regions of Uri, Schwyz, and Unterwalden become known as?"
How is hot water referred to by brewers?
What month was the hottest ever recorded?
What objects do musicians have to have in order to play woodwind instruments?
What is the name of the book written by Anton Hansen Tammsaare?
What other name does the North Carolina Road share with Daniel Boone's passage through the Cumberland Gap?
What types of scenes does Hyderabad style painting generally contain?
How many parts did the Gregorian calendar reform have?
In what year was Tito inaugurated as president?
What kind of political system has existed in Congo-Brazzaville since the '90s?
Where is the main Yale campus?
Why is Beyoncé known as the centerpiece of Destiny's Child?
What expedition found nine meteorites in 1969?
What farmers use integrated pest management strategies?
Who wrote the music for Spectre?
What was the main source of income for Islam Karimov?
The polish anem and cry ritualized what?
On what geographic feature was KU built?
In what Fitzgerald classic does the fictional protagonist make repeated references to New Haven?
How accountable is Interpol?
Where did Columbus believe he had arrived?
When did Moody's and Standard & Poor downgrade a significant number of IndyMac's MBS bonds?
Newer systems know where and how many people are at a location for what reasons?
Who manages the water storage and supply for Melbourne?
Which Alaskan way of transport is more for sport than for transportation?
Why are annelid fossils rare?
What is known as the 5' end?
What 3 areas can summarize the great power determination?
Which character tortures Bond?
How many instances has Estonia appeared in the EuroBasket tournament?
How did mexican nobles spend money in Mexico City?
What varieties of Chinese do the largest Han subgroup speak?
Which group do marsupials and placentals belong to?
How many racial categories would be needed with all the possible combinations of outward features?
"Who wrote the bill with Tito about ""self management""?"
Who was responsible for the death of Clodius?
What other groups does the FBI Academy train?
What was the first place in North America with a Carnival tradition?
What percentage of the US population is comprised of Ashkenazi Jews?
"What is the legal name of the ""Stupid Motorist Law""?"
What did they collect to use in this method?
What organization do both Djibouti and Somalia belong to?
What sentiment persists even though racial and colonial definitions of the Middle East are no longer ideologically sound?
What are bhattis?
What sort of circuit are plastic capacitors especially useful for?
When was Madonna awarded the accolade?
What do people think about giant killers?
Certain dogs are bred to help fishermen with what?
What institutions are not subject to the same regulations as commercial banks?
What year was Koch awarded a Nobel Prize?
"Why did Eisenhower need surgery on June 9, 1956?"
"In sponges, how do blastula develop into a new sponge?"
How many Americans died in the Pearl Harbor attacks?
Chinese troops attacked the UN forces when they crossed what river?
When may sunlight be stored as gravitational potential energy?
What type of radiation was Planck studying in the late 19th century?
How is the entire name usually presented in scientific texts?
What does the sensor usually determine?
Which two parameters can be dropped if its value is implied from context?
What is the name of the smaller airport near Mexico City?
The most differences between Czech and Slovak can be found in colloquial vocabulary as well as what?
What is subject to a space-time complexity trade off?
When did North Korea call an end to the armistice?
What is the title of the leader of Greece?
Who was the Mayor of Detroit in 2011?
Who funded non-official religious cults?
How many millimeters of rain fall on Miami annually?
How can a researcher study a childs memory?
What year was the first feature film made in Guinea-Bissau?
By what century had almost all churches begun celebrating Easter according to the Alexandrian Easter?
What type of school has Tuvalu set up on each atoll?
What had happened to Frederick's financial help from Britain?
Who believed that the Ming court had full sovereignty over Tibet?
Houston ranked 3rd in which category by Forbes magazine in 2006?
What is the principal alternative to electric railways?
How does heterotrophic carbon metabolism occur?
What is paperfoam primarily made of?
"Besides new cotton fibers, what type of fibers can be used to make cotton products?"
Who was the head of the Swiss central command during World War II?
What type of wine comprises a small majority of wine produced in Switzerland?
RAM cache memory is slower than what?
"Before the use of the cotton gin, how was cotton separated?"
Which political party holds the majority of most office terms in NYC?
What was the main cause of the spread of Shtokavian?
In what year was United World Pictures founded?
When were nociceptors discovered?
Who advised against the Duke becoming the Governor General of Canada?
When was the Doha Declaration adopted?
Various research traditions are using what lens to examine phenomena?
What names were used in the Anglo-Dutch Treaty of 1814?
Which World Cup did Brasilia host?
With which crowd did the 45 rpm gain popularity?
How much of the world's population did the British Empire rule in 1922?
What variables help the photographer produce the desired effect?
Who announced this would be his final year as a judge?
Who was a Sichuan school teacher?
What technology helped the downfall of samurai?
What is it called when the owner of a pub allows patrons to remain when the pub should have closed?
Who was eliminated in the Top 4 show?
Why did the Russians strip their warships of their guns?
What did Lebanese pro-Nasser groups want?
Does vinyl record maintain any popularity?
Who was the fortune hunter engaged to Sand's daughter?
When did Kerry and his wife divorce?
"Along with slaves, who was sent to work in cinnabar mines in Rome?"
Who married Stratonice?
"What periodical called Richmond ""The Next Great American Food City""?"
"Under the guidance of Generals Van Fleet and Ridgway, joint forces were able to achieve what goal?"
What is the literacy rate of Hyderabad?
Why were 45s more popular with jukeboxes?
What sort of DNA repair is created by modern genetic engineering techniques?
What was used in the construction of modern aircraft?
Which pramanas is understanding of experts?
Before which year were the Sana'a manuscripts produced?
How old was Bell when he went to Canada?
Who were extreme empiricists?
What is the definition of Command and Control in the Air Force operations?
What is usually removed in female dogs to prevent pregnancy?
Who duplicated Alcock and Brown flight in 2005?
"What does ""nihil in intellectu nisi prius fuerit in sensu"" mean?"
Was is guaranteed that a first born son would receive all of the family's fortune?
What was presented at the ELEXCON fair in 2009?
Which society organized The Great Exhibition?
Why did Kim's war plan need revising?
When did China begin constructing the third BeiDou system?
When was Nanjing re-established as the capital of the Republic of China?
Where is eating insects considered taboo?
Who opened the first Lodge in Iraq?
How often do temperatures on the coastal plain of NC drop below freezing at night?
What English born architect designed the Old Montreal Custom House?
What kind of government is in operation in the United Kingdom?
"What against did Metzinger and Gleizes write Du ""Cubsime""?"
What does the Constitution establish of all Eritrean languages?
What country underwent a political coup that made it part of the Third Reich?
How many people were killed in the Cairo riots?
Who was the mayor for the city in the late 90s?
"Between 1939 and 1949, how many military officers and personnel were trained on the Evanston and Chicago campuses?"
Who cast the abbey bells?
"When the congregation issues a call for service by a pastor, who has to ratify it?"
What is the benefit of this formation type?
What are the most common type of housing outside inner city Melbourne?
Where can you find enzymes with a zinc atom in the reactive center?
During what dynasty was Nanjing the biggest business center in all of East Asia?
What are some non-regulation actions that critical habitats encourage?
How many Anglo-Dutch Wars were there in the 17th century?
What other Indian states does it sell hydroelectricity to?
Corruption aids what as far as the environment is concerned?
What did the magazines catering to post-punk interest do to alienate their readers?
When did the Israeli air force destroy Iraq's sole nuclear reactor?
How did the war impact the Russian population?
How many genes were associated with asthma by the end of 2005?
What school of Yale is located nearest the intersection of Prospect and Sachem streets?
Who first patented a method to produce high-brightness blue LEDs?
Who formed the new French Army of Chalons?
Who used Codd's paper at Berkeley to improve a geographical database?
When was the reign of sultan Mehmed VI?
What was the clause against establishment of religion by law intended to erect?
What types of livestock products does Portugal produce?
What was the name of the land purchased by BYU in 1904?
What form does Temperley feel that Chopin's ballades and scherzos are based on?
How did Kiplinger's Personal Finance Best Cities rate Houston?
On what type of transportation system has Seattle begun to focus?
"Regardless of beliefs, Christians all agree that Jesus has a unique what?"
What does Montana's motto mean?
How many matches does each team play?
When was a second round announced?
"*Slověninъ, plural *Slověne, is the Slavic autonym reconstructed in what?"
What magnet school in New Haven is centered around arts education?
Who organized a free concert by Queen in 1976?
What is a defensive way that mimicry can be used?
What is the smallest data capacity for an iPod product?
When did the Hospital Vilardebo open?
In what year did Orange Street receive the first bike lane in New Haven?
When did individuals self-identify as belonging to a particular ethnic group?
Where did Athanasius during his latest exile?
"Because of the construction of their shoulder bones, what were the enantiornithes called?"
"Who stated that ""All politics reduces itself to this formula: try to be one of three, as long as the world is governed by the unstable equilibrium of five great powers.?"""
The deficit can cause an earthquake of what magnitude to occur?
In what year did the Altay Sports Club form?
During which seasons are Melbourne's temperature differentials most pronounced?
What's the name of the landmark on Commercial Road where remains of the friars' water system can be seen?
What was the world's first carrier capable of launching and recovering naval aircraft?
Where is Ridge Bond from?
When did The Mamas make their debut?
How did The Sun feel about the Poll tax?
What part of Manhattan are the West Bronx's streets similar to?
What caused the death of Emperor Auranzeb?
What war led to the increased popularity of institutes of technology and polytechnics?
"Assyria, Chaldea, Mesopotamia, Persia, Armenia, Egypt, Arabia, Syria, Palestine, Ethiopia, Caucasus, Libya, Anatolia, and Abyssinia were all what?"
Did Mendelssohn and Spinoza judge religion on its moral fruits or logic of its theology??
Which group looks over elections in Swaziland?
What can be coded to films to find the source of illegal copies?
In which battle did Pelayos defeat the Moors?
"Are puns, proverbs, metaphors, and analogies lower-order or higher-order logic?"
"Why did some argue that ""black"" was the better term?"
Where was 'Lincoln' filmed?
What typically follows the signatures in a treaty?
What sort of issues were Zenlenyi Svit and Noosfera concerned with?
What is the name of the a capella group that was a parody of The Whiffenpoofs?
What is the other definition of the term dialect?
"Between 1939 and 1949, how many military officers and personnel were trained on the Evanston and Chicago campuses?"
When did Leochares make The Apollo Belvedere?
Who led the Union of the Right?
Who founded what came to be known Hyderabad?
What different options did the desktop version have?
What was Jonathan Sterne's profession?
What does using natural illumination instead of artificial lighting help with?
In what year was AFL Global created?
What caused Eisenhower's stroke of 1957?
"What does the ""Fourth of June"" celebrate?"
Why weren't swaps registered as debts by Eurostat at the time?
When was Basel II adopted?
What was the date of the relay in the United States?
"When did Destiny's Child release its album ""Love Songs""?"
What event decreased the CIA's training budget?
By who was the first record of solar distillation done by?
Why were there more immigrants in the US?
What did Kanye demand from Jimmy Kimmel in regards to the sketch?
What type of exhibition game showcases the best players?
Who supported the ban against government aid to religious schools before 1970?
What was the main government entity that ran the territories like Tibet?
Where did the Neolithic culture begin?
When was Napoleon crowned King of Italy?
What was the length of a term that a king would be elected for in the Roman Kingdom?
On October 14 how many German bombers attacked?
What is used as a template to generate a complementary mRNA?
What is the state well known for?
Where were Monastic communities allowed to celebrate Mass in private?
Who describes an experiment with swallows?
In what year was the slang term from a title of a Destiny's Child song that is also used to describe Beyoncé put in the dictionary?
What despcription was assigned to minority leader in part?
During what word event did the Holocaust happen?
How did The Sun feel about the American bombing of Libya in 1986?
What state were the Seminoles moved to?
What practice was desired through connecting religion and schools?
What seperates Tajikistan and Pakistan?
What is high among dialects?
How many colors were 45s available in when first released?
What devices are often equipped with infrared blockers?
The first Europen immigrants arrival changed what in Boston?
What is the name of the well known hospital specializes in young children patients?
What comes before state and territorial laws in the 50 U.S states?
What was the first bowl game Northwestern appeared in after 1949?
How many terminals do BJTs have?
Where did Arabic numerals originate?
What special status did Bell get in the Mohawk tribe?
How many tiers  does somerset county consist of
Who were a non-Semitic caucasoid people?
What is produced when copper compounds are treated with organolithium reagents?
What grade did Yale get on their Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2008?
What is the population of Salvadorans living in America?
How do the US and Africa rank as exporters of cotton?
What store did the Dayton-Hudson Corporation purchase in 1978?
What is one way to help minimize capacitor dangers?
When did the UN Security Council recommend that the Marshall Islands be allowed to join the UN?
What is God in theism?
How many pieces can be found in the Yerevan National Art Gallery?
Who planned Lafayette Park?
Which political philosophy does Greece follow?
What weapon does North Korea claim it now has the ability to use?
What did Seoul Semiconductor name their ac powered HP-LED?
What uses a model of the sound's generator?
What did the state council set up in 2008?
The India Gate commemorates how many soldiers of past wars?
In what year did Germany become a republic?
Where in Central Park are performances offered at no cost?
Who created Brick?
"Other than trade, what was the traditional basis of Kathmandu's economy?"
How many members are in the Presbyterian Church of Brazil?
What years did the Rinpungpa regime start and end?
The gradual spread of Buddhism exposed it to a variety of influences including what civilization?
Is Myanmar convenient to other countries in South East Asia ?
What is the effigy of Viscount Nelson wearing?
What did OMB hope to provide with their revision on race and ethnicity in 1997?
Could the London market support the large numbers of writers that were emerging?
What did the joint proposal provide?
What future awaited the first grandson of Queen Victoria?
When did Balfour last hold the titles of prime minister and Chancellor of the Exchequer?
"What Proto-Indo-European term means ""skillful assembler?"""
Children were taught to memorize facts through methods that originated during which time period?
How are Jehovah Witnesses assigned to congregations?
What was the administration that the empire used to control its debt called?
What did the sisters do instead of apostolic work?
In what year did Pope Sixtus V put a cap on the number of cardinals in the College of Cardinals?
What are the Appalachian mountains called in French?
What can alcohol and certain antibiotics cause?
What protein carries the majority of copper in blood?
Which city in Sichuan is known for its metallurgical industries?
In what year was the film Airport made?
How long did the Timurid empire last in Iran?
What was the former 10-year moratorium on the construction of nuclear plants the result of?
Who was Executive Director or Under-Secretary General from 1969 to 1987?
Where were the nails placed?
How did Microsoft describe Kinect?
When did parts of Armenia under Iranian control become part of Russia?
Great Smoky mountain and Blue Ridge Parkway are located in what mountain range?
What is the rating for the hardness of Hyderabad's water?
What was focused in March?
In what year did The Catholic church begin diplomatic relations with the Methodist church?
What parties is the color green for?
What percentage of Valencia's workers are employed in the agricultural sector?
What percentage of the Congo's gross domestic product did petroleum account for in 2008?
Glial cells are also referred to as what?
Only women compete in rhythmic gymnastics according to what rules?
What is another term for language varieties?
What does the acronym EPA stand for?
Where was the new title of Empress of India proclaimed?
"When the civil war began, many telecomunications companies were created to provide missing what?"
In what era did the Protestant Reformation occur?
Antagonistic or antipathetic symbiosis are alternate names for what?
The ancient buddhist site  in the lower Krsna Valley can be traced to at least what century BCE?
What author wrote of disaster prodigies?
What is Susan Prager communication director of?
Who was the first human in space?
How much of the Gordie Howe International Bridge is Canada going to pay for?
Where does the fungus Geotrichum candidum originate from?
By what percentage did available jobs increase in Southampton between 1995 and 2004?
Where is the Midwest Regional Medical Center?
Slavic mercenaries settled where?
"Outside Europe, Napoleonic Code has been used as the basis for certain parts of what?"
What numbers are used in Binary information coding?
What kind of hospital is Seattle Children's?
Who currently owns the  Chicago Cubs?
When did the People's Republic of China take control of Mainland China?
Napoleon's successful coup against the directory resulted in the closure of what organization?
"Of all the countries in South America, which provided the most legal immigrants in 2013?"
To what are these morphological changes similar?
"When democracy began in Spain, what did the kingdom of Valencia become?"
When mamals appeared they remained small until what period?
At what landmark did the funeral procession begin?
In what branch is the ability to try legal cases placed?
What did the location of the SE's expansion slot potentially expose an upgrader to?
What ethnicity was his mother?
what was cajmere's alternate name?
What wind speed will the torch flame still stay lit in MPH?
What have some indigenous peoples managed to remain in relative isolation from?
When did Diodorus Siculus write Bibliotheca historica?
How many bank branches were in the Bronx by 2007?
What was the percentage of GM cotton planted in India in 2011?
Which areas in Antartica are considered polar deserts?
Who was responsible for first isolating uranium?
What prevented BBC2 from broadcasting on its scheduled launch date?
IBM has how many members on its Board of Directors?
What does J.C.B. stand for?
"What did Poland contribute to the ""Coalition of the Willing""?"
How did Gaddafi view the elite?
The inclination of the roof cannot exceed how much?
What year was Jeremy Corbyn elected?
Under which Field Marshall were the combined German forces commanded?
What is the central figure doing in the mosaic found in 1966?
What model of ownership is commonly used in American professional sports?
How many grains of silver did the Mint Act define the dollar as?
Between what years did Portugal establish a colonial and commercial empire?
What effect does digivolution have on digimon?
What percentage of the population was born outside the United States?
What are most decoders?
What fraction of the size of an NFL football field is an arena football field?
What must a prosecuter show after the basic elements of infringement?
Napoleon rejected Polish demands for an independent state because of prior promises to which ally?
When was Henry Nelson Wieman invited to the Chicago Divinity school?
What are some examples of audio formats supported by the iPod?
"Every state, other than the free states, consist of districts called what?"
What type of veil must the sisters wear?
What company purchased Horne's in 1972?
What does Pirie claim conservatives want for the free market?
What did Spain build to protect their fleet at Guam?
Which two fields of study are associated with immunology?
What religion were these Fathers of the Church?
What two activities did Frédéric do while visiting for a day in Düsseldorf with Mendelssohn and Hiller?
"To compare qualities, sound files are evaluated on a scale that ranges from 1 to what?"
What was a primary cause of the modification of Roman architectural elements?
"Seditious material distributed by Napoleon's followers often displayed the tricolor, and what other design?"
Where is sea surface temperature the highest?
Knibb also protagonised the creation of what?
Who did the Tories oppose?
What is Nigerian Pidgin English often called?
"Besides the thermomechanical process, what is a process used in pulping?"
How many stars did Mark Kermode of the Guardian aware Spectre prior to its release?
Name the 8 peopl who began the movement
What script variant was used to write the Sanskrit language?
Which monk presided after the death of the Buddha?
Why are patents criticized?
What is the preferential term for those in Burma that are not a part of the racial majority ?
How many passengers will the new airport be able to handle?
What is the English name for the book Hayek published in 1929?
What part of the system was Sony having trouble getting supplies for?
What was the area previously named?
What is diagnosis based on typically?
"In the Orthodox church, what types of icons are allowed to be venerated and prayed before?"
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Charleston oversees what kind of schools?
Where is one place where one of the inland forts can be found?
What type of shell did the Krupp weapon fire?
"Along with Mumford & Sons, Of Monsters & Men, Ed Sheeran and The Lumineers, what indie artist has had adult contemporary success?"
When was Liverpool and Manchester removed from Lancashire boundaries?
The King and Clement XII condemned which literary work?
What instrument can you use to examine the microstructure of the brain?
"What type of art did Courbet, Manet, Monet and Renoir create?"
On what date was the expiration of Foster's patent?
What is the rank of Egypt popultaion among African nations?
Who as the last man to be eliminated?
What type of land did the slaves live on?
What can save storage space?
What year will the game release a high-definition port for the Wii U console?
What sort of feature is created by the use of vertical elements in gallery and window tracery?
Where was the formation of the Liberal party officially announced?
What states formed Berlin in 1990?
"When established in 1928, which airport served as the base of the Delhi Flying Club?"
What happens in a fatal four-way?
What were native peoples able to maintain a minimum amount of through treaties?
What high school did Eisenhower go to?
"In the fall of 2014, which school did 14.3% of undergraduates enroll in?"
Who acted as protector to Martin Luther when he was under the ban of the Empire?
How detailed is the description of Jesus' death?
What happens to temporary records at the WNRC if they are not retrieved by the end of the retention times?
When did a protest in Delhi occur to protest against Chinese repression in Tibet?
Who led Mexico City?
Where did early anthropology originate?
what about the FA Cup winner?
Most of the art since the Aztecs took what style?
What institute of technology opened in Bursa in 2010?
"What is a social concept, not a scientific one?"
"Where was the earliest church labeled ""Baptist"" traced to?"
Who wrote The City of God?
What did Hoover call MLK?
What is the capital of the state of Washington?
What is the largest dam ever built in the world?
How does Samkhya view the universe?
What is something that Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots do not have in common?
When did Burke's ancestors arrive in Ireland?
Who imposed the rigorous policy of Germanisation?
What land was included in the kingdom of Shu?
"Who began spring training in Hot Springs, Arkansas in 1886?"
What was one of the first tracks written by Kanye when he was 13?
The same team of mosaicists worked on the Church of the Holy Apostles in Thessaloniki as which other building?
What kinds of endemic conditions do the Human Assistance Operations entail?
What is the main defense of human body against eye infections?
How did the schoolboys stop Maclean?
How did Milliband explain posing with this newspaper?
Which former mentor joined the judges' panel this season?
With what styles did Mughal Rulers merge their Tuko-Persian culture?
When did Murray report people missing because of Blackbirders?
Parts of which towns became part of the Bronx?
What was used in the construction of modern aircraft?
Where is the Tucson Folk Festival held?
When was President Johnson's speech for John XXIII?
What destinations did sport hunting see elaborate travel to in the pursuit of trophies?
What were incoming nomadic groups known as?
Where do the Lions play?
How did the federal war end?
How many of Oklahoma's 2007 grad students completed their degree?
"Along with Dante and Boccaccio, who was a notable Italian author of the 14th century?"
What type of tubes are generally used for sturdier always of antennas?
Why was the lawsuit eventually dismissed?
What quality of the PS3 Super Slim was the website Spong excited about?
How many soldiers did General Clinton return with?
What type of food was cheese considered to be in Rome?
Whose music did Frédéric admire the most and thus provide influence on his work?
Where does the Governor's cup take place?
When can the reserve force be called upon?
How often does Elizabeth give interviews?
Part of what study is the census of Antarctic marine life?
What did Sinnreich call the link between lower music sales and peer-to-peer sharing site?
When did the Grand-Canyon mid-air collision happen?
Who invaded Armenia in the 11th century?
"If the transcription is very long, where on the RNA may translation begin?"
What is a rare discipline that Avicenna worked on?
What type of group founded Espanyol?
"If necessary being is true in itself, what is contingent?"
Smyth believed a scriptural church should consist only of regenerate believers who have been what?
Who designed the City of Arts and Sciences?
When did mosaic fall out of fashion?
"Who sued Apple, Samsung Electronics and Sandisk in 2007?"
What is the most important defense against the spread of unwanted organisms?
"What piece of the PS3 Super Slim's hardware did Spong say was too ""fiddly""?"
Freemasons most common in Scandinavia only accept who as members?
"When did ""Awakenings"" come out?"
When did construction finish on Devonport Leat?
What style of music does Sir Mix-a-Lot and Macklemore represent in Seattle?
What is the climate of North Carolinas coastal plain in the summer?
What is the name of the sampling theorem?
How much of Pakistan's large-scale manufacturing is in Punjab?
On what date did the largest mass execution in American history take place?
What is the name of the Duke who pressured Alexander to make peace with Napoleon?
Diesel powered freight deliveries continued through what date?
What professional services network named London the world's capital of higher education?
What weather trend ocured in the Late Cretaceous and Cenozoic periods?
Name two of the metropolitan areas that are enjoyed most frequently by tourist in Myanmar  ?
On which date were lawsuits filed against Harvard and Chapel Hill?
When were legislative elections held?
Which area of North Africa has hosted Greek communities in the past?
Which parts of speech aren't normally case-specific in Dutch?
How many states were originally covered by the Tallgrass Prairie Preserve?
"From what year could the Sovereign appoint a person as Commander, Officer or Member of the Order of the British Empire?"
When did the era of planning start in Himachal Pradesh?
Who thought that Avicenna was a Brethren of Purity follower?
Who was Eisenhower's budget director?
What is the name of the historical site that site next to Yale's campus?
What must happen before the Supreme Court will reverse a decision by a lower court refusing to uphold a constitutional law?
What is the name of the earliest medical document?
How often was al-Zahf al-Akhdar published?
What are some characters not originally intended for Unicode?
"Which group broke into an FBI office in Media, Pennsylvania?"
When did test transmissions of HDTV begin in Europe?
Which energetic editor rescued The Times from financial collapse in 1890?
When did Presbyterianism arrive in America?
From what city did Aeneas bring the lares cult?
What type of event did the Klan intend to have at Notre Dame in March of 1924?
What Antarctic ice shelf collapsed in 2008?
What event led to the diversification of seed plants?
On which island in Tuvalu is the hospital?
Which treaty had given Hong Kong to Britain?
Kiyomori removed how many court officials to protect his power?
What is the division of Catalan dialects?
Who established the Tibetan law code?
"Unlike other schools of Samkhya, what attitude makes yoga different?"
The Demand a Plan video campaign followed what tragic event?
What did the old letter ⟨ѣ⟩ become?
What is von Neumann algebra?
The Dutchesses brother Leopold was the King of what country?
What did this leader of change believe of the conception of Mary ?
Where did both Queen Victoria and her mother reside after she became Queen?
What was Whitehead's opinion on privacy?
What rank is Oklahoma Cities television networks for Nielsen?
For how many years is the Portugal president elected?
When did Gardezi die?
What was the name of the Chickamauga leader's cousin who helped settlers escape his raids?
What does ischemia refer too?
During Prohibition how high was Nucky Johnson's income?
When was Charles II of England restored to the throne?
What Admiral called Nanjing his home?
When was the Kingdom of Pontus taken over by the Roman Republic?
What year did Bell become President of the National Geographic magazine?
What was King Faisal's position toward Nasser?
Who designed the new wing for the palace in 1847?
"What document labeled the the description of the citizenship policy of Estonia as ""discriminatory""?"
When did the Mildred Lane Kemper Art Museum changed locations?
"Who released 7"" microgrooved records in the 1950s?"
What types of animals and plans are confined to a specific geographical area?
When did the Royal Naval Engineering College shut its doors in Plymouth?
Which edition of the Guinness Book of World Record states that no female artist sold more records than Madonna?
Excess zinc has what effect on plants?
From what building do the two public radio stations broadcast?
What is a likely problem of coreless DC motors?
Why did they miss that competition?
"As a result of Resolution 1970, what body was Libya suspended from?"
What happened with the Devensian glaciation ended?
Who was the first to use the tragic octoroon?
How many republics were in the USSR?
The earliest Galician-Portuguese documents date back to which year?
What is being lead to specialty roles?
"Along with Sony Music Latin, what music recording corporation is located in Miami?"
What element is used typically to establish Avogadro's constant?
In what year was India's constitution drafted?
How many things were altered after developer version release?
What years do Polybius books cover?
What organ did Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart play on?
How long after the National Academy of Science's study did a study on over the counter drugs occur?
How many people did Fitzroy have per km2 between 2012 and 2013?
What year did Fortune magazine make predictions about the increased revenue an extended daylight savings would provide?
In what areas of philosophy did Hume become a major figure?
What was Nanjing's GDP ranking in all of China for 2013?
What ancient religion did Greece embrace during the Hellenistic period?
What was the value of this extension?
What two ideas did conservative and clerical defenders of traditional religion attack as evil forces that encouraged immorality?
Where did Brasilia place hotels?
What is the third mark of existence in Buddhism?
How many tablets were sold in 2Q 2013?
What was one of the activities the nuns enjoyed?
Since when have surface mount packages for capacitors been commonly in use?
When was 808s & Heartbreaks released?
Where did princess Victoria move to after she was married?
What backup element is still found on Windows 8?
What land area is west of Puget Sound?
To which century do some researchers attribute the Bergakker inscription?
What is the language of Namibia?
"Sky HD's set-top box, TiVo's Series 3, and Dish Network's VIP 622 are examples of what?"
Who wrote the novel To Kill a Mockingbird?
Which river in Thuringia is the most important?
What two forts fell on the same day in 1758?
"In what issue was Namor, The Sub-Mariner introduced?"
When did Napoleon graduate?
How many countries donated?
What feeling usually fills a believer regarding the resurrection?
How did return current effect water and gas in iron pipes?
Which two cultures does Tibetan architecture reflect?
How much higher is the rate of execution in Texas versus the national average?
Haredi and Hasidic Jewry have an attachment to what movement?
"Along with autopsies, what is it erroneously believed that the medieval Church forbade?"
What does JTFN stand for?
What happens outside the 1/1000 second to 1/second exposure range?
Where is the Palacio Taranco located?
"How long did the Mac Plus remain in production, unchanged?"
What indicated the proper direction and angle of descent?
Greek thought is predominately applying mathematics and what other method?
How was the PVA transporting supplies at one point?
"What population has mtDNA and atDNA mutations, making them distinct from other indigenous peoples of the Americas?"
What are the Nigerian states' sub-divisions called?
Where is partial migration most common?
When did the Safavid Empire peak?
What do auxins do?
"What orchestra with a name that starts with ""B"" has played at the Guildhall?"
What are these enlisted positions in the USAF complimented by?
Where were the Italian American professors employed that asked to be added as an affirmative action category?
What cause wives to be unable to move to the US with their Chinese husbands after 1882?
What was the source of the misinformation concerning damage to the city's boardwalk?
When were the 30 team members sworn in?
When did the clearing of the swamp land and forest begain to rapidly increase?
Why was the Greater London Council established?
What was the population density of San Diego in 2009?
MP3Gain is important because it allows players without what capability to have adjusted playback?
What did The Sun state that had it taken sponsorship of?
What colony was Roger Williams the founder of?
What composer did Kanye West work with for his second album?
What is one of the activities Telugu Academy is credited with encouraging?
What is Rio Nuevo?
What are Germans trying to focus on?
When did stained glass begin to be used for places of worship?
Who are two prominent members of the PLP?
What group of natives suffered from beriberi?
How many awards did Beyonce take home with her at the 57th Grammy Awards?
How would you describe a predator that primarily eats plants?
When was the New Hampshire Baptist Confession of Faith created?
What squadron is present but not an official part of the Brigade?
Who carried the castle?
What did Celtic tribes mine from the Alps?
Example psychoacoustic models and rate loops can be foundin which part of the original standard?
The Roman Karamagara Bridge is an example of what type of structure?
what were two big subgenres of house music?
What caused a violent uprising?
What did the emperor risk if he did not accept the decisions of the court conference?
"Where was John brown, Victorias manservant, from?"
Hunted species are usually referred to as what?
Which did BYU's athletic program belong to before joining the Mountain West Conference?
Name Philidelphia's largest park?
The protesters were unhappy with the pollution in what body of water?
What agency distributed aid to Yugoslavia?
"In what month was the inaugural concert held for the ""Ed in '08"" campaign?"
"What name does the Quran use for itself that means ""revelation""?"
What are most words in Old Chinese?
What was the genre of '1941'?
The City University of New York system consists of how many institutions?
Who were the behavioral scientists in charge of the research?
How is the meaning of Dukkha explained?
Who started BDP?
For what  did Canadian natives use asphalt as a waterproofing material?
Who founded Chatham House Academy?
Who were the first inhabitants of Southeast Asia?
What 3 medical associations supported the bills?
Which Minister had the responsibility to interpret laws in this period?
Who was a major figure in the skeptical philosophical and empiricist traditions of philosophy?
Smyth applied for membership with who?
On which fracture did the quake focus?
What City College initiative did Northwestern announce signing on with in 2016?
What country did Britain convince to attack Egypt?
Where did the the alphabets used by eastern languages come from?
Which of Northwestern's alumni is notable for becoming the Governor of Illinois and a presidential candidate?
When did season 13 premiere?
Who published the first thorough investigation of the photoelectric effect?
Who argued that drug regulators were greater serving the interests of the drug companies than the patients?
What was the main flaw of San Diego's original location?
Who would the axis powers oppose in the new agreement?
What year was victorias final child born?
How many radio studios is BYU BYU Broadcasting Technical Operations Center home to?
What metal rose in value?
What was the second reform?
Two government ministers resigned over Tito's visit to what region?
Which contestant had previously been arrested and charged with assault?
Which part of a tree can have vertical or horizontal variation in its specific gravity?
About how many centimeters of snow does Richmond experience in the fall?
On which date were Tennessee's elected representatives restored to their offices in Washington D.C.?
When did the Leeside Lions win the Australian Rules Football League of Ireland Premiership?
What do people consume that has low amounts of the necessary essential fatty acids?
What was the source of educational material in Early Modern age universities?
What date did the Xbox Live Arcade launch on?
"In his book, Feynman was shown playing what instrument?"
How does a stepper motor differ from a synchronous motor?
What is the main phytochrome found in seedling grown in light?
What did French police take from demonstrators?
What region comprises of the Wallacea?
How does pain inform attitudes deemed unacceptable?
How many people were at the Queen + Paul Rodgers concert in 2008 in Kharkiv?
Why is Thurnigia's landscape shaped by human influence?
Who commanded the second  voyage in 1604?
Who is the Bronx named for?
What do all artworks have in common regarding the crucifixion?
How much money does the New York film and television industry create every year?
How many restaurants are there in NYC?
What is a limitation of low frequency recordings?
How many states are in Germany?
Cognitive anthropologists want to know how the way people perceive and related to the world around them is linked to what?
Of what duration are symbiotic relationships?
"In addition to non-rock styles, what did some of the no-wave groups experiment with sonically?"
"Along with red and blue, what is the third visible color channel?"
Who was the child of Emilie Victoria Kraus who might have been another of Napoleon's illegitimate children?
How many tourist visited Greece in 2009?
Where does 14th Street end?
When was The Shevchenko Ukrainian Language Society made official?
What language did Beyoncé release several songs in?
How long has copper been used in building construction?
"During his attendance to von Mises' seminars, who did Hayek become friends with?"
"Which team received permission to move to Dublin, Ireland in 1998?"
Who succeeded Reza Shah after his abdication?
Who set the trap for the Japanese forces as they sailed by Panaon Island?
What is the span of the Early Cretaceous?
What organization did Apple join to monitor its labor policies?
Which president was given control of Florida
Which streets are one-way eastbound?
What subject did Avicenna start studying at 16?
Who wrote The Grand Design?
When was the Nanjing Massacre Memorial Hall built?
have the Burmese people ever shown any reservations about the ruling government bodies?
What is the native language meaning of Tuvalu?
What resulted in the massacre of Jews?
"Aspiration is what, in English and some other languages?"
What is one experience that students using videoconferencing can achieve?
What is the name of the prime ministerial position in Ireland?
What did the Thonburi Technology Institute become after its name change?
"In 1960, what group made up 16.45% of Tennessee's population?"
What type of elevator has a hinged wooden shaft-access door?
What portion of China's elite universities still have a primary polytechnical focus today?
What was the original intended format for CDs?
What are the characteristics of steel if it is cooled to quickly?
Which Queen did Bell present his invention to?
Who tried to outlaw slavery?
What follows the 2N in a JEDEC EIA370?
Pesticides can be used to stop the spread of what dieseases?
In what country was an assignation attempt made on the life of Paul VI?
What year did Georgian architecture begin to be abandoned?
What did Christopher Green say of the difference between traditional cubist and Salon Cubists?
What were the storage disks used for?
What is an airport?
In what year was Trinity bomb completed?
What mostly affects polarization?
"Along with rhetoric and logic, what constituted the trivium?"
In what year did the Stockholm Bloodbath take place?
What are the genes that result from eukaryotic gene duplication called?
Who could rise into polish ennoblement?
What are Tibetan Muslims known as?
How does she describe Jay Z?
"When was Vieira, a former president, deposed?"
Why did farmers build a bridge over the Harlem River?
Early seventeenth-century Baptists were thought to be influenced by who?
"In what century did Vedaguer, Oller, and Guimera wrte?"
How thick is the ice that covers Antarctica?
Who was signed to a contract at 8 years for $136 million?
The University of Kansas had the highest rated law school in which state?
How long does pain tend to last?
What could we call some specimens with a high proportion of latewood that explains why they weigh less than specimens with much less latewood?
Since what year has production of solar cells in China expanded 100-fold?
Aquila chrysaetos is what type of bird?
In what district of London is Pillars of Hercules located?
The Air Ministry was critical of Dowding after which battle?
What legal traditions does Israel combine?
What did the Frankish expansion and the Bavarian expansion introduce?
What term is given to the attempt by the US and her allies to fight global terrorist groups?
How many days did the plane travel?
Who was governor of Maryland in January 2015?
In what segment of the population is the decline in usage of Dutch most prominent?
What system did the Ottomans abolish in favor of the millet system?
How many numbers can a cell of a computer's memory hold?
To where did Chinese troops withdraw?
"What place produces live concerts, plays and comedy?"
"Besides offering money, what else did Comcast include in their proposal to buy Disney?"
What is the equivilent to the US Standard A17.1 called in Canada?
"As part of the Foreign Language Student Residence program, what do students commit to speak while in their apartments?"
What was later termed the photon?
In what year did Paul VI journey to the Holy Land?
When did the ancestor of all modern birds evolve a better sense of smell?
Where are many of those who provide income to residents earning?
What is the GDP of the city?
In 1925 what incident by the crowd caused the closing of the stadium?
What was the year of Alberts death?
What feature added in 2007 facilitated bus travel by London' passengers with hearing and vision impairments?
What is the second-largest employer in Tucson?
Who discovered the first synthetic dye?
What is on the background of the image which can be used as a scale to represent the size of the mechanism?
What region was fought for during the Syrian wars?
When were Napoleon I's remains interred in his mausoleum?
What is Apple's prefered video standard?
What were castles originally built out of?
What did Royal Dutch Shell's bid to purchase Shell Oil Company's shares lead to?
What other purposes have the domesticated turkey been used for aside from food?
Who commanded the Prussian 12 Cavalry Brigade?
What desires were expected to be suppressed during the fasting period?
Where were the actual origin of the Space Race?
What mountains are the city near?
In what area was the Klondike Gold Rush located?
What language lacks gendered nouns and pronouns?
"What year did forbes list Oklahoma city as ""recession proof""."
In what year was Sega's AStron Belt released?
What does act 21 in Namibia regulate?
Who formalized Bushido?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1939?
What abolished the British slave trade?
What was the name of the paper that the World Bank and Tajikistan came up with?
Where did the White Huns roam?
Where was the location of the Shahi defeat by the Muslims?
In what year did Cochrane release the report?
How many Freemasons are believed to have been killed under Hitler's Nazi Regime?
How many of the industrial jobs in the county were based in Mexico City in the late 20th century?
Speakers of what languages sometimes call Kathmandu Yambu?
What type of modifications been added to the Philippines Constitution?
What are anarchists not against?
Who wrote the Histoire naturelle des insectes?
Which 2005 movie featured Schwarzenegger as himself?
"In addition to finding already dead animals, what other cause of death were their animal finds?"
In what decade was the ferry port built in Southampton to carry people to exotic destinations on the continent?
"Who did Allmusic refer to as ""one of the most successful pop and adult contemporary singers of the '80s and beyond""?"
What was Sunyol called after his death?
What still uses the external digestion system?
What capability do helicopters use to move over the flight deck and land vertically?
"Why, in developting countries, do children often attend fewer years of formal schooling?"
Hakka is a language from what geographic part of China?
How much more efficient are Halogena Energy Saver bulbs compared to incandescents?
How large was the fleet that attacked the Bithynian coast along with the Pecheneg allies?
Prince Alexander was the second son of whom?
What location has become famous for bird overshooters?
When did the first World War begin?
What three terms define the Bohr magneton value?
What movement focused on the idea that the sould must be freed from matter?
What did Hoover call MLK?
Who did the Russians offer to sell Alaska to?
Till what year did Ptolemy's family rule Egypt?
What did William Penn ensure the protection of in his colony?
Who was the Japanese Pure Land teacher?
In what year was the French term Lumieres first used?
The president said the U.S. would be joining how many donor nations?
What route does a migrating bird usually follow?
What major interstate runs from Tijuana to Los Angeles?
When did Destiny's Child end their group act?
Which street do numbered streets begin just north of?
What was the claim that the lawsuit was based on?
A shuttle astronauts prevents ebullism at 2 kPa with what item?
Who are private insurance companies required to accept?
Who produced an Oswald the Lucky Rabbit motion picture?
where was the É-Lì-Sī Army-Civilian Marshal Office established?
What Bohemian movement was influenced by Wycliffe?
How many books are included in The Aeneid?
How much money was agreed to in the financial bailout?
The rise of Chinese population saw a rapid increase during which revolution?
"In the compensation argument, who should supposedly have to make up for past discrimination against blacks?"
Who shot Daphne with a leaden arrow?
When did Beyoncé give birth to her daughter?
Where were slaves shipped to from West Africa?
Who was the leader of the Rockingham Whigs?
When did the FDA approve Enovid?
When were DBMSs first used commercially?
When did a huge deficit and rising inflation place pressure on Estonia's currency?
What voltage is being used in railway system of South Africa and Chile?
What did Albert establish himself as?
What other cultures do the Romioi  clam to be their birthright ?
What is the nickname for Gorbachev's new doctrine?
What is the meaning behind the Muslim concept of tawhid?
What determines the properties of speed and torque?
What American president was a member of the Pacific War Council?
What market did the Genesis target?
What is Exclusive Jurisdiction?
What part of the United Kingdom is Belfast located in?
What style are most windows on secular Gothic structures?
What was the name of the civilian space agency created by Eisenhower?
When did the Foo Fighters album In Your Honor come out?
Why is cycling popular in Tucson?
Where did Chancellor Willy Brandt make his  28 October 1969 address?
Did that ever happen again?
When did the Romans leave Utrecht
When did the era of planning start in Himachal Pradesh?
Which country invaded east Prussia in World War I?
What was Roman London's population in the 2nd century?
Where did the fighting begin?
Which two national basketball teams play in NYC?
What was code pleading ultimately replaced by?
How was the 1999 election regarded?
Which articles of the EU Copyright Directive address circumvention of copyright protection?
What class of considerations did Popper believe were not important in scientific measurement?
What religion is the Flying Fathers team?
How large was the typical television recommended for the device?
What are the festivities known as in Ambato?
Why did the population decline after this time?
"According to Albert Baugh, what was the period in which Old English was used?"
What is an example of a culturally specific support network?
What size was the Swiss Federal budget in 2010?
It was in commemoration of the tenth anniversary of what?
What is the name of the independent school in Plymouth?
What type of annual competition takes place during Kanavel?
Boston became one of the wealthiest international ports after what war?
What kind of experiments did Zugibe run?
Which statistics are debated because of the different ways various police forces record crime?
What affects the number of ions in a gauge?
What year were the lacquer doors brought from Brighton?
A colonist far from the Mediterranean and low in social rank would be more likely to do what?
What hot spring is in Jiangning?
Which group represents at least 70% of Jews worldwide?
In what year was the north-west pavilion turned into a swimming pool?
Which competition did ASPEC win?
Rivals in what self-identified era enjoyed much stronger 3rd party support?
What is the Dharma?
How many airports are affiliated with London and incorporate the word London in their names?
Through what company is the TCM Vault Collection released?
Where did the intelligence information that led to the passage of Resolution 83 come from?
"The other newspaper, New Haven Advocate is run by which company?"
How did the Queen view the Indian Rebellion?
How is the presence of sugar shown by using Benedict's reagent and Fehling's solution?
Who discovered the process of refining kerosene from coal?
How much snow does Raleigh get?
What is the commonly held notion regarding the dual nature of the soul called?
When was the phrase Iranian language family first used?
"During which years did the conscious begin to look for a new style in Germany, Italy, Russia, and Holland?"
How much did Britain spend to buy Egypt's share of the Suez Canal?
Who was sent to stop Valencia's uprising?
What did the treaty establish?
What kind of winter weather does Houston have?
What century does football in England date back to?
"What family do potatoes, tomatoes and peppers belong to?"
What does 'nuchal' mean?
What happens to these new plants if they are able to reproduce?
In 2010 how many movies did youtube's rental service offer?
How long has copper been in use?
Who was a strong supporter of freedom of religion and wanted to unite Protestants and Catholics in the new union?
What is the code for separating lines?
What is the name of lyrical novel written by Oskar Luts?
What organic reds did Rothko use in the Passion of Christ murals?
What Russian-Austrian agreement preceded the Seven Years War that started in 1755-56?
When did Arsenal FC leave Highbury stadium?
The Arnmenian economy depends primarily on what?
Who conducted a study about Detroit's walk-ability?
What types of  birds are most commonly considered poultry?
What is the final degree in the Freemasons?
Where is Yingxiu located?
The masters who built the floor in the synagogue at Bet She'an also constructed what other mosaic?
What can Plainsong or Gregorian chant also be called?
"How did Steven Spielberg's film ""The Sugarland Express"" do in the box office?"
From which countries does the biggest rise in Valencia's foreign population come?
"How tall was Napoleon, in feet and inches?"
Where did Broz move in 1921?
"How does the APG system of 1998, with its 2003 and 2009 revisions, treat flowering plants?"
What did Paul Feyerabend ultimate do to Popper's philosophy of science?
Who does the senior leadership roles in the USAF include?
What was the name of the state that three North Carolina counties hoped to form in 1784?
How many Oklahomans speak German?
In what part of a tree's cross-section is heartwood visible?
Has there been a recent increase or decrease in international students studying in Melbourne?
Who developed the ductile form of tungsten?
In what year was the Walworth School established?
What piece of information is almost always listed on a pub sign?
Elevations around the world that have a cold climate similar to that of the polar region have been called what?
Rumors of Napoleon's return from what location were often used as an inspiration for his followers?
When were Beyonce and Jay Z married?
What was the population in London in 2014?
Who was not prepared for the financial crisis in 2007 by lacking a full understanding of the financial system?
How were pigments like red lake created?
Nutritional standards and recommendations are produced by a joint effort between the US Department of Agriculture and which other department?
What is one annual event Oklahoma City hosts?
At what event was Tito recognized by Stalin?
What poetry festival was first held in 1997?
Who is the Australian Liberal Party's leader?
When did South Africa refuse to surrender Namibia?
What law did Congress refer to as a basic for the AUMF?
The first woman to go into space was from which country?
Why did Gaddafi drop out of college?
Drug trafficking and money laundering are considered what?
What does Hindu temple architecture try to express?
Using what to determine the seriousness of a breach can prevent a party from prematurely suspending its obligations due to another party's alleged material breach?
Who met the British army as they moved north?
What class increased it's interest in music during the 19th century?
What stele is at Boni's tomb?
"What types of control are considered when labeling a country with the perjorative ""51st state"" label?"
What was the official name of Libya prior to the establishment of the Jamahiriya?
What does DRM and anti-circumvention laws do?
What is the name of the only medical center on Norfolk Island?
With whom did Hayek establish the Geistkreis?
What is a solar chimney?
What does DNT stand for?
Where did the majority of the concepts of Mary's birth show themselves the most ?
What is Paris' largest cemetary?
"Samuel changed something that was in the old meaning of the metaphor, what was it?"
What does Southern Russian have a linguistic continuum with?
What is implied when two witnesses have a number of errors in common?
What was a way musicians got sounds such short recording times?
Who is pictured on the stupa's base?
How many of the South Africans surveyed in 1996 said they speak at least a little Afrikaans?
How did Boganda die?
On what TV station did Red Nose Day appear?
How many transfer windows are available each year from the Football Association?
"""Superstorm Sandy"" produced an all-time record low barometric pressure reading of what?"
Cappadocia began it's realtionship with Rome under whom?
What was Whitehead's philosophy able to anticipate for the 21st century?
"According the the 2012 census, how many people live on the Tuvalu islands?"
Which country did England negotiate the Treaty of London with?
How many rules dows the patimokkha have?
What colony did Walter Raleigh found?
What was considered to be dominant part of normal life?
What year was the discovery of hydrogen gas?
How much military aggression did Maria Theresa exert following the war?
Which tribes brought down the Western Roman Empire?
Who originally created the measles vaccine?
What statement addressed the relationship of Italy to Greece in the Catholic church?
What did the court say was invaded?
These mandolin are used in a popular dance music called?
"After which war did England gain New York in exchange for Run, an Indonesian island?"
"If the lungs are infected by TB via bloodstream, what's the type of focus?"
Who said the 'war on terrorism' is 'an entire language of discourse'?
In what year was Epic Records created?
A form of corruption that does not involve personal gain is known as what?
Who established the Walworth School?
What regions suffer from state-sponsored abuse and violence?
Who believed Britain was following a strategy when trying to destroy Russian Navy?
Which sex tends to have more red blood cells than the other?
What was Tucson's population in 1910?
What was the name of the general who claimed Guam?
Before 1641 the privileged ennoblement was granted by what?
Where was native copper extracted with primitive tools between 800 and 1600?
Who is the headmaster of the Christian Brothers of Ireland Stella Maris College?
Infinite Comics is related to what comics media platform?
What does UCS stand for?
On what day did Bell go back to Boston?
Where do unstressed vowels reduce to three?
Who was the leader of South Vietnam in 1954?
What is a celestes?
Which Melbourne rail station was the world's busiest passenger station in 1926?
What organization found no evidence that UNFPA had supported Chinese coercion?
Who bought Buckingham House in 1761?
Where is a bird's cochlea located?
What Security Council Resolution recommended that the Marshall Islands be allowed to join the UN?
What stle was the Iglesia Punta Carretas built in?
Where was this homicide perpetrated?
Which Italian cathedral displays polychrome marble and mosaic on the gable?
What part of the computer has memory cells called registers?
What event did Jem and Scout attend right before they were attacked at night?
In what ways can a sequence of events be presented?
What were many post-punk artists originally inspired by?
How many teams participate in the Notre Dame Bookstore Basketball tournament?
"Between 2005 and 2011, how many 360 consoles were sold in Japan?"
How many specific characters are there in the ASCII code?
What is the second busiest airport in the New York metro area?
What is the second most visited art museum in Paris?
Who had the biggest fraud case settlement?
Which website offered MP3s for free?
What type of faith is Protestantism?
What was youtube planning on doing to labels it did not reach a deal with?
In what year are or racial categories first revised for the 2000 U.S. Census?
What treaty ended the Thirty Years' War?
What ruler was dissolved after the Indian Rebellion in 1857?
What was the region of Eastern Europe called in 1 AD?
In what areas of the US does Comcast operate?
Whose directions can be followed to interact with iPod batteries?
Where was one main concentration of Humanism?
What medical district is experiencing growth in biotechnology and medical research field?
When did Boeing move its headquarters to Chicago?
How many Billboard chart toppers did American Idol contestants have within the first ten seasons?
What type of secularism came to dominate American public life?
What is a major implication of the Erie doctrine?
"Besides the areas of Spain, what other differences are there between Barcelona and Real Madrid?"
"What did Harff define as ""short-lived outbursts by mobs...?"""
What boulevard turns into E.K Gaylord Boulevard?
When is the earliest date of using the term cardinal as honorable church men used?
"What store was founded in Paris, in 1838, which sold a wide variety of products?"
What is another name for Ibn Tufail?
How does he describe what makes something real?
What is a common type of solar water heater?
Who was the prime minister of Canada in 1939?
How much land did the Allen brothers buy?
Which state was Article 23 used to reintegrate?
Have those books changed over time?
Who may have added texts to the Canon for some time?
Where is the doll Pierre Jaquet-Droz built today?
What was a possible reason for Chopin's failed engagement to Maria Wodzińska?
When was Louise Weiss inaugurated?
Why were the bison killed?
What is believed to have increased temperatures in the   Sahara?
How many students attended the Bronx public noncharter schools as of 2000?
In which work published in 1934 did Popper introduce his theories centered around falsifiability?
When was the General Post Office built?
The evolutionary arms race between prey and predator has resulted in what?
Where did Queen perform with Adam Lambert on 3 July 2012?
"What does the ""other"" box do?"
Who did The Times support in 2012 for the election of the U.S. president?
What was Rosell's record number of votes he received for president?
What else did Finlay do with his little person?
How many miles of land did Lancashire lose to other countries?
Historian Margaret Jacob stresses the importance of the Masons in indirectly inspriting what type of thinking?
Who was in charge of overseeing audio production?
What is one preventive effort in circumventing conditions that lead to genocide?
"In 1998, the deal was renewed for what amount over four years?"
What British critic helped boost Steven Spielberg's career?
What was the capital of China?
The Mrs. Carter Show Limited Edition was released in what year?
Who is the current president of Notre Dame?
Where did the quickly mobilised troops first invade in France?
What is the center of the Florida population
The first and second wave of migrants were mainly who?
Who provided funds to encourage lending and restore faith in commercial banks in the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2007?
"Which ruler had the last, best chance of uniting Greece?"
At what event did Sony tell everyone about the CECH-4000?
"IBM focusing on markets like business continuity, business intelligence, security, and cloud computing is an example of IBM doing what?"
How many total terms can a president be elected for?
"Along with potassium-40 and uranium, the decay of what element is a primary heat source driving plate tectonics?"
"For seasons 7-13, the season finale was held where?"
Who won the Battle of Borodino?
What is the largest nationwide broadcaster in San Diego?
"Instead of being allowed to set numerical targets, what did the Court rule that universities are allowed to do?"
"In 1876, Charleston's Black Republicans fought against whom?"
What is the common mammal group that gives birth to live young?
What is expected to have an effect on migration timing?
What do Presbyterians put importance into?
What team of artist and writer helped popularize the Uncanny X-Men line of comics in the 1980s?
Who was the previous overseer of the London interbank offered rate?
One of the Special Protection Areas for birds is in which area?
What was Harrison's first single?
What is located west of the NAS Annex?
What does the fourth goal focus on improving?
Dogs originated as predators and what?
When did Everton FC launch their new crest?
Because of it's trees New Haven is known for being first to implemented what in the US?
What counterpoints Yale's gothic towers?
Which philosophy branch is concerned with issues surrounding ontology?
When did Musharraf arrest Maulana Masood Azhar?
How many members of Parliament represent Plymouth?
What was divided between warlords and tribes with no dominant centralized authority?
When was that article published?
What year was The Traymore Hotel begun?
Whose speech did Kanye West ruin at the 2009 MTV Awards?
How many number ones have Idol singers achieved on Billboard charts in just the first ten years?
How are the King and Queen of J'ouvert chosen?
"In enforcing a charge of genocide, what loophole do many of the signatories possess?"
[p˭ s˭] and [pʰ ʰp sʰ] are separate what?
In what areas of philosophy did Hume become a major figure?
Woyciechowski left Chopin to enlist in what?
The area of Science Park was originally filled with what?
What is the Tibetan name for Mount Kailash?
In what year was Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee?
How do modern police often communicate?
What race named after a car company used to be hosted in Southampton?
What railway line is DC being used in Portugal?
In what year did the Brown Fellowship Society end?
What year did The Times change its name from The Daily Universal Register?
What patterns are present on the mosaic at the synagogue in Eshtemoa?
Lee's notes to whom help disclaim this rumor?
What state of emotion did Le Corbusier say architecture put him in?
What is Google helping NARA with?
Which mosque is believed to be the first with a dome?
How did Spielberg influence the public's behavior?
What is the one culinary tradition that is present among all Somali regional cuisines?
Why is Japan black used for outdoor paint?
When does Oklahoma city sever weather season end?
When does the Premier League have its playing season?
What leaves a pattern on the paper that has a consistent density width and lengthwise?
"Along with Nelson Eddy, who starred in the Phantom of the Opera?"
Who is the current US Consul General?
When was the first Namibian newspaper founded?
Which Age did the invention of the papermaking process contribute towards?
By what year had Melbourne overtaken Sydney as Australia's most populous city?
What duality describes the conflicting properties of matter in the fields of chemistry and physics?
What was the goal of the Transformator system?
"Who has objected to the idea of IP because ""property"" implies scarcity?"
What are alternative names the Thar Desert is known by?
"Why do most fish, reptiles, amphibians, and birds appear green?"
How is this type of hunting done?
Serbs of Croatia are mostly descendants of who?
What did they transcribe Florida's name as?
When are glacial moraines visible?
What type of temper are people with red hair considered to have?
What did the Digimon series end up having lots of during the series?
What is the program that allows season employees work permits?
What is a Torah study institute for married men called?
Who led the armies of the French Republic in Vendee and Westermann?
Polabian-Pomeranian Slavs are also known to have even settled where?
Who were the season 8 finalists on American Idol?
When did London most recently host the Summer Olympics?
With the conclusion of World War 2 what did most Eastern Europe countries do with their German citizens?
How many staterooms does the palace have?
What type of trees provided lumber for building on Tuvalu?
Where did people not ask about racial background?
Who condemned Microsoft for requiring devices to have secure boot enabled by default?
When does evidence show the earliest known barley beer was produced?
What two entities was the foundation split into in october 2016
"What percentage of US drugs are derived from plants, animals, and micro-organisms?"
What does the black walnut give out that kills plants?
What is it about the middle of Chopin's nocturnes that increases their drama?
What percent of bird species are socially monogamous?
What is the concern in Southeast Asian region due to development & population expansion?
what was the main settlement named?
How much time did Tito give Dubcek to fly to Prague?
What was built in the 7th century
Who performed the tasks of the Zongli Yamen before it was created?
Reaction with what causes dealkalization?
What did Czech philologists advocate?
What other name is used when referring to the origins of the Presbyterian Church?
"Besides fire, what else is charcoal used for?"
"Progressive house blended sounds were prominent in the song ""Marry the Night"" by what popular artist?"
How much of Earth's land surface do glaciers cover?
Who are children predominantly employed by?
What did Mohieddin attribute Nassir's mistakes in 1967 to?
Where was the challenge to the theory of racing being a social construct published?
How many stations are there in total in the Nanjing metro system?
When was Royal Shell Group Created?
"In the wake of the October resolution, what happened to the Russian Imperial Army?"
Who has the power to issue a pardon?
What were these embargoes called by the Japanese media?
What is the difference in role for Minority leader when majority party holds white house?
The support of Asoka and his descendants led to what being built more?
When did the western half of the state become Hesse?
Who was Altan Khan's nominal superior?
Who blocked the takeover attempt?
Why are hydrocarbon pesticides not excreted?
When is the Korean dog recipe usually eaten?
An EEG of the brain stands for what?
When did Beijing agree to aid from Taiwan?
Who was the captain of the crew killed in 1834?
What radio station format is soft AC often contrasted with?
"From the late 1990s to mid 2000s, was drug use in teens on the rise or decline?"
"According to the Buddhist doctrine of impermanence, how does life express impermanence?"
What is the main principle of lectio brevior?
In what year was Royal Prussia annexed?
What is Palermo's climate classification?
What sits on top of the Main Building at Notre Dame?
What was the Truman administration concerned about that was preventing them from getting involved in the Korean conflict?
Who was elected in 1924?
"What type of educational institutions are in the area, that Nanjing can brag about?"
Comcast owns what movie studio?
What did Armenia declare a cease-fire to in 1994?
Who recreated the measles vaccine?
Colonization reduced the power of what groups in the Congo River basin?
What happens to the voltage when an inductive circuit is opened?
What were Protestant Christians fleeing from?
Who was the Grand Secretary under Jiajing?
Who did John marry Joan to?
When did Aribau write Ode to the Homeland?
When did BYU first open its doors to students?
When was the Taika Reform?
In what year did Arsenal move to Holloway?
After what war did the English receive New Amsterdam?
When did Congress secure an absolute majority?
Between what years did Portugal establish a colonial and commercial empire?
Where was Charleston's first location?
Spiderman's fictional city is based off what real American location?
How did Alexis de Tocqueville describe the French Revolution?
"By 2011, how many people were affected by asthma?"
What city did Hadik occupy?
How did Life Magazine recognize Spielberg?
Who had admiration for the ancient Estonian culture?
What is the Italian equivalent to the French term Lumieres?
In what year was thalidomide banned in Germany?
Which colors lay outside of the nor for those of Greek descent ?
What is used to set the dining table for formal dinners?
Which government supported the US's war Afghanistan and Iraq?
Who did Chandrahrasa belong to?
What is the name of the insulator in all capacitors that can store energy by becoming polarized?
The Chichimeca are the ancestors of what people?
What type of numbers under addition form a monoid?
The state's economy ranks in what place in the country Mexico
When did Russia experience territorial growth?
What big cat is said to inhabit the mountains of the Gash-Barka Region?
The PAL and SECAM were color systems where?
What burrough was Feynman's high school in?
What was the crown tribunal supposed to do?
What does the first of the Four Noble Truths explain?
What is Melbourne's main metropolitan train terminus called?
Sanskrit is a standardized dialect of which language?
What have some of Czech's characters been used for by phonologists to denote?
How many miles of sewers are in the city?
What details did Modernists' do away with?
What is the Charles de Gaulle the flagship of?
What does the bacteria give the worm?
What are 2 major cultural influences of Cork?
When did Queen release The Miracle?
What are the first two letters of nearly all CBC stations?
"In March 2007, what percentage of Southampton residents claimed job seeker's allowance?"
What would be problematic for a multilingual character set or font to provide?
What word was added to the Endangered Species Act in 1982?
What species of hardwood are hickory and mulberry trees?
When did Lord North leave office?
Who was the labor leader of the Teamsters?
During what span of time did the Pala Empire thrive?
How did the Institute of International Education rank BYU in 2009 compared with U.S. universities that offer study abroad opportunities?
Who again issued the same type of challenge centuries later
What was Peter Stuyvesant's title?
What branch of the US government established the National Archives?
Investigations of what brought questions of space into questions about time?
Whose theory claimed that species were unchanging and designed by God?
Who uses the Latin alphabet?
What famous panda was killed under the rubble?
"After the water purification plant at the Croton Watershed is built, how much more water will be added to the city's supply each day?"
How many votes were cast in the American Idol finale in season eight?
What was a notable film that Turner colorized?
What do insulating cards prevent between interconnection layers?
What is the largest of the cemeteries created in the 20th centuries?
When was Take Me Out to a Cubs game released?
The Mach argument is called what?
What was Berkeley's ethnicity?
"Prior to 1997, where were racial categories declared for the U.S. Census?"
What year did the Cape Times (South Africa) start?
Which film project did Madonna leave because of differences with the director?
"In the winter of 1947, the National Museum started with a display of Indian art in what location?"
How many locks are contained in Suez Canal?
How many barrels of crude were upgraders making per day by 2015?
What is the most common example of a machine vision system?
The lacquer doors in the Centre Room were brought from Brighton in which year?
Who was ultimately able to claim victoy in Port Said?
"In Australia, what percent of passerine species are partially migratory?"
"Along with Bat and trap, what game is popular in south London pubs?"
"Along with the surface of the Earth, what objects absorb radiation from the sun?"
By what year was the school in Oxford completed?
What is the responsibility of government in Hayek's market order?
What rationale did asset managers who continued to invest in over-priced investments to the detriment of their clients use?
What period is the Bergakker inscription from that shows characteristics of the Old Dutch language?
What was the problem with manufacturing the tungsten filament?
What are desktop computers and laptops commonly infected with?
What was another name by which Abmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi was known?
The Indus Valley Civilization was the first to have traces of what?
When did Afghanistan sign a security agreement with the US?
What form of the word God refers to polytheistic gods?
Who stopped their trips to Ming China?
Where are the Queen and Prince Phillip's apartments located?
On what day did West release his second fashion line?
What did the first assassination attempt do for Victoria's reign?
Where did English and Scotch Irish descent move to Florida from
What were early record album covers made of?
What was Pelayos' plan?
What disease did Victoria's youngest son have?
When did the Xbox One launch?
Beginning in what century was the Book of Concord a central part of the Lutheran Church?
"If passengers don't want to take a train to the airport, what other transport is available?"
Which modern group now works to attain Galicia status as a nation?
What does Nuestra Senora del Sagrado Corazon mean?
Why were multiple holidays seized by the Catholic population?
Around when was Jan Joosten van Lodensteijn born?
When did Britain first invade Afghanistan?
When did John retake Rochester Castle?
What were local villages' assemblies called in the Magadha kingdoms?
What is the German word for Daylight Saving Time?
What news company  discovered visual evidence of the disdain exhibited by civil employees and civilians in Burma ?
How many encoding forms are there for Korean Hangul?
What percent of Ukraine's websites are in Russian?
Who came in line for the throne before Victoria?
When did Madonna appear in the play Up For Grabs at the Wyndhams Theatre?
People who have cats or dogs make fewer visits where?
Voltaire wrote Letters on the English in what year?
Where are slip losses dissipated?
"Where have French Troops been stationed since September 11, 2001?"
To what type of theater are the two dozen live venues in Seattle associated?
When was the German Empire founded?
What province of Canada is a large consumer of Detroit programming?
When did Tongzhi Emperor die?
what label launched the careers of burrell?
What mountain range makes up the coolest part of North Carolina?
"Who said that Chopin's familiarity with Polish music was more ""urbanised""  than true folk music?"
What caused an increasingly literate population to develop in the Enlightenment era?
What other high tech industry is in Somerset
When did Weiss and Cropanzano publish their work?
Is there a cure for asthma?
The grid covers the length of the island from what starting point?
What kind of asphalt pavements an cold-mix asphalt resemble?
What did Russia do between 1864-1885?
When was Jinrong a police chief in this area?
How did the First Macedonian War end?
What act allowed polytechnic schools to become universities?
What has produced a great deal of controversy?
Who was the mayor of Buenos Aires?
Who was the first President of the RSFSR?
"Of the huge amount of microorganisms, how many cause disease in otherwise healthy individuals?"
How much energy does a green light of wavelength 555 nm contain?
Where is it the most difficult to find a family doctor?
Whose rise to power in 1922 brought profounc change to the government in Italian Eritrea?
How many people on average watched season 12 of American Idol?
In what year did Notre Dame create the Office of Sustainability?
Who is the Judiciary system made up of?
How many copies of the book have been sold?
What has the KInsey scaled been praised for?
What was the movie made to inspire assembly line workers called?
Where are the semi finals played?
What is the shortened reference for the Kobylańska Catalogue?
The city has couple of sport stadium which one of them was torn down in 20th century?
When was the double indirect method invented?
At what century's start did revivalist fall into disfavor?
Who were notable modern American mandolin manufacturers?
"During the acquisition of The Times in 1981, John Collier and Bill O'Neill were part of what group that did three weeks of intensive bargaining?"
What law required that a pub offer at least one beer from a brewery it wasn't tied to?
Why do debates not have a distinct winner?
How many primary schools does the island have?
What empire was o the decline on 1375?
"AAC, mp3PRO and MP2 are all members of the same technological family as which other lossy format?"
What bible passage gave rise to certain a cappella attitudes?
What do mens sexual orientations tend be focused on?
These types of corruption can harm what?
When did Chopin receive his last Conservatory report?
What stle was the Iglesia Punta Carretas built in?
What was the name of the assassination plot against Napoleon also known as the Infernal Machine?
Which year did she adopt the name Esther?
Give three examples of target organisms of pesticides.
Which penguin breeds the furterest south of all the penguin breeds?
When did Brazil pass a new Constitution?
What is the first step in the Royal Institute's guidelines for education?
Israel is ranked 1st in the world in what?
Do Venezuelans still come to America for the same reasons as they did before?
What major award did the book receive in 1961?
What high school did Eisenhower go to?
How many marks of existence reflect Upanishadic influences?
What are small monopoles used as?
When was the state song composed?
What year did Dell come under fire from the Taiwanese Consumer Protection Commission?
What George Robey line is believed to have started the archie nickname?
What rank did Everton place in the 1997 Premiership league?
"When did ""Operation Detachment"" occur?"
What kind of plants are common on Saint Helena?
Which new trend has been associated with the Jewish Renewal movement?
What is Noriega's first name?
What could possibly lessen the cost of fixing buggy software?
How many people were gravely injured by the derailment?
What was Albert ill with?
When did people start living on the edge of the desert?
"Along with ""KTM,"" what is another nickname of Kathmandu?"
What was the political orientation of Columbia's teachers?
About how many students are in a typical Oppidan house?
What date did Tennessee become one of the United States of America?
How is the reality of maya viewed in Vedanta?
What region of Lithuania was to be turned over to the Nazis?
What relationship did Western countries continue with Estonia?
Who was elected mayor of Zagreb after the Communists won 59 parliamentary seats?
What were UN sanctions place placed on 2003?
"In 2007, when seeking attention, selection or service . What percent of Liberians had to pay a bribe?"
When did this push occur?
Tajwid describes rules for what noiseless aspect of articulating Quranic verses?
What percentage of voters preferred statehood?
What name did the record companies associate with MP3 file sharing?
Who does Beyoncé describe as lyrical and raw?
When did Europeans begin more intense studying of Arabic translations of classical works?
What is a significant alternative to MP3?
The state's economy ranks in what place in the country Mexico
What university was Landis Gores associated with?
How many U.S. Marines were killed by the time thhey reached the west coast of the island?
What information is in the Susrutasamhita of Susruta?
"PAL, SECAM, and NTSC frame rates apply to what definition televisions?"
When was the Anglo -Russia Entente signed?
What country covers treatment for tuberculosis for its citizens?
Why does Sowell believe that there is little to no incentive for the preferred minority groups to perform at their best?
What year did Vote for the Worst cease operations?
What dialect continuum does Macedonian belong to?
Judaism does not believe that Jesus is the what?
How many people in Boston use public transportation?
What type of focus did universities have at the end of the early modern period?
Who did Justus von Liebig argue with over the belief that animals get protein from plants?
What should the driver do in order to open and close the circuit breaker?
Hunting was important for the emergence of the Homo genus from what?
What title and name did Elizabeth's father take upon becoming king?
Where do the tourists for the Plum Blossom Festival come from?
What did Eisenhower do to Oppenheimer after he said that the hydrogen bomb should be delayed?
What makes mosses different from other land plants?
Who holds a republican position some consider to monarch of Britain?
What was the most losses the Luftwaffe suffered on any mission?
How many appreciation medals were destroyed by the Bureau of the Mint?
What is the aim of this?
What types of decisions would great powers reach?
Where did Gaddafi begin his military training?
When did Alexander the Great reach India?
What party was formed from the dissolved Ukrainian Helsinki Union?
"In wood from a willow tree, what would you need to use to see the tiny vessels?"
What was the main benefit from the switch to HTML5?
What is considered to be the lifeline of Guam?
How far is to the neighboring capitol of Canelones?
What is another predominant religion of Zhejiang besides Chinese folk religions and Taoist traditions?
For what was NASA searching?
What is another example of a lossless format other than Apple Lossless?
A convert generally follows which practice?
How many nations comprised the Axis powers?
What do Jehovah Witnesses consider all other present day religions to be?
"Along with Turkey, France and Italy, where did expelled Spanish Jews travel to?"
When were many of the large hotels demolished?
What were the two hit singles off of Queen's album Jazz?
What dilemma has resulted in many predatory adaptations?
What process was created by the U.S. Army that led to innovation in consumer electronics?
"Because Mohammed was ""ummi,"" what would he not have known about that lent credence to his prophethood?"
"What may a Jehovah Witnesses' refusal to serve in the natural military service result in, in some countries?"
Where were Steven Spielberg's granparents from?
In what year did Schwarzenegger and Maria Shriver separate?
What does the French constitution state for the language in Aslace?
What was the name of Ban Biao's female offspring?
Why is STOVL used by other navies?
Who interviewed Kerry in Oct 2004 about his religion?
The Muslim minority is mostly located in what city?
What is the second biggest education center in Mexico City?
What do aircraft carriers allow naval forces to accomplish?
Von Neumann's study of what preceded the discovery of DNA?
What normally followed the delivery of a child by a woman in Mary time period ?
Which two royals were part of the dynastic conflict of the 15th century?
What major factor has kept gumbe out of mainstream audiences?
What was Giovanni's mother descended from?
What was the name of this festival ?
What do some modern hunters see themselves as?
What percentage of the population identifies as Hispanic?
What label for the Greek market were artists on under the Sony umbrella?
What is the Carnival known as in countries which are mostly Lutheran?
Who were rich enough to afford multiple lovers?
What percentage of the Portuguese people are Roman Catholic?
A list of websites a user can click to get back to easy have been what by the user?
What specifics were recorded in his experiments?
"As it pertains to violent crimes against targeted groups, what is the ultimate motivation within the actions of genocide?"
Napoleon chose to focus his attention on which country that flouted his trade restrictions?
How many terrorists survived the 1972 Munich attack?
What era started when Ancient Greek cities became self-governing entities?
How much of yearly acquired asphalt is reclaimed?
What does gastric juice consist of?
The PV industry has seen drops in module prices since what year?
What was Dan DeCarlo's spooky but humorous comic aimed at kids called?
Which Iranian scientist co-invented the first gas laser?
What is an organism that grazes upon other animals?
When did Nigeria receive independence?
Where could CBC's channels need to be relocated in order to continue operating?
Who funds The Northwestern Interdisciplinary Law Review?
"What did Elizabeth's speech on 24 November, 1992 mark?"
How much did the population of the Americas decrease after first contact with the Europeans?
How many phases were there to the Armenian Genocide?
What do scholars say the preaspirated [ʰp ʰt ʰk] are too?
When was the Armenian Genocide Memorial constructed?
A fifth terminal was opened in 2008 for which UK airline?
When was the House of General Studies formed?
What was the name of the NES clone produced in Taiwan?
In this type of federation each country had its own what?
Jewish law includes which principle used to justify copyright?
How many research labs does IBM have world wide?
What is an important goal in in this final stage?
What were three midwestern hard rock bands?
What was the name of the anti-Semitic article that The Time's Chief Editor published in 1914?
What did CBC air during the NHL lockout?
What language do some of the same states specify the oath of office include?
What positions were contained within the House of Lords?
In what year was the Siege of Belgrade fought?
During what years did the wars between the Army and the Seminoles take place?
What is it called when a person's vocal cords stay open after a consonant?
Are cell walls of bacteria similar to cell walls of plants and fungi?
How deep is Suez canal?
In what month and year did Plymouth play host to the America's Cup World Series?
When a comic panel has events that are not at the same time the panel is considered to be what?
What is the name of second best basketball club in Estonia?
What is the population of Paris' metropolitan area?
Where did post-punk ram its appropriation of ideas into?
What magazine did Beyoncé write a story for about her earlier hiatus?
How many people at the last census were under 18?
Does a 6 month old have short term memory?
What is the Olympic Torch made from?
Which two members of Queen performed together at several charity concerts?
"What does he call the merging of economic, political and technological forces that drove the music industry?"
At what university was Hans Winkler employed when he created the word genome?
Who can collect taxes in Oklahoma?
What do algal bacteria if nutrients are available?
What group were considered to be at the top of the Strict Class Hierarchy?
What is the western edge of Tucson's downtown?
What fungus protects pine trees from copper toxicity?
What do hermit crabs eat?
What do a variety of industries benefit from?
The roots of what were established on Saint Helena?
What foundation did Beyoncé start after Hurricane Katrina?
What helps reduce resource usage?
How many of Ibn Sina's shorter works were said to have been created in Rey?
How are some essential genes regulated?
What phrase have some Latter-day Saints used in reference to BYU's mission as ambassador to the world for the LDS Church?
Two Boston department stores merged to form what Cincinnati based department store?
What former King was not invited to the wedding?
The polish anem and cry ritualized what?
How was support for members of the public given?
How many professional football clubs call London their home?
"Although two men developed the Auto-Sembly process, to whom was the patent officially granted?"
When was Madonna born?
What doctor did Donda West ignore the recommendation of to invest her heart condition?
"While working, does DBMS store information in one place?"
What is Rio Nuevo?
What was the primary use of Japanese submarines?
About what was the population of Boston in 2010?
"What does Hegel mean by ""object""?"
When did Boko Haram become active in Nigeria?
How many stores was Sears operating in 1940?
What does Spain's government accounts for?
What are governments called that are created with the rule of law in mind?
Which European government contributed the most to the UNFPA in 2008?
What is the most popular head dress worn?
Where was the Australian and Dutch guerilla campaign led?
What is designing as it applies to built environments?
When was the MUSE system demonstrated in the US first?
Which World Fair was hosted in San Diego in 1935?
What did Mikhail Gorbachev introduce?
"In his farewell speech, what complex did Eisenhower warn the American people of?"
"Left untreated, about how many people could contract tuberculosis from an active TB patient in a year?"
In what year were Machine-room-less elevators first allowed?
What was the first empire to unify India?
What appeared among the Slavs when their migratory movements ended?
"When did the ""P"" sound of Pretannia change to the ""B"" sound of Britannia?"
When did American Idol begin?
"What are MES-1, MES-2, AND MES-3A AND MES-3B part of?"
What year did free media outlets begin to expand?
Who were sometimes permitted to use the Archive's database?
"In 2008-2009, how was BYU ranked nationally for the number of students who go on to earn PhDs?"
What geographical portion of Connecticut is linked to New York via highway?
"Wood extractives include resin and fatty acids, terpenes, and what other component?"
Was the landing successful?
What do death penalty opponents argue that capital punishment isn't effective at doing?
Where did most Chinese men enter the US?
When was the Niger Delta Nembe Creek Oil field found?
"Unlike synthetic languages, what do Hokkien sentences not indicate?"
How many code positions were left unassigned for furture standardization?
Who did The Sun declare political endorsement of in 1997?
What island did Great Britain lose in 1756?
What year did the IASP respond to the need to create a more useful system for describing pain?
How long after a published notice of the listing may a public hearing regarding the listing be requested?
In what field is the Alexander Graham Bell Medal given out?
"What was referred to as the ""Mass Movement""?"
In what year was Coker v. Georgia decided?
How many engineering colleges are in Rajasthan?
Who stripped the previous record?
"In the last 40 years, how much has worldwide paper consumption risen?"
What was the Cathedral's name from early in the Reconquista?
What is the common term for an IFGET?
what is the alloy of copper and nickel used for?
How did Frederick protect Silesia when he went to invade Saxony?
Who first used the term Serbo-Croatian in 1824?
Which type of schooling can be most expensive?
How did chloroplast appear in first vegetation?
Who provided notable documentation of the war?
What did Napoleon's senior officers and marshals do when he suggested they march on Paris?
From where did high grade Archean rocks originate?
Does the Football Association say about the management of the Premier League?
What medal did Faisal Jeylani Aweys win in the 2013 Open World Taekwondo Challenge Cup?
Which river runs through the university's campus?
What crime increased in the Tucson area in 1877?
Which party rebelled against the administration?
"In 2001, what percent of Nigeria's population was Muslim?"
Which genre did Madonna started out in?
In what year did Universal sell its 360-acre lot to MCA?
"In what year was the stage musical My Fair Lady, set in turn-of-the-century London, made into a major motion picture?"
How many of the original Premier League players in the 1992-93 season hailed from outside the UK or Ireland?
What type of axioms were used by von Neumann in his lattice work?
Chopin's polonaise often have what kind of rhythm in their melodies?
"What combines ""grain radical"" with the ""mouth radical""?"
Who was noted for his complex improvisations?
What is the target demographic of the rhythmic oldies format?
What is one way a match can end?
What Schumann suite contained the name of a piece Schumann named for Chopin?
What caused Quaker and Methodist preachers to want to free slaves?
When did the Jewish presence dwindle in the region?
The NVA was aided by military and financial aid from what two countries?
Which country lies on Congo's northwest border?
Why is adding two characters at the ned of a line problemsome?
When did Microsoft release the beta version of Windows 8.1?
Morphine was named after what Greek god?
How high can compression rates go?
What senator did Kerry investigate in 1978?
Who wrote the Ordinances of 1541?
What percentage of the European population consisted of monks?
What are often called psychoacoustic models?
LED lighting is the end result of what phenomenon?
What Iranian nationalized industry has been noncompetitive and managed badly?
Where in the bulb is evaporated tungsten deposited when a vacuum is used?
The Big Bang model is solidly established in what?
How did Chavez affect the Venezuelans?
Where are the Athabasca oil sands located?
What was Serbo-Croatian the official language for in the 20th century?
What type of snakes are common in Gash Barka?
On what dates did Seattle experience a snow event of 6 feet?
When did Ptolemy declare himself King Ptolemy I?
In what community is the Miami Herald currently located?
What characteristic determined the proportions of the bricks?
the east india company changed how it did business by moving from  focusing on royal patronage to what type of business?
Who was the leader of the American Idol band in season five?
South Slavic people consist of which nationalities?
"To indicate something is feasible in Polish, what word could be used?"
What was the RSFSR government called starting in 1946?
Who raised Victoria?
Who founded the first Baptist group in what is now the United States?
What case was the concept relevant?
Which singer did an ad for the LD-700 player in 1984?
For both men and women average life expectancy is how many years?
When was The Unknown Warrior buried?
"Many insects are able to see visible light, ultraviolet, and what other kind of light?"
What were two of Dick Dale's better known songs?
Where was the new Liverpool FC stadium located in 1879?
What is the Marshall Islands often threatened with?
What does Augustine call time in Confessions 11.26?
Agriculture varies across the state because of the variation in what?
What rank does Greece hold for the condition of mothers and new born babies?
On what peninsula is Greece located?
When did the UN recommend the Partition Plan?
About how many birds are released onto shooting estates every year in the UK?
"After fleeing France, where did Louis XVIII go?"
Where did Nigeria's 2012 GDP rank?
CBC was eclusive carrier of what other sport during the 2004-2005 season?
Who was expelled from Valencia after James I's victory?
What particular pollutant was Schwarzenegger addressing with his 2006 executive order?
In 1961 IBM's nondiscrimination policy was expanded to include what?
In what year was Tito reelected president of Yugoslavia for the sixth time?
What do some people think we need more of to prevent for-profit providers of TB treatment from over-prescribing?
In what year was the tantalum light filament invented?
Religious Ashkenazi Jews living in Israel follow the authority of whom in certain matters?
Who descended from Romance-speaking Vlachs?
What percentage of all African-Americans identify with Baptist denominations?
What countries do most of the South American immigrants come from?
Who are the other makers from the Loar period?
The idea of culture in Europe in the 19th century reflected what during this time period?
How many workers did Dell plan to have at their Ottawa call center?
in what century was a school of polyphony established at Notre Dame?
What time period corresponds with the Mississippian cultural phase in early Tennessee history?
When was the current USAF dress uniform standardized?
When was the first typewritter with a shift key created?
What parts of society did the Reformation change?
What kind of phonemes are soft sounds?
What feature makes the Marshalls susceptible to harm due to rising sea levels?
Which state became the most important to secure Bush's presidential election?
What instruments were used to make music by the Central Americans?
Lighting targets hidden by haze had to be done without what?
What is a cause of death to birds during migration?
What gaming tables can often be found in pubs?
What club has Arsenal have an increased rivalry since the 1980s?
Where do most in air collisions occur?
What temperature is needed for steam to react with methane?
Was there someone else that was preferred as Bishop?
How many Africans were shipped to the US between 1492 to 1888?
What portion of Europe's territory is inhabited by Slavic-speaking communities?
Who did Bell invent the cord-free phone with?
What number was Beyoncé on the Top 20 Hot 100 Songwriters list?
When did the Church of England separate from the Roman Catholic Church?
When did the colonies collectively become a part of the Commonwealth  of Australia?
Fuel asked Chris Daughtry to become what?
Who did the pope appoint Bishop
What Warner Brothers films were available in 16:9 aspect ratio Squeeze LDs?
What score must an airman get on the US Air Force Fitness test to be able to opt out of one of the mandatory twice a year retests?
How much was allocated?
What political party has the most members in Oklahoma?
How often does The Christian Science monitor publish their magazine?
What was the reaction of the crowd to the Everton replacement theme songs in 1994?
What other name does the North Carolina Road share with Daniel Boone's passage through the Cumberland Gap?
What animal does legend say Bern is named after?
"Whose method based knowledge on experiementation, which had to be witnessed?"
What is the maximum percentage of seats a single party can control?
What was the new term for believers of Humanism philosophy?
When did Kanye debut his second effort in the fashion world?
Nigeria was under military rule for how long?
What compromises mainly preventative measures?
What schools had the biggest impact on the rising literacy rates in the Caliphate?
What do crickets do in order to attract or repel a mate?
Who did the Lines of Communication wall fail to prevent from coming into London?
"What film festival did Kanye West premier a film called ""Cruel Summer""?"
What state declared its intention to withdraw from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights?
In what language were the Vedas ?
What percentage of kids in the whole world get the BCG vaccine?
What did President Clinton claim would not be enough to give everyone in American equality?
Who threw a surprise pickoff attempt to third baseman Ron Santo?
Why does the mRNA match the sequence of the gene's DNA coding strand?
Which month is the driest?
What does NBS stand for?
"When eth is replaced, what is it replaced by?"
What is the causative spirochete of syphilis?
Which country prefers a bass turnover setting of 250-300 Hz?
Who maintains a standard of grouping for naming purposes?
When was WKY granted a federal license?
What really helped to launch synthpop?
What signified the end of Operation Killer?
When did Madonna perform at the Hope for Haiti Now?
Camillo di Cavour sent how many troops to aid the French and British forces?
Where is there a deep water berth available on Tuvalu?
Elements in a half wave dipole and on an identical axis are said to be what?
An insect recalling a specific location for up to a year is called what?
Electricity production is expected to increase by what percentage each year for the next 25 years?
Nusach Ari is used by whom?
When did New York City annex Kingsbridge?
What is a common opinion about men wearing women's clothing?
What is the ratio of human/bacteria cells in human flora?
Who stated that they did not want to cause damage to the Internet Archive?
What is the only known gateway between Twilight Realm & Hyrule?
What first-ever game did Northwestern host in 1939?
When was Brazil colonized?
When did The Partyja BDF start?
What was the ethnicity of Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling?
What month did Kelly Clarkson win?
During Prohibition how high was Nucky Johnson's income?
On what day were nine people killed in the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church?
When did Shunzhi's death?
Who were the three prominent families during the rise of the warrior classes?
How did the US react to these discoveries?
How old was Victoria when she was introduced to Albert?
Who did the Greek basketball team beat in the 2006 FIBA World Championship?
Who won the first and second cups?
"Boston was overtaken by Salem, Massachusetts in what type of trade?"
When was the Arab-Israeli War launched?
Who was Chanakya?
What did a study claim about the beliefs of faculty members on increased diversity?
Silkworms are used by humans for producing what?
Who led the final Greek resistance?
What demographic do hot AC stations featuring more pop and alternative rock focus on?
How long after Digimon Fusion was a new series announced?
In what year did Turner Classic Movies appear on Canadian cable television?
What did Romans use as decorations for their winter solstice celebration called Saturnalia?
The Iranian Parliament lets who exploit mines without guidance from the Department of the Environment?
Bermuda is closest (in nautical miles) to which US state?
How is asthma classified?
What are the two most prominent theatres in Nanjing?
"What are MES-1, MES-2, AND MES-3A AND MES-3B part of?"
What is the variance in bitumen content rock asphalt?
From which language did the Tsakonian language derive?
The Erector Square complex is a gallery that is located where?
Due to the danger the Captian Every put the trading abiliy of East India Company what  Act would he never qualify for that other pirate were later offered?
Who did BMG partner with in 2005-2007?
Where has transnational policing become more important?
What element made Oasis unique among 1990s Britpop bands?
Which two companies provide internet and data transport to Alaska?
What sort of conservative was Eisenhower?
How many coconuts are required to produce 1 liter of coconut oil?
What was the governing position limited to?
Southampton was important to transit between Winchester and what other region in England in the 11th century?
Which prominent journalist was victim of the killings?
The Han court replaced several kings with members of what royal family?
What is the Forney Library dedicated to?
What is the wettest season in Charleston?
Which system used a pair of trackers?
What is the best means of estimating the historical growth of character inventory?
When did the First Aliyah begin?
Charged ions can be used to produce what in glass?
How many people from the pre-election meeting in Lviv were detained?
How many terrestrial species died during the extinction?
What did the instituting of these policies lead to?
Who is the current mayor?
What type of connection does Tri-Band 3G offer its customers?
What did the foundation announce in 2011
What was the population of Alsace in 1790?
Why were they striking?
In what year did Montini visit the United States?
"Atomically, glass is similar to what?"
Who commanded the soldiers sent by Camillo di Cavour?
What is the protection of information systems?
What are three problems of the immune system studied by clinical immunology?
What type of synthesis occurs in the 5'→3' direction?
What is the Foothills east of?
People with dogs do what more than people who have cats or no pets?
With which artist does Kanye tie with for reaching the top of the annual Pazz & Jop Critic Poll?
Who spoke against Victoria at the rally in Trafalgar Square?
Who developed Transformator in 1958?
What is the second thing that caused many of the birds of Norfolk Island to become extinct?
At what point in its existence was the Lutheran manuscript destroyed?
Whose scholarship on the concept of proof in the Quran does Guessoum cite?
Who remarked about Alexander Pope playing Homer on a flageolet?
How many crew were with Kerry?
How does Alaska's per capita personal income rank against other states?
Who filed the lawsuits against the Universities?
What movie was made about Avicenna's younger years?
Where did some of the other early forms of calendars originate?
Did Ferdinand permanently occupy France?
What are two of the top spiritual destination that Myanmar offers ?
How many Czechs spoke Moravian as their first language as of 2011?
"How does the 2009 Human Development Report refer to countries that rank ""very high""?"
What were the two scales defined as?
What was Schwarzenegger's mother's maiden name?
What the nation's canonical folk songs known as?
Where is First Place located?
What was a full chest armor called?
Where are the provinces of Lleida and Tarragona?
What principle did John's predecessors use?
What is the history of arts and humanities called?
Who was one of the few female Hollywood directors in this era?
What did Glencore admit to with regards to child labor?
Who assumed ownership of the Cubs after Hulbert died?
"What state's law requires that capital punishment occur ""within the walls"" of a penitentiary?"
How is the circuit of the third rail divided?
What occurs between the second and third parts of the education process prescribed by the Royal Institute?
Where did Hume say people's ideas come from?
Russian victories against which countries increased British fears?
What year was Watchman completed?
Who was Maria's mother?
What aerospace companies exist in Portugal?
Who believed Britain was following a strategy when trying to destroy Russian Navy?
What does the term gemmule describe?
Which offshoot had little in common with Cubism?
What is Norbulingka?
What is the most popular variety of bariis?
What Realist novel did Ahmed Midhat Efendi write in 1881?
When did human rights for Aboriginal people begin to improve?
Who succeeded Newt Gingrich as Speaker?
When did the attack on Pearl Harbor occur?
What officer rotation doctrine was developed under Root's guidance?
What table-based version of soccer is an increasingly popular pub game?
Where did the Nazi and Russian leaders meet to discuss what to do with Poland?
What was the name of the Chickamauga leader's cousin who helped settlers escape his raids?
How has the media perceive most of these changes to the Downtown area?
What was the name of the Marshall Islands ship seized by Iran?
What did a priest do to Tito as a child when he had difficulty removing the priest's vestments?
What exemption was removed from Windows 8.1?
"In modern times, from which year have children attended school in Galician?"
What was an example of a battle that might lend itself to a pub name?
Who is the director of the curator of Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum?
Where did the first federal council of Rus take place in 1097?
What country underwent a political coup that made it part of the Third Reich?
What are the two major variants of Serbo-Croatian?
What was the revival of Georgian style in twentieth century United States called?
What year was Guinea-Bissau declared independent?
Which measurement did Al-Battani improve upon?
What mountains does that region include?
Which part of the brain does short-term memory seem to rely on?
What is the legislative branch of Bermuda modeled after?
When did Pioneer release the LD-700?
What character in Czech only exists in loanwords?
What else has led to the Chamorro find it hard to keep their culture that involves it's children?
What navigator discovered the island?
Has any club won both in a same season?
"What city in Montana has over 100,000 people?"
"Along with Germany and Austria, where was Deutsche Universal-Film AG at one time based?"
Who designed the Gehry Tower?
How do birds store energy?
At what time in the middle of the night was the diplomat summoned?
What term does Popper use that roughly means verisimilitude?
How do polytheistic religions view sex by God or gods?
When did the Delhi Sultanate decline in its rule of northern India?
Where did British-French warships enter on May 12th 1855?
What is most often triggered by temperature changes?
What term describes the overall US strategy in the Pacific in WWII?
On what material did the phonautograph operate?
What are the names of two researchers who divided neolithic chronology into five periods?
What is a common opinion about men wearing women's clothing?
What city did the Sea Wolves move to?
What ruler was dissolved after the Indian Rebellion in 1857?
"In addition to printed graphic novels in stores, what became popular online?"
Where were the Winter Olympics held in 1936?
What kind of service is Tidal?
Which French station has refused to adopt a 24 hour schedule?
Who occupied Korea south of the 38th parallel?
What current affects the environment of Saint Helena?
What does Primark produce?
How much money did Comcast offer for this company?
What percentage of New Haven's population is comprised by individuals identifying as White?
What day is he celebrated in the Eastern Orthodox Church?
What empire did Justinian preside over?
What new territory was aquired in 1814?
What was the benefit of being a Vestal?
What have Western corporations penetrated?
What is the kitab al-Shifa?
How many counties are part of Nashville's metropolitan area?
Where did Eisenhower claim he would end the war?
When did Darwin's concept of evolution become widely believed and central to the modern theory of evolution?
What was the aim of the City and Guilds College when it was founded?
What group was notably persecuted after the Roman Empire converted to Christianity?
What nickname did George H.W. Bush give to Schwarzenegger?
The three gospels speak of the presence of which priests?
When was Aavik's dictionary published?
What was the specialty of great Pietho and what is famous for ?
What type of aircraft is used to deliver troops and weapons to military operations?
When did formal colonization of the Congo River delta begin?
"When a person shapes a dog to conform to his expectations of behavior, it is called what?"
What does Tablados mean?
What Arab State lied between the Sinai Peninsula and the Arabian Peninsula?
Most entities do not have what?
What aroused the indignation of the entire Christian world?
Before 1919 what were the German states called?
What did the claims of officials imply about the nature of the individuals?
"When DNA has different markers, how it that presented in plants?"
What book is considered to be the source of many Orthodox beliefs regarding Mary?
When does Seattle get it lowest levels of precipitation?
What were the names of the three buildings constructed after Busch Hall?
Who was Claude R Kirk
what does CANSOFCOM stand for?
"The term ""modern"" was derived from what Latin adverb?"
Who established Lane Crawford?
What did the Eder-Hecht device measure?
Insects use sound and what other means for communication?
What early philosopher proposed Dvaitadvaita?
What was the name of Sand's book where the main characters can be interpreted as Sand and Chopin?
"Ṣalībī comes from the word ṣalīb, which means what?"
What type of crop was rice considered to be during this period?
When did the Larsen-B ice shelf collapse?
What is the maximum for floor events?
During what years did the Serbian Revolution occur?
A DBMS consists of what?
What was the horizontal slippage in the Beichuan Fault at the epicenter?
How many Armenians speak Russian actively?
"Before 20th century, what was the form of public transportation in the city?"
Gladstone resigned after what was defeted?
When was the BYU Jerusalem Center reopened for students following it's closure in 2000?
"Along with the early modern and ancient, during what period did Somali architecture exist?"
What do Russian carriers include for launching lightly loaded conventional fighters?
Who is the Labour and Social Welfare Minister?
Who were the people that were power political and economic force in Victoria in 1845?
Who is usually included in stories?
"In 2011, what school was built on Roosevelt Island?"
Where is Mount Tangjia?
What far-reaching result do scientists think has come about from symbiosis with bacteria?
"Who is sometimes considered the first funcioning ""Minority Leader?"""
What causes the timing of migration?
"How many hours of real-time battery life did the 5th-generation iPod test at, compared to its advertised 14 hours?"
What does USAAC stand for?
Where did the White Stockings play their home games?
What started with the Industrial Revolution?
What was positivism called after it was revived?
"For what was ""Evangel from Reims"" named?"
Who ultimately defeated Seleucid Anatolia?
When did Sudan receive independence?
What was one of the defining ideological movements of the Twentieth Century?
Who manages the water storage and supply for Melbourne?
How did styles disseminate before Georgian architecture?
"Who joined the finalists, making it a Top 25?"
Around what time did Lobund of Notre Dame become independent?
What was the typical range that Prussian guns could fire?
Where does the name opisthokonts come from?
How many Tibetan troops died at the Massacre of Chumik Shenko?
What does the of toxin Clostridium tetani releases do?
What event made war planning difficult in this period?
Who had the fewest number of troops in Korea?
From where does the phrase humanist originate?
When did many alpine countries develop heavy protection to prevent new invasion?
What is the definition of a Personnel Recovery mission?
What did the movements in Bengal serve to awaken in Indians?
What was Admiral Flota Sovetskovo Soyuza Kuznetsov renamed?
What 3 US organizations have called for the banning of antibiotics in the production of food animals?
"In April 1795, what military organization was Napoleon assigned to?"
Whio was Equerry Frederick Ponsonby's father?
What did some Mozni regard themselves with?
"What two women were said to be obsessed by ""mania?"""
When did the Estonian Independent Signal Battalion face off against the Soviets?
After resigning where did Stratford Canning sail off to?
Why did Gladstone resign in 1885?
What is the highest of the most important passes of the Alps?
Are early or late maturing girls more exposed to alcohol and drug abuse?
How many contestants from this season reached platinum album status?
"What does the Indian word ""shikaris"" mean in English?"
Which people arrived in the British Isles when the Roman Empire's power was diminishing?
What was the profession of most of the settlers in the Province of Carolina?
How many plant species does Brazil's Atlantic Forest contain?
Where are Slavic speaking groups generally found?
"What airlines was award the ""Best regional airline in Europe"" award by Skytrax?"
Who put down the rebellions?
Henry II wanted to secure the southern borders of what?
How much value did a Spanish milled dollar have in relation to Spanish units of currency?
What type of worldview did New York's no wave movement tend to have?
What is another name for solutes?
What was the name of the non-subscription Xbox online gaming service?
In what year did Alcuin die?
What is the name of the second largest bank found in Connecticut?
How many insititutions comprise the Association of American Universities' membership?
What does warren Buffet stipulate his berkshire hathaway  shares be used for in the 10 year period after his death
What was the critical lesson Air Staff ignored?
"When Andreessen left the company he worked for, what new company did he start?"
What subtype of clitellates contains earthworms?
An example of a more specific genocidal crime of which one could be accused was what?
What city did Nasser want to keep the French and British out of?
"What would customers notice about the sound of the new, improved cooling system?"
What species had evolved after  the extinction and would become the basic predator in the Triassic?
What risk is assumed when the ECB purchases bonds from weaker states?
When did Madonna embark on the Rebel Heart Tour?
Who ended up with the 200 letters from Sand to Chopin?
What was the new name given to the Russian SFSR after the resignation of Gorbachev?
When was the construction of Wells Cathedral in England begun?
What sector of economy was plagued by terrorism attacks?
What was the main type of oil painting painted by Eisenhower?
What is it called when multiple different alleles for a gene are present in a species's population?
What type of ship was the liburna?
Where are agents sent to become FBI Special Agents?
"By 2015, how much did Dell slate to reduce its emissions?"
Who were liberators of oppressed Balkan states?
What type of powers were granted to Pompey by the senate?
What is probably the reason there are so many unique plants in Karoo?
Where did British-French warships enter on May 12th 1855?
Who battled in the cold war?
Why are some parts of the body covered?
What was the concept for 'Interstellar'?
Which companies did Nintendo try to get to make a CD add-on for the SNES?
What causes Streptococci?
What did people gather to observe on December 10th?
What is another name for Scout's pink cotton penitentiary?
When was the Assumption dogmatically define by the Catholic Church?
Blacks were the majority in South Carolina until what year?
When was the one-drop rule in effect?
What public area in New Haven was named a National Historic Landmark in 1970?
How large are the Bronx Museum of the Arts' galleries?
What was the population of Detroit in 2010?
What is the meaning behind the Muslim concept of tawhid?
50% of tuberculosis-infected people died within 5 years where?
What portion of the government was eventually separated from government participation?
For what are leaves used?
To the edge of what empire did Osman I push Turkish settlements?
"Of the five countries with the greatest use of Czech, which country had the lowest percent of use?"
Who tried to assassinate Queen Victoria while she was pregnant with her first child?
What is the second empires?
"Without Whitehead's proposed purpose, life would be what?"
When did President Johnson award him?
What did Galicians call the Vikings?
Queen performed several sold out shows at what US venue?
What is ab example of a gender marked adjective?
Who discovered the planet Uranus?
Poppers notion of verisimilitude leaves no place for which kind of probabilities in the evaluation of scientific hypotheses?
What conditions are more likely to cause Exercise-induced bronchoconstriction?
"Who believed that behind the appearance of things, there was a permanent principle of mathematics?"
What year did oil price spikes in Iran lead to inflation?
What is the process of producing a biologically functional molecule of either RNA or protein called?
What was Living Black about?
When did Barcelona become the first Spanish team to win the treble competitions?
When was Washington University ranked #1 for quality of life?
When did the Dust Bowl begin?
"When did anthropologists stop looking for cultures far away and instead began to ""look across the tracks""?"
The plant in what US state still remains in operation?
What are the two former Presbyterian congregations in England?
What did the group at the Bells house hear other people doing?
The closing of what plant in 20147 caused a major loss to the automobile industry?
What relies on the idea humans can be divided into biologically distinct races?
What must an infectious agent do to cause disease?
When did Holmes die?
What is the general consensus of the axioms and inference rules declared in Principia Mathematica?
Which company runs NBC Universal?
When did the Reconstruction Era end?
What infection has a very small prevalence in Guinea-Bissau?
How many of Andrew Johnson's veto's were over turned by Congress
How big is Carter Finley Stadium?
Why is New Mexico always an after thought in American -Spanish speaking society?
What world event caused the end of Claridge's company?
"In contrast to Gray, which theory did Popper argue was at least equally consistent with Newton's on the available evidence?"
When did Tajiks start being part of the Soviet Army?
Where did the French attack in 1762?
Which weaponry research did Feynman engage in?
How many suites does the Sheraton have?
Where were hospices established?
Before what year did studies on the Somali language exist?
How many hamaynkner does Armenia have?
What is the home ground of the Richmond Kickers?
What are the two mapping methods that Unicode defines?
Who used the term anthropology to describe the natural history of man?
How many years old were the Quran fragments discovered in Birmingham in 2015?
On what date was Spectre first shown for general audiences?
What were the two western towers built from?
What is the portion of something that is reached by the radio transmission called?
"Besides Aves, what group contains the only living representatives of the reptile clade Archosauria?"
When did the downward trend of the English Football start to turn around?
"The volume ""Credit Correlation: Life After Copulas"" summarizes a 2006 conference held by what firm in London?"
When did Americans really begin to establish their own laws independent of the English?
How much did China National Petroleum and Sinopec donate?
Which group is more likely to support DST: urban workers or rural farmers?
What is the most efficient means of transportation into and out of Alaska?
What did the CD evolve from?
What two regions does Sampel cite as examples of the influence of canon law?
In 2011 what was Arsenal's estimated fan base?
In what year did the original 500 Puritan settlers arrive in the New Haven harbor area?
For how many years was American Idol the top rated show on television?
What type financial instruments are off-balance sheet securitization and derivatives?
What are the two hallmarks of the Swiss political system?
What is the result of using AC power on a DC motor?
"In the aftermath of the Austro-Prussian war, formed what group?"
What type of stimuli do nociceptors response to?
How much did the studen body of BYU increase under the term of Pres. Ernest L. Wilkinson to become the largest private school at the time?
How many seats did MESAN win?
How many were killed in the bombing of the Thames Estuary?
What property of wood has a correlation to its density?
How much of the population left after 1950?
What diseases can have a major imact on memory?
What is an important plural alternation?
Why are annelids' segments like water-balloons?
When did Le Corbusier live and write?
Where is there a non-religious majority?
Recent discoveries in what country demonstrate many small theropod feathered dinosaurs.
How were these stores different than most during that time?
The formation of the Triple Entente and the Triple Alliance partly caused what?
What term was common before biological diversity?
"Under the rule of King Dom Carlos I, on what two days was Portugal declared bankrupt?"
What time are Chopin's polonaises written in?
In what neighborhood is Miami City Hall located?
On what date was the arena football test game played?
What are the three levels of road classification in Eritrea?
Is it possible for a bilateral treaty to have more than two parties?
What was the result of the police officer killing?
Which century signalled the end of the Spanish dollar?
What branch of Christianity does the Angican Communion fall under?
What do Jehovah Witnesses believe is true of their religion and their religion alone?
What does the symbol P represent?
What concept did Tarski introduce to discuss the conditions for the truth of statements?
What did Mao's assistance allow North Korea to accelerate?
How many tons of waste are recycled at Northwestern yearly?
Why shouldn't zinc be given alone to those with several deficiencies?
What percentage of New York private sector jobs are in the securities industry?
What borough has the largest population of ethnic Albanians?
"Along with Qatar and France, what nation helped to train the NTC?"
During what year did Tito become increasingly ill?
What type of engine did GE bring to market as part of its Ecoimagination project?
Where did the National Sports Museum reopen in 2008?
The Asian Games were most recently held in New Delhi in what year?
What is the most commonly seen species?
What is the illusion given by these effects?
Who then succeeded George?
"According to Heidegger, what can we do, in our thoughts?"
Napoleon III belived he would win the Astro-Prussian war and win a conflict with what country?
Where do foreign heads of stay usually stay in Buckingham Palace?
"Between 1974 and 2010, how did the Portuguese government encourage over-expenditure and investment bubbles?"
What loyalists did Nasser target?
Who is the Judiciary system made up of?
Interstate 26 begins on what part of Charleston?
What did the Council of Nicaea decide about Arianism?
A 2013 study estimates that what percentage of Ashkenazi maternal ancestry comes from women of undetermined origins?
What name may refer both to Balts and Slavs?
Which airline offers in-state travel with jet-service?
What is one of the earliest surviving records that mention the name British Isles?
"Rather than cells, in humoral immunology where did the molecules that cause immune response reside?"
Composers and musicians began to construct lives independent of what in the 19th century?
Were all residents counted together or separately?
Who reigned during the most affluent period of Bourbon rule?
Which TV film Spielberg directed played off 'The Exorcist'?
Why has Palermo's population declined from 2001 to 2010?
How much did SCA pay for CBS Records?
In what form is the information or content sent in a simple model?
Why was King George VI's personal assent in 1939 noteworthy?
Which two title holders fought for political power in the early 1990s?
The gardens of New Delhi are particularly stunning in which season?
What technique can be used to produce images of internal abnormalities?
whats is another name for polish landed gentry?
What role did Thailand play in the war?
Why did Gaddafi select these men as RCC members?
Who implemented reforms to reduce the Fujiwara's influence on government?
WHen did Jan Zamoyski. die?
What year was the Canal de la Bruche added?
Are all of New Haven's smaller stream active through all four seasons?
What is a comon epithet of Apollo as a healer?
How many times was the release date for Kanye's first album pushed back?
When was Northern Rock taken into public hands?
What did Pliny the Elder observe about diamonds?
What is the term for constantly changing physical and mental parts?
What is the large art school in Mexico City?
In what year could Nepal be said to have been discovered by the outside world?
"What Fred Astaire film depicts the reported history of New Haven theaters as ""tryouts"" for Broadway?"
"When Greece entered World War I, on whose side did they fight?"
What kind of game is Formula One Championship Edition?
Who was his deputy?
Who is the famous comic strip author of Doonesbury that attended Yale University in New Haven?
Who opened some of the first department stores in the Philippines?
During what season does the emperor penguin breed?
What is the current usually beng put into it or pulled out of?
Were any of the railways  electrified
What was responsible for maintaining the separation between the gorillas and humans?
Whose thoughts were impacted by Montesquieu's philosophy?
What accomplishment in early HDTV did Japan have?
A stepper system's motor is relied on to not do what?
What does MYS stand for?
When were the problems of the earth and heredity resolved?
Who advises the Chief of the Defence?
What is the name of a large facility run by the IMSS in Mexico City?
During what time period did the Qing dynasty rule?
What could a criminal in this era expect not to happen if he was convicted of a crime?
What prevented the departure of the planned 1205 expedition?
What is the driving force behind voluntary green electricity within the EU?
When did the KMT move back to Nanjing?
What song did Kanye record about his experience with what happened after the wreck?
"What organization did Montini, Maglione and Tardini belong to?"
Who provided the contradictory  population numbers for Greeks abroad ?
Jehovah Witnesses will allow what in the event of extreme physical abuse or absolute endangerment of spirituality?
Who was Michael Mak Kwok-fung?
How many Buddists are outside of Asia?
What was the purpose of the Bethe-Feynman formula?
What is one way that vegetarians and vegans obtain zinc?
What was the largest brewing company in the world in 2015?
Tito was awarded the Queen of where?
How long has Tucson's water conservation efforts been underway?
What is one of the Ten Meritorious Deeds of Buddhism?
What is said to be a special spiritual problem?
What other sports does Kerry participate in?
Did the Taylor Report on stadiums safety standards propose expensive upgrades to stadiums?
What describes the state of the action of the verb at the time specified by its tense?
Intraguild species consumer other species within?
Where do pipes correspond?
What are the two main religions?
What club was granted royal patronage?
What type of people did Trinity College Dublin not allow to earn degrees there?
What is the reason the northern fringe receives more   cloudiness and rainfall?
What became the main source of Bermuda's economy in the 1970's?
What is the southern most continent?
Is Burma now a democratic nation?
What is the current spectator seating capacity of Twickenham Stadium?
For how many months did the night raids continue for?
Rove beetle Stenus emit what type of gland secretions?
"In Max Schoop's method, what was used to create the flame-sprayed pattern on the board?"
What is the heat generated from a Concentrating Solar Power system used for?
What did Montini take charge of responding to on behalf of Pius XII?
What percentage of the 25-34 Cyprus population has tertiary education?
How can electric power plant become more power efficient?
What was encouraged through Infitah?
Who is the Chief Minister of Norfolk Island?
Which contestant garnered the most attention because of a prior recording contract?
"Who lead the Persians into a coalition with the Medes, Babylon, Scythians, and Cimmerians to fight against the Assyrians?"
The Two highest advertising agencies in the world located in NYC are called what?
Who advanced Greek Science?
How many countries contain glaciers?
What can happen if species immigrate to a new location?
"An imbalance in sex hormones, tissue responsiveness, or obesity can cause what in boys?"
"Aside from increased perspiration, what is a physiological change related to emotions?"
What is the name of a common alloy?
What are forensic anthropologists very good at identifying?
What governs the ECB?
What program is being installed in madrasahs in Singapore?
"In what year did the National Assembly support a crucial bill about ""self Management""?"
Who was the model for Humboldtian science?
How much of the Bronx speaks French at home?
What influences water evaporation on leaves?
What happened in 1923 that required repairs to many of the city's engineering works?
What counted for more of the population change?
How many pages was Principia Mathematica?
Who supported Darwin's theories on evolution despite it having little impact on his own research?
What company runs the University of Kansas's bookstore?
Which law established Ireland's police?
What was the orginal name for Northwestern's Ryan Field?
What is the down feathers of geese most commonly used for ?
What has zinc replaced in pipe organs?
Who refused to meet on continental United States?
What is the time limit for completing an Endangered Species Recovery Plan?
Who won the great battle of Raphia?
On what did a 2009 study conclude that increased insects were dependent?
What is the hierarchy of the Canadian Armed Forces?
When did external digestion develop?
Chopin's Polish dance music was developed for what type of hall?
Where was the first figure skating championship held?
"What year did Dell begin production in the Lodz, Poland facility?"
Who did Northwestern merge with in 1873?
How many overall viewers did the first show of the season generate?
What is the most widely known event in Swazi culture?
What can be seen as of essential importance to a practiced of humanism?
When did work begin on the 105 mm static mounting AA gun?
Who was offended by Clinton being referred to as black?
How many children were protected from death
"Who was targeted for defrauding the electoral process, in Ohio?"
What are exhibition games in the Olympics?
"After firing the director, what did Barcelona form?"
Who was the 'father of Armenian history'?
What was one of two factors that led von Bredow's narrow success on the battlefield?
"Which crime costs over one trillion U.S. dollars every year, world-wide?"
What district is Midtown north of?
What city was captured from the Venetians in 1387?
In what year did the Carolingians take over Neustria?
What was promised by Buda King Casimer?
When were the Sana'a manuscripts probably written?
After 1573 who could become a polish-lithuanian monarch?
Since what year have the Houston Rockets been a Houston team?
What became the dominant form of business organization?
What type of annelid tunnels through coral?
What condition was Napoleon's body in when it was moved in 1840?
How important do NPOs consider hiring?
When did the Crown take over the island?
How many employees lost jobs when Dell closed their call center?
The Luftwaffe lost what percentage of its bombers sent that day?
Where do colder areas occur within southern Europe?
What was the designation name of the Sperry device in the US?
The name of New Haven harbor?
"Which group became extinct after living in the region for about 12,000 years?"
Planck studied what problem posed originally by Kirchhoff?
"Who described Guinea-Bissau as being at risk for becoming a ""narco-state""?"
What method did Ibn Sina introduce?
Are there any other areas of America Venezuelans settled in?
How important is Jesus' death to modern theology?
What genre of music was soft rock descended from?
What is another example of a Gothic style element that was able to be incorporated because of technological innovation?
As a return to what did Augustus portray the Vestals in his reforms?
What is the Great Depression?
Why are the Marshall Islands the most endangered nation on Earth?
"In all cases, both host-to-device and device-to-host configurations are what?"
What happened when the  Maratha Army lost the third battle of Panipat?
What clans were most regional clans' chiefs also a member of?
How much was the German population reduced during the Thirty Years' War?
How many square miles is the island of Iwo Jima?
What did Ehrenstein say Obama does for white people?
Why is adding two characters at the ned of a line problemsome?
In what way can Neutral triatomic hydrogen exist?
What was the percentage increase in the Broadway ticket revenue from 2012-3 to 2013-4?
what is another name for a low-surrogate code point?
In what year was Pannier Market finished?
Where do the Highland Quichuas live?
Because of the increased trade what places became the hubs of German culture?
What leader's forces occupied the barracks in Tripoli?
What other title does the Dean of Collge of Cardinals receive upon appointment?
What was John Wesley's occupation?
What part in the paintings of Matisse did color play?
Who was granted a charter to govern Saint Helena?
How long ago has circumstantial evidence has been found for the existence of angiosperms?
In what part of a nobleman's house were plays performed?
What size are the arcades of Gothic cathedrals of the Iberian Peninsula?
What scientist is most associated with the heliocentric worldview?
What was the highest order of species n land?
The Orlov Revolt took place in what year?
For how long did the Soviet Union go unrecognized?
How long is the rope?
"What year did the ruling ""only a cardinal was eligible to become pope"" come in effect?"
Which battle did Confederate General Longstreet win in East Tennessee?
How many salaried employees lived in the Paris Region in 2010?
What would be needed to support metadata and obviate the need for tags?
Who are some of the most renowned architects to come from Portugal?
What is the traditional Carnival food?
The court cast was rather popular due to which person on the case?
What area does INTIME department stores have the most influence in?
When did the expulsion of Jews from Spain and Portugal occur?
What produced a parallel revolution in political thought?
What detrimental effects are varmint species often responsible for visiting on?
Who heads the Himachal Pradesh?
What was one dynasty that provided a great atmosphere for cultural development?
"Besides offering money, what else did Comcast include in their proposal to buy Disney?"
How old was Kanye's mother when she died?
What was the nationality of Carl Lange?
What nickname are residents of Mexico given that more reflects the Spanish influence of the city?
What force might damage a PCB if large components are surface mounted?
When did the first group of people leave Norfolk Island?
Which papers did Morgan serve as editor of?
What was Beyonce's third perfume named?
What is the capital of Swaziland?
What sort of language system is phonology?
What type of clay improves the characteristics of the pulps used in papermaking?
What is Caoshu?
Which new regime appeared in the Balkan region during the Late Middle Ages?
Which oceans did the sub base provide access to?
In what year did Wigner win Nobel Prize?
"Along with Reims, where is a notable Gothic cathedral in France located?"
What was the only coin with any silver content in circulation from 1965 to 1970?
What is solar energy's yearly potential?
When was Milestone 2 divulged?
In what year was a statue dedicated to Freddie Mercury unveiled in Montreux?
What country had to wait until June of 2007 for their PS3?
What other country besides the United States became a super power after World War II?
"In terms of a beach, why might one see a red flag?"
What was the criticism of Humanism made by conservatives of the time?
Who is usually responsible for early stages of drug discovery?
Does the United Grand Lodge of England recognize Prince Hall Lodges?
How does Japanese wrestling differ?
What years were the worst mortgage loans originated?
The controversy surrounding the subject of predestination is known as what?
How long is the maximum cable length the USB 2.0 provides?
How did 19th century scholars view the Hellenistic period?
What organization is the Plymouth Borough Police a part of?
Where did Martin Luther preach a sermon on Marian devotion a month before his death?
When was Holyhead County School established?
What suggests that the commercialization of clean energy will hellp countries deal with economic malaise?
What was the Luftwaffe's second primary policy?
How long did germans have to relocate from the baltic states after the amendment of secret protocols?
Dean's admiration for internet campaigning accredited his strength as what?
Who did Paul Morley collaborate with on the Art of Noise?
How old was Queen Victoria upon her death?
"What term is interchangeable with ""sapwood""?"
How many times has Daniel Craig portrayed James Bond in films?
How many times has Crystal Palce hosted the FA cup?
As what did the Dvaita school view dualism?
What does the University of Arizona Poetry Center offer?
The Cheltenham Literature Festival is supported by what major newspaper?
What kind of role is the head of state in Westminster-based parliamentary governments?
Where was a temple dedicated to Apollo Medicus?
What was Northwestern's founding purpose in 1851?
How does the Quran describe the similarity of messages God has delivered throughout human history?
"Prior to the popularity of lethal injection, what was the preferred method of executing criminals in America?"
"During World War II, the Soviet double agent who was corresponding for The Times in Spain in the 1930s later joined what agency?"
"When was Leonardo Bruni's ""History of the Florentine People"" published?"
Who played a key role Australian mandolin movement?
What language did Muslim philosophers speak?
What is the name of the tour bus that shows off the monuments of Mexico City?
What encoding did early Macs use?
What was Antarctica presumed to be by the ancient thinkers?
What was Nasser's father's occupation?
"What musical comedy did Beyoncé star in along with Cuba Gooding, Jr. in 2003?"
What two northern Vietnamese cities did the US avoid bombing at the outset of the war?
What was the rank of the pilot of the downed U-2?
What sort of conservative was Eisenhower?
LEDs are often used for what type of systems?
Ivan Broz stated that a Dalmatian identifiying as a Serb was just as foreign as what two other ethnicities?
What is the mental health facility is located in New Haven?
Which well known performer has used Sanskrit chants in her music?
How many Plymouth residents are employed in defense?
For how long has the National Archives prohibited flash photography?
Name an example of an early stem-bird.
How many current students take Chinese courses at Eaton?
Who won several award for his Monroe influenced music?
What type of influences did Brigham Young hope to avoid with BYU?
What were Harlan and Stewart's party affiliations?
What famous speech did Patrick Henry give in Richmond?
When did Napoleon's invasion of Portugal begin?
Which of the Five-Factor Model dimensions does not demonstrate an association with drinking motives?
"Before the advent of talking pictures, what was the name of the first movie in Myanmar and when was it 's debut ?"
What does the Google Book Search project help libraries with?
How far did Jessica Sanchez make it on American Idol?
How many college football bowl championships have the Tennessee Volunteers won?
When was the oldest Paris theater founded?
What were the three offshoots of Cubism formed in France?
Who published an improved translation of On the Origin of Species in 1867?
What term did Obama want the government to stop using?
What must Link collect?
"Who said ""The mlecchas are wedded to the creations of their own fancy."""
"What are the series of events that ended centuries of prosperity in Europe, starting around 1300, known as?"
Which of the New Critics were staffed at Yale?
"Beyoncé was the second African American woman featured as a swimsuit cover on the magazine, who was first?"
What is zinc chemically close to?
During what period did the governmental monopolies become privatized once again?
What might a partially conscious wrestler do?
What plague made it to England because of all the ships visiting Southampton in the 14th century?
What is the Policia Judiciaria - PJ (Judicial Police)?
What do a variety of industries obtain benefit from?
Why are children from suburban communities more likely to participate in activies that benefit their identity?
How many years did it take Blu-ray and HD-DVD players to duplicate MUSE technology?
"After the Great Fire of 1835, what became the most widespread building materials?"
What does the foundation entity focus on
Which great lake is Northwestern located along?
How is a consociational state defined by the Constitution of 1848?
What style of gardens did Marx design?
Who was the most frequent primary payer amount children and adults?
Who gave Chopin money in the last years of his life?
What was Irina Margareta Nistor's job in Romania?
Can the antenna serve more than one fungtion at a time?
What was John Marshall's title?
There is a theory that in Greek Alpes is a name of what origin?
What ultimately caused the Qin dynasty's authority to be dissolved?
Where is LED lighting very well suited?
In what fields of science is the genome studied?
What feature does Southampton have plenty of that provides for water sports and yachting?
What made a strong economic case for investing in low carbon technologies?
How many double bass players were typically used in the Baroque orchestra?
"Along with Bing Crosby, Dean Martin, Nat King Cole, The Carpenters, Percy Faith and Andy Williams, who is an artist played on AC stations around Christmastime but not otherwise?"
When was the first written mention of immunity as it pertains to the body?
When was the British Museum in Bloomsbury founded?
What king of Macedon aided the pirate Demetrius of Pharos?
What is the Drosophila gene the cause of?
Who determines the content taught in Arabic public schools?
"Along with fishermen, what sort of Japanese people visited the Marshalls?"
What year was research completed to demonstrate humans benefited by having dogs hunt with them?
"Who authored ""Syntheism - Creating God in the Internet Age""?"
What cannot be violated because the expression is dishonest according to the new Statement on Academic Freedom?
What is another word for ligatures?
"What law did Obama cite on Sep 9, 2014?"
Who was the creator of salt water taffy?
What was the term for the liberal groups appearing at this time?
What did the TRIPS agreement accomplish?
Which new regime appeared in the Balkan region during the Late Middle Ages?
Who was Waitz influential among?
What is the most common pattern of migration in the spring?
What does a video-conference use that allows communication in live situations?
How many vehicles use the roads?
"Along with houses of dressed stone, what ancient architecture may have been influenced by Egypt?"
What new short range systems did the British naval use?
During the 2010 United States Census what percentage of Atlantic City's population was White?
What kind of connection is provided on the iPod Shuffle for both audio output and file transfer?
Which state has the lowest tax burden of the entire US?
Under what command did they serve?
What is one scheme of Quantum Dot excitation?
What does 'esperienza' mean?
When was Thomas Jefferson's Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom enacted?
What is Neptune's atmosphere primarily composed of?
Who walked out of the U.N. security meeting?
What is it called when light damages beer that is not in a can?
How many bus lines does the STIF oversee?
What was one of the first times the Supreme Court tried a case regarding nondelegation?
In which two systems can Indigenous education be used?
What counterpart of earlywood are scientists still trying to explain the formation of?
What did Katura Horton-Perinchief do?
Why have people reported zinc intoxication?
How man Armenians resided in Azerbaijan in 1970?
By how much did Dell cut it's margins when it cut its prices?
What occurs in the climatic conditions of Himachal?
What kind of influence did the British Crown have over the rest of India that was not under Company rule?
Who was the final Hindu monarch of Sindh?
What was the first consumer VLP player?
What names were used by The Sun to characterize the French and Germans?
When did the United States land forces on Okinawa?
How large was the displacement?
"In the story told by mystic Rabbi Elijah of Chelm, one of the German's family members rescued Jews in Palestine and carried them back to where in order to repay a previous favor?"
Which dynasty of Ur was the last great Sumerian renaissance?
How many Buddhists are there in 2010?
When was the shooting?
What market analyst firm said Sony could make the PlayStation 3 profitable by August 2008?
What is this union seen as
Political instability has resulted in what type of economic activity?
Where does Greenwich Mean Time marked?
Which Queen tour was the first to feature Spike Edney?
What is measuring and storing loudness of an MP3 file also known as?
The newer constitution divide power among what branches of government?
With which team did Barcelona have a 1-1 draw in the 2015-16 Copa del Rey?
Who wrote 'The Grand Concourse'?
What year was Dell's Tennessee facility opened?
"Along with quantum physics generally, what scientific doctrine caused some physicists to embrace idealism?"
In what year did Arsenal move to Holloway?
When was a Home Rule bill passed?
Who took up arms in support of Madero?
How is sensitivity shown in the ISO systems?
"What monocot plant produces ""wood"" by the same name that's often used for flooring and veneer?"
Who was elected for the Sutton and Devonport constitutency in 2015?
On what service were some shows removed as a result of issues over rights?
Why may some memory retrieval processes fail?
What country did the Laws of the Game come from?
What award did Kanye capture at the 2015 MTV VMAs?
In what SI unit is the capacitance reported on smaller capacitors?
Where was TR2 built?
What is involved with White-box testing?
What was Antonin Dvorak's New York home replaced with after it was demolished?
What effect does bronchial thermoplasty have?
What neighborhood houses the headquarters of Miami Today?
Why do motors have little space for insulation?
When was the first meteorite found in Antarctica?
Who keeps a weather station in Cork?
How did supply-side economics try to increase the amount of money in the market?
Which version of evolutionary theory is easiest to use when explaining predation as competition?
Fpr what possession of Prussia was the Saxony invasion a distraction?
What can scientists learn from the fossil record?
What resources do developed countries have better access to?
What was the benefit of 45/45 stereo sound?
What does MP3 use to format it's data?
Who led the team of lawyers and scientists who crafted the Endangered Species Act of 1973?
What is the earliest known angiosperm?
What is the average January low temperature in downtown San Diego?
What is the climate like on the summits?
In what year was Rome conquered?
What gun size was relined to take 13-pounder shells?
When was this further endorsed by the CTIA?
"If Link is not moving, where will he put the projectile he's carrying?"
"Because of the relay issues, IOC decided to no longer have what in subsequent Olympics?"
In what year did Roc-A-Fella make Kanye West known?
"As MPEG-3 had a different meaning, what was the name given to the extension of MPEG-2?"
Who mentored contestants in the fourteenth and fifteenth seasons of American Idol?
What type of social structure did the Ottoman Empire have?
"When was the Georgia Constitution amended to add Article IV, Section 10?"
When was Detroit incorporated?
What were researchers in 2011 able to use as a successful attack vector?
When did Kanye West start dating Kim Kardashian?
What are 2 metals that can be absorbed in an ultra high vacuum system?
What is one action this monarch took that is typically left to the discretion of parliament?
Who owns the Waldorf Astoria?
In what month was the second generation of the Digital Monsters Released?
What garment was worn by male gendered adults to convey their status as a citizen of Rome?
When did Shiba Yoshimasa die?
What seige did these victories lead to?
What would be the benefit of Unicode decomposing  ideographs?
What became a symbol of the Zionist reconstruction?
How many uninsured New Yorkers take advantage of HHC?
What action is made much more difficult for boards that have a conformal coating?
President Kennedy was killed when?
What controlled the traction?
What medical scientist first proposed the clonal selection theory of immunology?
What major nationalist movement has Nigeria had?
How many matches do each team play?
What is the main north-south freeway called?
What causes the specificity of base pairing?
What did the Queen commission Sir Robert Peel to do?
"In antiquity, most Jews in Gaul or Germany probably occupied what two roles?"
What history did Vavilov write about?
What are Plymouth residents commonly called?
"What Neapolitan architect created the ""Flying Chair"" elevator?"
What church uses wine to celebrate the Eucharist?
What country did Kerry visit as a student?
What was the result of their recommendation?
Which areas does the Alaska Marine Highway serve?
How many matches does each team play?
Who helped refine the measles vaccine?
What did Bell think could be collected from farm and factory byproduct?
Where does the Catalan word alfabia come from?
"If the opposite of springwood is summerwood, what's the opposite of earlywood?"
"What did Apple launch on November 14, 2003?"
Of what series in the Periodic Table of Elements is uranium a part?
The biggest changes in the brain during puberty occur in the parts of the cortex that process what kinds of information?
What is the current rating of for Burma from the  Freedom in the World report and what caused the current standing ?
What does data collected by unicef and Who show
What year was the first railway line of the company Ferrocarril Central del Uruguay inaugurated?
What novel influenced Nasser greatly?
"In what year was AT&T's ""Picturephone"" device introduced?"
Where is the data from input devices sent to after being processed?
In what century was the process of using hops to produce beer introduced to England?
What have Postcode 3000 and Melbourne 2030 aimed to do?
What complaint did Elliot have about Kerry's actions?
What country is the Premier League the most distributed televised sports broadcast?
To make the Mongol-Tibetan alliance stronger who became the 4th Dalai Lama?
Who was the founder of the New York Post?
"At the time of his house arrest, Napoleon was serving with what military entity?"
Where is the likely source of the change to the manipular formation?
What do some annelids have 'crowns' of?
Are their any mental health proffesionals that have programs to change sexual orientation?
Whose idea was it to run Apple Lisa's graphical programs on the Macintosh?
Who was elected as the Mission's first municipal magistrate?
Which train stations are within walking distance of the southern end of campus?
When did the British establish colonies in Australia?
"What decade was the pharmaceutical industry's ""golden era""?"
What does the plant use for internal processes?
What is the hypodescent rule?
Which historians referred to Iran as Persis?
Who stated that sites not on Open Directory were still being saved but would not be released until the Archive was reindexed?
What was the solution for the return current problem in Paris Metro?
"If prisoners use federal habeas corpus to present evidence that they're innocent, what must the evidence be?"
What position in Yugoslavia's government did Tito hold from 1944-63?
Who developed Arsphenamine?
Protestants describe Mary as devoted to whom?
What is the normal snowfall?
What happened to the nationalists and Marxists that had helped the Islamic ruling government to depose the Shah?
What map maker used the name Antarctica in his map of the 2nd century A.D.?
When was 720p HD support added to youtube?
What was the price of the small force along the border?
What is the Greek goddess that symbolizes copper?
What is the size of Antarctica?
What is often considered more important than the results of von Neumann's papers?
"Aside from karyotype, what are other genomic traits studied by scientists?"
How many games will each team play in the 2016 regular season?
She transmit her avant garde style to which audience?
What was King Louis XV's secret ambition for Sweden and Turkey?
A Quantum Dot LED has been used in what?
Where was Road to Serfdom more popular than it was in Britain?
What type of cell travels down the pollen tube while it's growing?
in what time period did fusion genres of house emerge?
What categories is the masculine gender in Czech divided into?
How many bathrooms does the palace have?
What is contained in the numbered articles of a treaty?
"Musical genres that gained popularity in London and elsewhere, such as dubstep, were based on and derived from what?"
What is the primary use of Compact Disc + Graphics?
Which country has a disputed area with Tibet?
What three factors impact the gyromagnetic ratio?
Who directed the first feature film in Guinea-Bissau?
How are dogs viewed in Asian countries?
How many BYU campus rooms are used for the purposes of LDS Church congregations?
Where can participant observation take an anthropologist?
When was Peirce born?
When was the fourth satellite for the BeiDou-1 system launched?
What does Universal Primary Education belong to?
Until what date was Swaziland bound by umchwasho?
What allies did Nasser meet at the Academy?
What type of current is featured in brushed DC motors?
What are non primarily gold and silver coins valuable for?
When was the Weston model 617 created?
What was the case in 1962 where the Supreme Court addressed the issue of officially sponsored school prayer?
"Who is the author of ""The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness""?"
What did the rebellion lead to
What gun did the Royal Navy start using?
What does PPE stand for?
What type of government did Nepal have after the monarchy?
What made power distribution economically viable in Edison's lamp?
Which Australian state was once known as the garden state?
How long do the routines last?
"Date Records gave rise to the group ""Peaches and Herb"" in what year?"
Who separated the neighborhoods in the early 2000's?
What was established after negotiations over San Diego between the Mexcians and Americans?
How many passengers used PortMiami in 2007?
Shell Oil Company historically had little direct involvement from what entity in the running of its American businesses?
How is Y-DNA passed along?
How many livery companies were in the meeting that founded the college?
When did Tibet become part of Qing China?
What happened to the Premier League's televsion rights after this decision?
Can a unborn child face issues with stress than can affect their future abilities?
"Along with leather, what industry uses uranium in dyes and stains?"
When did the tradition of people carrying the Olympic torch before the Olympic games begin?
"Between what years did the club hold spring training in Scottsdale, Arizona?"
Which soldiers were in high demand under the mercenary system?
How many of the Mayan glyphs had phonetic or syllabic interpretations?
Was the cup lost during that time?
What was Churchill's highest rating?
Who was modern Greece's first president?
What must a police officer recite to a suspect upon arrest/
How many Grammies has Kanye won as of 2013?
What can be used to prevent dehydration?
What is the literal meaning of tariqah?
Over what period of time did the reconstruction plan for the Somali Post cover?
What were the titles of Delaunay's paintings in 1912?
What year did Dell's enterprise revenue make up a large chunk of its profit?
Newborns are particularly susceptible to infections caused by?
When can Exclusive Jurisdiction be waived?
What invention led to advances in mathematics?
Who stated Humanism creates of people placeholder?
Who became the new manager of England's football team in May of 2012?
In what year was the second edition of The Grammar of Science published?
What do some theories believe?
Who believed that action needed to be taken to level out the social and economic playing field before natural selection could occur to improve humanity?
Where could contestants submit a video audition?
How many Protestants are there in the world?
Which disc did Reprise release in 78 rpm format?
What year did the Gorton Government stop replacing troups in Vietnam?
In what month and year did Hurricane Katrina occur?
Ibn Sina's Book of Healing was partially available in what language?
What effect did the introduction of innovative financial products have on a single mortgage?
What town was Patrick Ollier a mayor of?
How does Scout respond to the audience?
What portion of music sales did CDs and DVDs account for in the United States as of 2012?
How many troops did the Netherlands send initially?
What is a word that can be used to describe Sassou's type of government?
Hidalgo refused the use of what during his execution?
The bulk of Masonic rituals consist of what?
What did August von Hayek's father write?
In which city was the stamp officially released?
What committee did Kerry chair in 1991-1993?
What did this theological study do to set itself apart from the other groups ?
Under which Scotland Act sections is the royal assent governed?
What are the levers an author uses in literature to describe a psychological emotion?
By whom was the phonautograms patented?
How many copies of Late Registration were sold in the United States?
When did the implementers receive a Nobel Prize for making the transistor?
What do many words feature?
How many Copa del Rey trophies has Barcelona won?
What was the name of the woman she played in Obsessed?
What allowed better sounds inside the cabinet of the orthoponic phonograph?
What besides china clay is used as a filler?
Which is the tallest mountain in Sicily?
"Of all the benefits of the partnership with Fold3, what benefited the public at large the most?"
In what year did Roc-A-Fella make Kanye West known?
"How many members were in the ""presidency"" in Jajce?"
What type of instrument was somewhat standardized int eh Baroque era?
What is the refractive index of air?
Where was the Roman emperor's capital?
How long did the American troops pursue Villa?
Who was the Umayyad governor of Khurasan who was defeated by Abu Muslim?
The technology sector of work in NYC has how many employees in its service?
What was the focus of paintings in Italy?
Which Alaskan indigenous group was the fist to be exploited by Russians?
The goal of an immunologist is to study what beings?
About how many Native Americans live in Montana?
At what rate have glaciers travelled during surges?
What was Nintendo's limit on games per developer per year on the NES?
What controlled the small form tablet market at this time?
What threat was John worried about?
What is the main way that peticides perform their function?
What usually happens regarding a championship during a draw?
What happened to British Isles area when the ice melted after the last ice age?
"In 1169, Ireland was invaded by which people?"
Who decided if a student earned a law degree in undergraduate madaris?
From where is C31 broadcast?
What is the legislature composed of?
Who wrote the story of Crassus?
Who did the new owner of the Cubs sign from the Boston Red Sox?
What body governed Russia prior to the Soviet government?
From what source do Catalons think the red/blue colors originated?
On what date were the Belavezha Accords signed?
High altitude needs in Germany were going to be handled by what?
"In what case did the supreme court of California, throw away warranties and strictly impose liability for defective products?"
Where do the Kpelle reside?
On what date did Alexander speak to the Sénat conservateur?
The author's ideas would later influence what well known philosopher?
"Along with Tudor Revival, what is a common architectural style of single-family houses in New York?"
What is Israel's top literary reward?
What percentage of Estonians were ethnic in 2006?
What drug killed 100 people in 1937?
Religious Ashkenazi Jews look to the authority of the chief Ashkenazi rabbi in which matters?
How many days does the non-stop festival go?
What was introduced in 1939?
What side of the Konigssee was St. Bartholomew's chapel built?
Do young trees grow more quickly in open stands or in a closed forest?
What has cultural anthropology specifically emphasized?
What type of bomb was first developed during the Cold War?
What is found by dividing size of repetitive DNA by length of total genome?
What is another name for standard written chinese?
"In 1817, The Times paper's printer James Lawson passed his business to which family member?"
"What is the entrance of the ancient Roman tunnel where ""Virgil's tomb"" is located also called?"
In what part of India did the Tamil dynasties rule?
Who dissolved the government eventually?
When was Two Stars for Peace published?
How many engineering colleges are in Rajasthan?
Which language did the Romans introduce to Galicia?
In which year was Detroit recaptured?
Who are cast in Eton's female roles in their productions?
From where did raiders come to attack the agrarian Indians?
What type of missiles does the Charles de Gaulle carry?
What features are emphasized in adult contemporary R&B music?
What specifically was misrepresented on game products?
What did Herman Goldstone write about von NEumann?
What was the Phillipines ranked as?
What part of the Bible references the death of Jesus?
k
When did Chopin die?
What is a solution to help this problem?
What is the special marking that shows messages can be shared with these other five countries?
Who led global economic growth after the financial crisis?
Who noted the severe erosion of the mountains?
Who are some modern Portuguese authors?
"Outside of promoting diversity, was does Eastland believe the other reason to be in favor of affirmative action is?"
What was Microsoft Windows 3.0's performance comparable to?
Which towns have the highest immigrant population?
It is believed that a very warm earth would lead to more recycling of what?
In what city did the modern Pentecostal movement begin?
Which singer performed at Bell's funeral?
What process is required of each government's policies?
Where is the International Chopin Piano Competition held?
Who developed the method to get epinephrine in it's pure form?
"During the summer solstice, for how many minutes did hora tertia last for the Romans?"
"What is an example of a quantity that time is used to define, mentioned in the paragraph?"
For what battle was Houston used as an organization point ?
What is another name for the Republic of China?
What does the University of California call its campus in Mexico City?
When did Houston begin to regain its dependence on the oil industry?
What were the results of those exemption petitions?
What came after the realization that physicians should was their hands before childbirth?
How many square kilometers was Richmond at the start of the 20th century?
"After the 2003 incident, what was the next major year in which conerns were raised?"
What did internet portals remove from their home pages?
How are glass masters created?
What is Louis Binford's profession?
What kind of toilet did Bell work on?
Beyonce tied who for most number one singles by a female?
When did UNESCO make Boudhanath a World Heritage Site?
The Hungarians had thrown off Turkish rule by what year?
Who served as Eisenhower's vice president?
Where is Yingxiu located?
When was Warrington added to Lancashire?
What media source has reported this happening?
Who carries floral arrangements of penis-like veggies?
What is the name of the lighthouse that is located on the Atlantic City coast?
Which fruit does the state rank first in production?
Who was the last ruller to keep the region united?
What is the most likely outout for the common variety of pheasant ?
What is Charleston's seasonal record of snowfall?
What time periods did the Indus Valley civilization flourish?
When did the Declaration of Delhi happen?
When did Universal make Tom Mix westerns?
What annual rowing event has been happening in Cork since 2005?
"What type of action, either direct or indirect, of a state's representative by another type of party to a treaty can invalidate a state's consent?"
"Including Arsenal, how many  teams  had won the Premier League up to 2013?"
What were the most important foreign policy priorities?
Who's the current Mayor of Southampton?
What revolution made whites fearful of retribution of slaves?
What is one country that has sucessfully used IPM?
What is a uplight used for ambient lighting?
In what year was a new type of blue LED produced?
"What does ""having a gene"" or a ""good gene"" typically refer to?"
What American magazines have a footprint in Mexico City?
The counterweight runs equal to the cab weight plus what percentage of the elevator capacity?
What director win an Emmy Award for his work on American Idol?
The resurgence of traditional pop was one of the factors that led to what change in the music market?
What may be formed between the external ectoderm and an internal endoderm layers?
What is the average elevation of the south-eastern region of Rajasthan?
How many hotels are on the island?
What console was home to the sequel for The Wind Waker?
When did Napoleon's invasion of Portugal begin?
What large cat has a particular taste for dogs no matter how big the dog is?
What is Caoshu?
How much money did Spielberg spend to film Close Encounters?
What precomposed character represents the small latin e with an accent?
Who is the head of state appointed by the President of India?
Many insects are what to the environment?
Who restored communications over a period of months?
How many audience members can fit in Dolby Theatre?
I couldn't could up with another question. But i need to fill this space because I can't submit the hit.
Who were three Chicago blues players who influenced hard rock?
The Imperial War Cabinet was created by which British Prime Minister?
What does 'Praça dos Três Poderes' mean?
Which CBS correspondant graduated from The Medill School of Journalism?
what famous speech did Patrick Henry give in Richmond?
"What was Victoria like, physically?"
When did the modern usage of prime minister come into being?
In which year was the body installed?
"In parts of the country, Romani is spoken by who?"
What does the compression target in the song?
Who referred to Gaddafi as a martyr?
Does this tax exempt status apply to other taxes?
When did Bluey die?
"Which edict freed slaves across most of the Confederacy, but technically not Tennessee?"
"According to many western countries, why have Eritrean authorities detained an unknown number of people?"
What does the name Shu refer to?
What did conservative Muslim clerics accuse Gaddafi of?
In which Era was this finding most significant?
When did President Kennedy issue Executive Order 11114?
What writing mentions the Arian accusation that Athanasius was under aged?
What is the most prominent theater in Uruguay?
What positive integer is used to divide the sum of two positive integers in modular mathematics?
How many more votes did Studdard have at the finale?
"In May 2010, who scrapped British Airways's plans to add a sixth terminal and another runway?"
"Danelaw, established by the Vikings, covered what  geographical area?"
Where did project lantern open an office
"Prior to Kennedy v. Louisiana, how many states criminalized child rape?"
What percentage of Congolese citizens identify as Awakening Lutherans?
When was a Seismic Risk Analysis published?
What is the driest country in sub-Saharan Africa?
who was a professor of the University of Washington?
After whom are the Marshall Islands named?
Who was the President of the United States in 1939?
What institution is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools?
How long did the inflationary pressure continue?
How many families did mammals consist of as of 2006?
What group did General Ducrot command?
How did the Ciccone siblings behaved towards anyone brought to their home to replace their beloved mother?
What color of clothing were merchants that had registered with the state forced to wear?
"Between 1892-1924, how many immigrants came through Ellis Island?"
Madonna's album topped in how many countries chart worldwide?
When was the city listed on the National Register of historic Places?
"Besides the Greeks, what other culture contributed to the study of botany?"
When was Brasilia founded?
The complete historical file of the digitized paper of The Times is online and published by what publisher?
"After guns firing ballistic munitions lost their appeal, what weapon took their place?"
What word means that bacteria won't grow on a substrate?
Who discovered Neptune?
What significantly increased the magnates wealth?
How many kilometers does the administrative region cover?
Which architects in the US and Britain still employ the Georgian style for private residences?
How long is the Portugal-Spain border?
When did the Governing Council define price stability?
How many versions of the Hiram myth are there?
Where did the Great Awakenings increase interest in Evangelicalism?
A good deal of technical and financial direction for the upstream came from what entity?
Who built the first electric elevator?
"By 1874, how many passengers were coming to Atlantic City by rail each year?"
What are the two main native Alaskan language families?
Where does the word her derive from in german?
"The literary work ""The Odyssey:, was written by whom?"
When did the U.S. House first pass a financial reform bill?
How many square feet of office space did Houston have in Uptown in 2002?
What word means using a single unaccompanied vocal melody line?
In what year did the number of United Kingdom pubs generally start to decline?
When did Neptune complete it's first barycentric orbit since it's discovery?
The William Enston Home was built in what year?
Where did Apollo go in winter?
Who are some of the famous Irish Mandolinists?
What numbers does Catalan have?
What did many investigate
Peter Bradshaw held what position in youtube?
How long had the time to maturity been previously?
What did the FSF feel that Apple was trying to monopolize on?
What was the first song released by Candice Glover after winning American Idol?
"The scientific paper, What the frog's eye tells the frog's brain was released in what year?"
What was the business state of Marvel by 2000?
When was the first computer worm released?
Who does Scout revere above everyone else?
What did Elizabeth's mother later say that Philip was?
What event led to Russia being renamed the Russian Federation?
"Vibrato and glissando are possible on stringed, brass, woodwind and what other style instrument?"
"What did St. Augustine comment on in Book 11, regarding thinking about time?"
Which philosopher is quoted by the Catechism?
What major war stimulated the New Haven economy by way of industrial goods purchased through the New Haven Arms Company?
What allowed for a parity bit for error chicking if needed?
How many people in the Bronx are black (not including Hispanic)?
What is one possible serious side effect of over-using antibiotics?
During waht centuries did the Western Chalukya rule?
In what year were the various versions of the Catholic mass finally synthesized?
Hysteria and loss of control after the birts of many of her children were likely caused by what?
What is used as a warning against intermarriage between Jews and Canaanites?
What was causing the confusion and incompatibility of the code points?
Who resolved the problem of adequate axiomatization of set theory?
About how much area do forests cover the state?
What state does it border to the west?
In medieval Europe who obtained sole rights to hunt in certain areas?
Which large body of water does Galicia border?
Which ideologies did the Soviet Union aspire to lead around the globe?
who wrote A dream of Red Mansions?
How many new LDS Church wards were added during Wilkinson's presidency?
In 1849 where did Chopin live?
Why was Darwin unhappy with the first French translation of On the Origins of Species?
How much did Barcelona pay to acquire Johan Cruyff?
How many barracks guarded ancient Kathmandu?
Who wrote the book Science Versus Crime which challenged the logic of falsificationism?
Traits and gene frequencies do not always correspond to what type of location?
Do the Spanish have a legacy in America from their forefathers?
What Jubilee did Elizabeth celebrate in 1977?
What animals rhythmic feeding times were studied in the early 20th century ?
Where does Namibia rank in the exportation of uranium?
What city hosted the 2010 Winter Olympics?
What newspaper broke the story about Schwarzenegger's child with another woman?
How many times did Coptic Patriarch Shenouda III meet with Paul VI in 1973?
What year did Chancellor Wrighton submit another bid for a presidential debate at Washington University after 2004?
How do the capacitors connected in parallel act with currents from the power supply?
What is a significant alternative to MP3?
The India Gate commemorates the lost soldiers of what army?
Nwankwo Kanu won what honor twice?
Which online activity has been consistently associated with increased liklihood of depression?
What was the final acquisition price paid by GE for Alstom?
Where can one study nautical and marine subjects in Cork?
What city was Van Halen originally from?
What began to alienate the readers from publications such as NME?
"According to those who argued against Hayek, what sets planned and free markets apart is what?"
The change in universities towards the completion of the early modern period is credited with the formation of what entity?
What happened in the early 21 st century
How many separate universities does Houston have?
"who transformed happy mondays' ""wrote for luck"" into a dance hit?"
Who had admiration for the ancient Estonian culture?
What rappers were featured in the songs that Kanye produced for Tell 'Em Why U Madd?
Why were decoy towns used in WW2
What is the Seattle soccer club named?
How many helicopters can simultaneously land on Japan's largest military ship?
What was the median age of Atlantic City?
What was difficult to get set right on the new guns?
What song inspired Freddie from Queen's surname?
"Along with a new constitution, Mali became what type of state in 1991?"
The Ilkhans and Tumrids had what type of culture when ruling Iran?
What are Germans trying to focus on?
Clementa Pinckney served what public office for the state of South Carolina?
How many miles is Tuscon from Phoenix?
What was Paris Region's GDP in 2012?
How many digital copies of her fifth album did Beyoncé sell in six days?
What were people allowed to do to bricks for a fee to support the stadium redesign?
What rebellion happened in 1160?
In what ocean is Norfolk Island found?
What percent of the fly genome is similar to the human genome
How many times has London hosted the Summer Olympic Games?
"How many of the 25,000 vehicles do they plan on getting rid of?"
What does TDM stand for?
Where is hydrogen highly soluble?
When do monsoons traditionally happen in Punjab?
Who was the son of Yazid?
What is the amount of bitumen that can be extracted in Alberta?
What year is considered the beginning of modern Greece?
When did the country of Namibia officially become a country?
"In kilometers, how long is the Staten Island Ferry route?"
What type of access is available?
When were nearly all of Tibet's monasteries destroyed by the Red Guard?
Between what years was Georgian architecture in style?
What is the city of Bath famous for
Cognitive anthropologists want to know how the way people perceive and related to the world around them is linked to what?
What is the cloud tops on Neptune temperature?
What score did Milpa Alta get on the HDI test?
What is Flora Gomes' most famous film?
When did hostilities in the Persian Gulf War begin?
What is over all judicial proceedings involving private party lawsuits?
What popular styles practice improvisation and ad libitum ornamentation?
Which middle eastern city did the papermaking process to Europe from?
Who awarded the rights to publish the calendar?
What is Paul Heinegg?
Lieberman and Jackson suggest authors of some studies use the term race in what ways?
What percentage of Charleston's black population were free people of color?
When was the ANZUS Pact formed?
Was Alaska's Constitution written to encourage or discourage state funds being used for a particular purpose?
What was Queen Victoria called after Lady Flora's death due?
What are angiosperms?
"Later on, what two locations were slaves brought from?"
How old is Seattle's Symphony Orchestra?
How did Apple's profit margin on the lower cost Mac's compare to the profit margin onearlier models?
Where is the House of Assembly?
"In comparison to EU and USA standards, how was Portugal's justice system regarded?"
Where did General Bozize flee to escape?
Who created the Last judgement mosaic in the St. Vitus Cathedral?
How do gases prevent evaporation of the filament?
What did a drought in 2011 cause on Funafuti?
On what date did the Dean and Chapter announce that work would not be continued?
"Cronyism is also when people are selected from a closed and exclusive social network, which is called what?"
Municipalities were abolished by what?
Who did Cardinal Giovanni Battista Montini later become?
What is the topic of the fifth goal?
"Other than the drastic decrease in population, what other issue did the people in Seoul face?"
How does video-conferencing allow multiple parties to communicate with each other?
What was one of Victoria's major concerns?
What is the maximum amount of video a SVCD can properly hold?
What is the ASCII based on?
Who performed a Fuel song on this season?
What were the meetings called that were hosted by Constantine that helped enforce orthodoxy by Imperial authority?
What countries led the two coalitions during the Seven Years' War?
How many countries got independence from Britain during decolonization?
What do non-self-executing treaties typically require from a party to enable it to fulfill its obligations?
"In regards to it resident, what is the demographic for Native Americans living in the city?"
When did Princess Margaret separate from her husband?
Bon Jovi's 1995 album was called what?
Who referred to 'Suez Syndrome'?
How are Alpine plants grouped?
To what dynasty did Vikramaditya II belong?
What year saw the death of Gundobad?
Which party rebelled against the administration?
How old was Gladstone in 1892?
What depends on what religion is usual for the respective Slavic ethnic groups?
What was one thing the UK wanted in return for granting access to Bermuda?
How long did Stalins version of what happened between the Germans and the Soviets last?
What compass point of Mesopotamia did the Hebrew Shinar refer to?
Which BBC radio station focuses primarily on black and urban music?
What did the iPod's US market share peak at in 2005?
What do monotheists believe?
What country was driven into an alliance with France by the British pairing with Prussia?
During what period was art's main theme the representation of motion in a specific movement?
What color of ceramic glaze was extracted from uranium oxide?
Where was the Secretary-General of the CPY murdered?
What two things does The Fund help developing nations formulate to support sustainable development?
Who replace weekly mentors as a more permanent mentor on American Idols tenth season?
What seige did these victories lead to?
Why would some SNESes be only partly yellow?
When are urs held?
What are the approximate temperatures that can be delivered by phase change materials?
"How long in total was the ""blood of her purifying"" for Mary?"
Who was the Father of Prince Henry the Navigator?
Which countries did the Second Sino-Japanese War encompass?
What may share a radical without being meaningful?
When was Madonna pregnant?
How long has flower evolution occurred?
What did Nasser suppress as a result?
"According to Human Rights Watch, how do the human rights in Eritrea compare to the rest of the world?"
What part of Brazil does not observe DST?
Social turmoil led to conflict?
The time span that is counted as the classical for the Greeks is from eras ?
"After their agreement together, Beyonce's and Topshop"" new business was called what?"
What led to an increase in the number of Somalis leaving the country?
Where in Africa did the French have control?
In what city were the songwriting team of Frozen located?
The use of light to achieve an aesthetic effect is know as?
In what city did the standardization of red as a color of stop lights occur?
What did Marxist-Leninst add to Chinese philosophy?
"Along with the Six Ages, what other scheme did writers in the Middle Ages use to divide history?"
Since what date has asphalt been used for road paving in the US?
What large country pressured CAR to hold elections?
What company purchased the  Cubs in 1981?
How could police help the owner when a restaurant guest doesn't pay because their wallet got stolen?
Where was opium made?
What is the area closest to the continental US called?
What type of population lives in Tiahuac?
When did a thick wave of smog first appear in Central and Eastern China?
What did Jefferson's opponents accuse him of wanting to do to Christianity?
Which design feature did Smith eventually use to make production of a newly designed board more cost-efficient?
How much did 'Jaws' earn in theaters?
Strict notation is required with HD fractional rates to avoid what?
What is the name of the best-known private institute of technology in Thailand?
What is the Big Dipper constellation known as in Chinese?
In what year was the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation established?
Plato and Aristotle wrote what type of literature?
For what purpose did American Indians use asphalt?
Who was the intended audience of Whitehead's first two mathematics books?
"In 1961, who suggested the possibility that Napoleon died from ingestion of arsenic?"
In studies what is a relationship between sleeping and learning?
in 2006 Youtube found that the majority of longer videos were what?
What company annexed large areas of India in the 18th and 19th centuries?
What are 'centuries' in bicycling?
How many people died in the bombing of Hamburg?
The space between knuckles is what kind of month?
What was the name of the adult themed comics imprint for Marvel with more explicit content?
What did Hong Kong Alliance in Support of Patriotic Democratic Movements in China members wave to symbolize democracy?
What other requirement is there for the rope?
What is Trubetzkoy considered to have founded?
When did Lehman's former CEO appear before Representative Henry A. Waxman?
What is one reason American courts may follow a post Revolutionary Commonwealth ruling under what circumstances?
In what year was a Gothic hammerbeam roof installed on the Archbishop of Canterbury's residence?
What percent of copper is recyclable?
In what year was Rome conquered?
What is the name of Northwestern's undergraduate yearbook?
How much of the Bronx speaks Chinese at home?
What company did Dell team with in late 2008?
"Over which years did the ""War of the Speeds"" last?"
When did Cook visit New Zealand and claim the North Island?
What does the ECRI strive to make sure no one becomes?
Which bus service passes West Quay going in both directions?
Overdependence on oil income led to the fall of what form of government in Nigeria?
What other countries are important to the duck husbandry business?
In what century was One Thousand and One Nights completed?
What leader stepped down in 2011?
What is a popular name for the Telugu film industry?
"As of December 2012, Somalia did not have systematic what?"
What has achieved nirvana and also liberation from delusion?
In what month did Cao Cao die?
What 007 movie did Sam Mendes previously direct?
How is a mayor chosen in Cork?
Who has founded these small groups of Christians?
"when was mr. fingers' ""can you feel it?"" released?"
"Along with physicalist theories, what theories is idealism in conflict with?"
What did Britain try to get people to stop doing to reduce the spread of TB in public?
In what year did Notre Dame football begin?
Which guerrilla group fought for Namibia's independence?
To whom did Herschel present his work on infrared radiation?
How does Paul view the Resurrection of Jesus?
"What population has mtDNA and atDNA mutations, making them distinct from other indigenous peoples of the Americas?"
Who took over the remains of the Western Roman Empire?
In what languages did Dante and Boccaccio create their works?
What have some people argued correlates with time shifts from daylight savings?
What happened during those years?
How many bird species have been observed in San Diego?
Who was granted higher status than the Han Chinese majority?
What year is it planned for IB programs to be in place at Madrasah Al-Arabiah Al-Islamiah?
"In 2008, what type collapse was feared?"
Under the reign of who did the Ottoman empire control much of Southeastern Europe?
"Who was defeated near Seoul, Korea?"
"Since Apollo was known as god of the sun, what was another name for Apollo?"
What is the lifestyle of hunter-gatherers?
What does the machine create by drawing a straight line between two points on the board?
What specie are table grapes and wine grapes?
Kairomones are a type of what?
Which group held secret Milleneum of Christianity celebrations?
What is done with the newborn boy's hair once it is cut?
When did the clerics and tradesmen start spreading architectural information?
"What is the ""Roaring Twenties"" ?"
What group lead the Bengali Renaissance?
"Who inspires Beyoncé because ""she does it all?"""
What percentage of New Yorkers are Christians?
Schwarzenegger's role in Stay Hungry led to a Golden Globe win in what category?
Plato's philosophy attempted to explain life from what standpoint?
Who called Greece Graecia?
Which forest is the largest national forest in the US?
In what year did the Korean war end?
"Which term meaning ""the mother book"" does the Quran apply to itself?"
Who had now been appointed as a military advisor to the emperor of Seleucid?
Where can you find the often-used jetty on Norfolk Island?
Who are the Madonna Companion Biographers?
"As internet access increases, news media and online portals replace what form of media?"
What law did the British make to cause the use of the Gregorian calendar?
Which country did Britain ally with in 1907?
What is the sign that indicates the Divine Leader?
What notable Romanesque metalwork is named for Gloucester?
Under what period were the 4th century churches built?
What larvae live like plankton?
What is the effect of a kaolin coating on the light cast?
What is part of I-76 called?
Who did the First Phase offensive motivated to send more troops and resources to Korea?
The word Slav could be derived from what Middle English word?
What was the primary debate at the British Association for the Advancement of Science meeting of 1860?
Who is the creator of American Idol?
Who was buried in the abbey on 26 April 1882?
What is Catalan being replaced by in Alghero?
What do patents create an incentive for inventors to do?
Who did Procopius write about in 545?
"Kanye, Shakira, and Rage Against the Machine refused to perform in what state due to a new law against illegal aliens?"
"As of 2011, how many people worldwide are still denied access to inexpensive medications for severe pain?"
When was Brazil colonized?
"If located in Canada somewhere where DST is observed, a system running Vista might mishandle time stamps that are older than what year?"
The space between knuckles is what kind of month?
"As Jews were expelled from England, France, and parts of Germany they head into which three countries?"
What Virginia Commonwealth University campus is near Virginia BioTechnology Research Park?
What event sets the boundary for the Triassic?
Where was Kerry a talk radio host?
How many died in the Nanking Massacre?
What year did teaching start at the Banská Akadémia?
What did Victoria think of Albert at 17 years of age?
Who was one of the first Greeks to adopt a humanistic outlook?
Who are the lowest ranking cardinals in the Catholic church?
Who buys the bonds instead of using them in reverse transactions?
Who has the largest school population?
What kind of strong fibers are part of the composite of wood?
Who covers incorporated associations or councils?
With which of his friends did Schwarzenegger start a bricklaying company?
From what city did the Umayyads originate?
Which two sections of the graduate exam did Feynman do poorly in?
Where was IRENE developed?
What percentage of incendiaries were used in December?
What are two radio stations that broadcast from KU?
In what year was the Detroit Opera House purchased?
In what country was an assignation attempt made on the life of Paul VI?
What are the US territories overseas located in the Pacific?
What year did King Kapisi become the first hip hop artist to win an APRA Silver Scroll?
From 1861 to 1875 how many times was Dmocratic minority speaker not nominated?
What is an advantage to using LED lighting over the normal light sources?
What sector originally provided the largest contribution to New Haven's economy?
What are two other relevant characteristics of a pumping system along with final pressure?
Where does the word God come from originally?
What tribes inhibited the area that now constitutes Himachal Pradesh?
What year did the French Revolution begin?
What was the average family size?
What is one piece that makes up an antenna system?
"How would you tell a West Flemish speaker ""yes""?"
On what date was the iTunes Wi-Fi Music Store launched?
How many doctors saw Frédéric by the 3rd of December?
What empire was o the decline on 1375?
Where did the torch event end?
Who gave John Couch Adams extra data?
How many copies has To Kill a Mockingbird sold since it first came out?
When was the last time the Chicago Cubs win a World Series championship?
When can the frame size or frame rate parameter specification be dropped?
Before whose reign was assent always granted in person?
Which position was formulated as a result of Executive Order 9980?
Which contestant was number three in sales from season three?
What are the names of some of the other higher education organizations in Armenia?
Under what handle were Marvel's detective fiction comics published?
"In 1971, who officially recognized women's football?"
What is a caretaker manager?
Where was Rabbi Azriel Hildesheimer from?
"What efficient type of unit does the process of ""engineering"" wood result in?"
Which company manufactures the iPod Hi-Fi accessory?
Who did Altan Khan persuade to convert to Gelug Buddhism?
What did Queen Victoria hope for the marriage between her daughter and Prince Frederick William?
When was the adoption finalized?
How can it be recovered through steam?
What is the landscape of Eichsfeld?
"In what year where there 100,646 inhabitants in St. John's?"
How many people visited the Louvre in 2013?
What job did Steven Spielberg's father have?
Who was the Army Chief of Staff at this time?
What did Roman settlers commonly seek out?
What was the export level of Sichuan in 2008?
When did Wu destroy the Qing armies?
What famous neighbor did Von Neumann have that may have been distracted by the music Von Neumann played?
What is another word for ligatures?
What product of uranium was used as toner?
How are cells held in place in plants and fungi?
What are the two types of Ion gauges?
How ling did it take the It Gets Better Project video to draw such a huge response?
Which motorway connects Southampton to London?
Does a sassafras tree typically have a thin or thick sapwood layer?
What did the Roman emperor Claudius decide
What year was the Rainbow Times founded?
What concept does the government currently support for education?
Has a level 2 club reached the finals ever?
What receptors absorb red and blue light in plants?
What is zinc chemically close to?
Why did the Latin Americas Upper class support coup o'etats?
"Which ranch applies, interprets, and occasionally overturns both state statutes and regulations?"
Who did The Saints beat in 1976 to win the FA Cup?
What was another term for easy listening stations?
What is the name of infamous historical person who played an important role on Power House Day?
Who were the victims of industrial accidents?
What do the mas bands eventually converge on?
How many things did Microsoft alter after Release Preview?
What does warren Buffet stipulate his berkshire hathaway  shares be used for in the 10 year period after his death
Ibn al-Haytham and Roger Bacon were scientists in which time period?
What is sexual orientation defined as?
What was the main component of Japanese sailor's diet?
When did Marvel's British-themed superhero first appear?
What type of clothing is frequently the product of sweatshops?
What have some structures evolved to protect?
What slowed down the growth of solar energy?
What name did the expedition give to the island it saw on January 12th?
"In diffuse-porous woods, if the demarcation between rings is obvious, what type of difference within the ring might not be?"
What was a possible condition that made the United Grand Lodge of England withdraw it's recognition of the Grand Orient de France?
IBM was identified by what department as a major source of pollution?
What was the most losses the Luftwaffe suffered on any mission?
Hidalgo refused the use of what during his execution?
What was the date of the Abbey's coronation?
What year were women allowed to attend Northwestern University?
What are the leading exports in Israel?
What ranked San Diego as having the country's best summer climate?
"After discharging and disconnecting a capacitor, what causes it to develop a voltage?"
what is reflected and transmitted into the ground when a plane surface is struck?
Several Western European companies are shifting taxes in a process known as what?
Who was Pantages competitor in the theater business?
How many Irish people died during the Great Famine?
What can lossless formats provide?
Which of his works addresses redemption and the Son of God?
"What would a group like Crowdfund, GoFundMe or Kickstarter possibly belong to?"
What city almost exclusively celebrates the Carnival?
Who performed the studies that found most homosexual people having different degrees of gender issues?
What did the Norsemen provide to the monastery?
"There was an ocean between Gondwana and Asia in the Permian, what was it?"
In what elementary grades is Bosnian an optional course?
What is another term for Western Iran?
Who commanded the French V Corps in reserve?
What did Bell call the best thing he ever made?
What is in saliva that starts to digest the starches?
"When a parameter is dropped, the remaining numeric parameter is specified first, followed by what?"
What smartphones have SNES emulators?
In recognition of what event was the color red adopted for Arsenal shirts?
"Which is lines are commonly higher in density, laidlines or chainlines?"
What entity makes the defining formula for the HDI well-known?
What other action star was an international hit in the 1980s?
What phrase describes keeping adjusted summer hours year-round?
WHat happened to the nobilities feudal power?
What is defined as the official codification of federal statutory law?
In what century did Paris become largely into fashion?
How are the skins of sea mammals useful for people in the Arctic trap?
How many seasons of American Idol have there been?
How many choristers are there at the abbey?
What year did Michael Dell bring in Lee Walker to the company?
How many bells make up the abbey ring?
What campus did Yale buy in 2008?
How much money did Umax lose when it exited the low-end Mac clone market?
What year were the new England patriots founded in?
"In what decade could one find an ""English looking"" pub trend in Canada?"
Who did the cubs play against in the first two games of the NLCS?
How did Mikhail Gorbachev end the era of stagnation?
What is displayed at Zahm House for football home games at Notre Dame?
What is a word that can be used to describe Sassou's type of government?
What part of the palace has been open to the public every August and September and other select dates since 1993?
Around what year were the ceramic artifacts found to have been from?
"The U.E. employment rate was 10.2% in October 2009, which was the highest rate since what year?"
Without what are organic plants meant to be grown ?
Beyoncé was raised in what religion?
Who is Tadaklan's pet that is responsible for lightning?
What is the purpose of networks of channels in microcolonies?
Sanskrit came from the north west and traveled to what present day countries?
What period ended towards the end of the 18th century?
"According to Popper, what second layer does scientific inquiry have that pre-scientific inquiry does not?"
What type of climate did Antarctica have in the Cretaceous period?
What is the name of the business that first rang a bell to begin in the winter of 2014 in Myanmar ?
Who released the audio player?
What is the legal term for the precedence established by multiple court rulings?
What bans the killing of all wild animals in India?
What team did Art Schlichter play for?
What is the official name of Cypus?
When did Amazon begin its latest expansion?
What humorous nickname was given to the situation with the console system clock errors?
Why was barbiturates and amphetamines restricted?
Why is the port so important?
In what kind of country is malnutrition often found as excessive consumption or as a nutritional imbalance?
What is one explanation for the change in Mishnaic times?
In what year was the British protectorate over British Somaliland ended?
Who led a rebellion with Xiang Liang against the Qin Empire?
How many foreign banks operate in Houston?
Who did Justus von Liebig argue with over the belief that animals get protein from plants?
What did the Xinhua news agency set up?
Who was the founder of Jainism?
Where are the quartiers sensibles located?
How does the classifiacation scheme work on the Kinsey scale?
What year were Dell's PC profits shrinking?
What German transportation project influenced Eisenhower on highways?
What is the Arabic variant of Gabriel?
where was the warehouse club located?
What is the name of one of Apple's unsuccessful products?
What research university is located in Midtown?
IndyMac gave loans to borrower's with what type credit histories?
"What state's law mandated that executions occur in """"room or place enclosed from public view""?"
Many adaptations of the instruments were done to cater to what type of music?
What was the Taft Vale Case?
What is an action committed through the body and involves intentional effort?
Who was the first President of the RSFSR?
What was the Saxon Royal Palace used for
How early did the relationship begin between the Pecheneg and the Rus?
What type of construction was originally used for all electronic components?
What was the magnitude of the Sichuan earthquake?
Who maintains an edict of the Zhengtong Emperor?
What did RCA release to complete against Columbia's LP?
How did Hayek believe collectivism could be maintained?
"What lab invented the term ""bel."""
Where in Russia was the first stop for the relay?
Armenian women and children were deported on death marches through what desert?
Why would hybrids have characteristics that keep them from being fertile?
"After the war, what form of transportation became more readily available to many Americans?"
"In 1868, which famous author is reported to have declared New Haven's Hillhouse Avenue to be ""the most beautiful street in America?"""
What disease plagued Europe during the Late Middle Ages?
What US ambassador spoke about the widespread support for Nasser's nationalization of the canal?
What type of network are the products of operon genes typically involved with?
What nation is responsible for the defense of the Marshall Islands?
What accounted for 1.1% of browser use in April 2011?
What does the Protocol on Environmental Protection seek to regulate?
Where do Eleonora's falcon breed?
Where is a great place to bird watch in Southeast Tuscon?
Where did the social aspect of science originate?
Who would the axis powers oppose in the new agreement?
Beyonce cites Mariah Carey to making her want to start doing what?
The rifle green beret is worn by whom?
What defense does a zebra have against predators?
What is another name for people who recently converted to Islam?
What nearly destroyed Charleston in 1886?
Who sponsored the tests that show that all papers are subject to acid decay?
What do the Bulbins take from Ordon?
What does SASO stand for?
Who wrote the 'Jaws' book?
"Besides the Union Theological Seminary, which other Seminary touches Seminary Row?"
Michael Dell removed employee bonuses from what year with his new incentive?
"Along with Latvia, the consulate of what country has called New York the cultural capital of the world?"
What Warner Brothers films were available in 16:9 aspect ratio Squeeze LDs?
When did the United Kingdom colonized the Australian continent?
What celebrity asked his fans to vote for Sanjaya Malakar on American Idol?
How did Gaddafi die?
Her alter ego was born when according to Beyonce?
How did his early childhood experiences impact his later life?
What keys steps did Von Neumann work out that contributed to weapons of war?
What was the result of publicly funded links among computers in government labs and reserach institutes?
What notable historical event occurred in Japan in 1868?
In what year did William Winde design the house which forms the core of the palace?
How did Orsini try to assassinate Napoleon?
What percentage of the population of Atlantic City was 65 years of age or older?
What is the size of Antarctica?
What county did the city of Southampton become administratively independent of in April of 1997?
How long did it take the Umayyad Caliphate to defeat the Visigoths?
What is intermarriage typically seen as?
What were the RAF operations trying to lessen?
Who was the first person born south of the 60th parallel?
Charles de La Valette was a devoted and leading member of what party?
What did The Sun state that had it taken sponsorship of?
How is XML used in enterprise database management?
Does Ruskin believe all buildings are works of architecture?
A very high resolution source may require more of what?
"On what day, the day after the funeral of Abdirashid Ali Shermarke, did a coup occur?"
"What word found in Roman writings became ""wad"" in modern Dutch?"
Who was Harold Wilson's Defense Secretary?
Where are the horse races held
Who was the Roman emporer?
Madonna became a fixture on which TV channel?
"After a hiatus, in what year did the AFL begin operations again?"
When did the Jewish presence dwindle in the region?
Is not dating until a certain age a common sense or culturally-relative standard?
Who is the largest producer of duck meat among the western nations?
With whom was it said the the movement ended?
What did the ruler strive for?
What kind of courts did congress establish?
How far does a glacier have to move to cause glacial earthquakes?
What is the name of the trail that runs from to New Haven all the way to Eastern Massachusetts?
What was Johnny Torrio's nickname?
Where in India has cotton been found from prehistoric times?
How many different indigenous languages are spoken in the Americas?
What put English Freemasonry at risk?
The crew could be order to drop the bomb by what?
How far were runways extended out?
What acid slows or stops cell division?
Which type of antibiotic goes after the cell membrane?
Chemical stimuli are signals that regulate the activity of what?
Sweating is a product of the arousal of what system?
"How many Euros was Greece able to ""hide"" because of an arrangement with Goldman Sachs?"
What do greenhouses do with solar energy?
An adolescent going through a family break up turning into an adult in a stable marriage is given as an example of change in what?
When did Ontario adopt the Canada Not-for-Profit Corporations Act?
Who first introduced social insurance programs?
How much did the size of the Roman army increase in the 3rd century?
"Which character in the film, Epic, was voiced by Beyoncé?"
What was Gerald Ford's role as minority leader under Johnson administration?
Why does infrared not cause trouble for devices in adjacent rooms?
What department located at the West Campus provides IT services?
What new country did the Lancaster House Agreement recognize?
"After the Dawlish sea wall was damaged, on what date did the line reopen?"
What is another name for Melborne Airport?
How does Whitehead describe the judgment of God?
What country did Queen play in for the first time in 1975?
In what year did the Korean church celebrate the 100th class?
Which two groups are examples of Muslims who advocate a very literal reading of the Quran?
Who are the highest ranking cardinals in the Catholic Church?
What is added to the glass of jars to improve water resistance?
What was the nickname of Bill Robinson?
Who was allowed to wear gamrents dyed with Tyrian purple in ancient Rome?
When did the USSR dissolve?
What title and name did Elizabeth's father take upon becoming king?
Which subject did Feynman and Carl both enjoy?
"What two affiliates joined E! in late August, 2008 after which transmitters were not replaced?"
In what year did IBM add sexual orientation to their nondiscrimination policy?
What component gives glass the ability to conduct electricity?
What are the most abundant polyphenolics in purple grapes?
Who experience a significant leap in their academic performance?
What types of education does the Swaziland College of Technology offer?
What war saw tensions arise between between Imperial Japan and the United States?
What did the crowds in Tiananmen Square do after the moment of silence?
"According to the author, who would have particular trouble in accepting that reality is fundamentally mental?"
What type of bait do experienced anglers prefer?
What is Switzerland's world ranking in domestic purchasing power?
What has replaced the term Near East?
"How does one say the word ""music"" in Czech?"
From whom did Hayek acquire the term he proposed as an alternative to libertarian?
What is an example of clothing that was once seen as exclusively for males?
How much glacial ice is found surrounding the poles?
What year did the first governor arrive to Saint Helena?
"Outside of Fire and Earth, what three other elements did Chinese philosophers say the world was composed from?"
EIC reached out to parliament for help with finances. this lead to which Act?
The Nidānakathā of the Jataka tales of the Theravada is attributed to who?
What countries did they settle in ?
What kinds of programming appear on KUJH-LP?
The epithet Delphinius is associated with what animal?
What kind of painting did samurai do?
"What instruments do pilots use to find the runway and fly the correct approach, even if they cannot see the ground?"
The Commission felt that the bundling undermined what?
What legal case sought to compel the Environmental Protection Agency to regular greenhouse gases?
When a German bomber flew to close to its own beam what happened to the signal?
What is the advantage of measuring these elements separately?
How did troops stop the riot?
"Before 1857, who controlled most of India?"
What organization did Libya join in 1999?
How are the Houston Community College and Lone Star College systems ranked among educational facilities?
When do children graduate from primary school in Thuringia?
Who was a judge on the British series Pop Idol in 2001?
What is an objection to the idea of subspecies because it doesn't specify this?
In what year was New Haven-style pizza found?
What two major department stores are located at the Third Street Promenade?
What tourist destinations are the Portuguese government continuing to promote and develop?
What is not as common in open education?
Who was the President of France in 1953?
"Which university had teaching which was more general, and not centralized?"
Who blamed John's family background for his cruel personality?
When were the diaries of Napoleon's valet published?
Who are some contemporary composers from Portugal?
Which record label did Madonna sign with in 1982?
What did samurai become in 1873?
What group conducted a study of coral on Funafuti?
What happened to the Länder as they lost importance during the Nazi regime?
What cults weakened Buddhism in India?
What is a popular name for the Telugu film industry?
What did Sadat exchange for the remainder of Sinai?
Where did Feynman work at in Brazil?
How long ago did ancient cultures and settlements exist across the Iranian plateau?
Who returned as executive producer this season?
How many carriers did Ozawa have?
What defines a large part of minority leader role?
Where did the Mesopotamian people originate from?
What are the expressed powers?
What does every stpe of digestion require?
Does minority leader always employ same strategy for party objectives?
When were Armenian churches built with niched buttresses?
What was Southern Italy refered to as?
What can be shorter than 1/4 wavelength long?
Where did Kanye West live as a child?
How did the Holy Roman Church rule on the matter of the festivals ?
How many towers were planned to be built?
How idealistic were samurai?
When was the Greek state of modern times birthed into exsistence ?
What year did Taiwan begin teaching Hokkien in schools?
What represents Apollo as a Northern intruder?
Who inaugurated the city of New Delhi?
How did Barcelona finish the 2006-07 season?
At the end of what century was Europe separated into several city states and kingdoms?
A person can get away from samsara by doing what?
What does the Supervisory Board discuss at it's meetings?
Which seasons did contestants have to write an original lyric or melody?
What are six companies that made some of the first peripherals for the iPod?
What does BSoD stand for?
How were Wente-Style condenser microphones helpful?
What world record is held by Eritrean athlete Zersenay Tadese?
What kind of person was Victoria?
Which part of his body did Schwarzenegger work to develop with Coach Bennett?
Which Mountain has the Highest point surrounding Tuscon?
What ideals were Greek and Roman Classical architecture not based on?
A few animals without spines that do not have a brain are what?
What year did Schumann review Chopin's piano concertos?
What are steamed dumplings called?
At what point did Hayek claim dictatorships may be necessary?
What application lets PS3 users view and organize photographs?
What does ROM stand for?
What happened to many of the larger suburban mansions from the boom era?
What American University has a big campus in Mexico City?
What is a benefit of using equalization devices?
What type of theories are favored by scientists studying sexual orientation?
What types of glass is the word commonly used to mean?
Why was the Port Phillip Channel Deppening Project subject to controversy and strict regulations?
Who designated the floating gardens as a World Heritage site?
Did the Bishops have someone else in mind?
How many apparatuses are used?
When did Bush accept the Republican nomination?
"In October 2010, Shell sold what to St1?"
What island was ranked as the 5th best in Europe?
Animals with a spine are called what?
Which event did the Boat Club claim victory in for 2013?
What is the importance of having phyla in the body?
What does the divided highway provide?
"What was the 1990 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births?"
What cause wives to be unable to move to the US with their Chinese husbands after 1882?
"At any given time, about how much of all the people in the world has M. tuberculosis?"
Who led the final Greek resistance?
How many species currently live on earth?
What ideas were utilized in von Neumann's ecocomic model?
In which year did the poet Rumi die?
What is the benefit of the  Compacts of Free Association?
What did the French call evolutionism?
Who can be credited with finding out DDT is useful as an insecticide?
Which Village already had streets when the grid plan was laid out?
By 2006 the GDP had dropped to what?
When do culls to ensure sustainability of London's deer population occur?
"Heading east from Southampton, what city is connected by rail?"
What is the major hockey league team of Bern?
What Richmond street contains a notable amount of Victorian buildings?
What is the percent of blacks?
What is the range of accuracy for the licensed service used by Chinese government and military?
What other language shares this type of construction?
What does GAI stand for?
What incorporated the Furness exclave?
What did the 1912 exhiibtion of Cubism show?
What is the name of the stadium that the Hanover football team plays in?
Approximately how close did the French incursion into Leoben come to reaching Vienna?
Why did the Atlantic City Redevelopment Authority partner with Steve Wynn?
What is the name of the fitness gyms that Madonna opened?
How much of London's population left?
Why is it difficult to now which chronic wounds are infected?
Who argues that there was steep decline and stagnation after the death of Suleiman?
What year did Mali gain independence as the Mali Federation?
What wasn't racial identity governed by in Brazil?
What did Pliny the Elder observe about diamonds?
Who broke the world record set by Jacobi's first motor?
When is the Tucson Folk Festival held?
Which Senator fought back against the criticism of Title VII?
How often is the Berlin International Film Festival held?
"What did Jehovah's Witnesses persistent legal challenges result in, in the United States?"
When and with what culture did domesticated turkey start to appear in the United States ?
What do some non-single-sex polychaetes do?
What is Galicia's surface area in sq/km?
What outlines the ongoing implementation of the Cyber Security Strategy?
On what date did British Somaliland gain independence?
In what book did Jack Kerouac write about visiting Tucson?
"Even though few MP3 players can play it, LAME also offers which option?"
"In 1936, what place did Bell receive on a list of best inventors?"
Who initially rejected the Japanese laws mandating military service?
What is the USAF?
What is Neptune's angular diameter range?
What percent of the population identified as Christians in 2004?
"What is the Chinese, Japanese, and Korean translations for Neptune?"
What can cause your memory to deterioriate or not work as well?
Such chemicals do what to the firing of the brain's neurons?
What game development company completely disagreed with Kotick's statements in The Times interview?
What does rubato mean?
"France was now in a desperate position, what did they do?"
What is Amphetamine's market name?
Which of the three was eliminated?
On what principle did the Ancient Greeks first think was best for governance?
What is the name of the system that automatically detects copyright violations?
When was the Mildred Lane Kemper Art Museum established?
When were laws first created to regulate pesticides?
What algae is the ancestor of true plants?
"Sated in inches, what is the common range of paper thickness?"
What did the Art of Noise hope to accomplish?
Locke's theory of natural rights influenced what French document?
What is it called when someone uploads a video to YouTube without the creators permission?
What did quadraphonic recording feature?
Napoleon's victory at which battle resulted in the destruction of the Fifth Coalition?
What does a passive infrared sensor react to?
"Along with Sarah McLachlan, Natalie Merchant, Melissa Etheridge and Sheryl Crow, what female singer-songwriter had chart success in the 1990s?"
How do animals use plants?
How many tribes were considered to be in the Comitia Tributa?
What did the Russian send to Sinop?
How much was a union going to be worth as proposed in the 1800s?
What does the Sanskrit word translate as?
WHo could naturalize a polish noble?
What is the work called that Martin Luther created regarding Jews and heresy?
The King and Clement XII condemned which literary work?
What are the permanent sources of positive ecclesiastical law?
What two types of organisms have remarkable differences in their genomic composition?
Who delivered the peace terms of the Vienna Conference to the Russians?
In what year was the first automatic revolver invented?
What can constitute accounting fraud when nothing is recorded?
What is the air mass lying above the Sahara?
What magazine put Boston on its Future best City For Biking list?
What battle did Private Henry Wyatt die in?
Is it difficult to transfer recording from historic interest to newer technologies?
Why is zinc oxide used in nuclear reactors?
What do some agriculturalists often do?
How much did the US offer to pay for Greenland?
What is mainly responsible for the connection of the antenna to its end destinations?
Which programfacilitates the exchange students across Europe?
How many China Mobile base stations stopped working?
What country is the inspiration for Mexico City's new programs?
What percentage of Samoans call themselves Christians?
How many different words for the varieties of green exist in Latin?
How much money did overseas Nigerians send home in 2007?
What can one not mark between the variety of mankind?
What was a major objective of Britain in joining the Austro-Russian alliance?
What is database storage?
When did Henry Wyatt die?
"In what century was Strasbourg occupied successively by Alemanni, Huns, and Franks?"
Which scientist was addressed the most often in the new chapter of On the Origin of Species?
How many elements did the Chinese philosophers think the world was made of?
What location was supposed to be the start of the relay event in Nagano?
Who was Apollo's sister?
The enforcement of the legislation of the Constitution Act began in what year?
When did Turkey and Israel establish full diplomatic relations?
Where is the lake located in Atenco?
"Instead of faith, John Polkinghorne relies on what when it comes to the theory of materialism?"
On what river is London situated?
"What major interstate in New Haven provides access northward into Massachusetts, Vermont, and eventually reaches the Canadian border?"
What is a torta frita?
Lice and bed bugs are considered what kind of insect?
British librarians in 2006 ranked the book ahead of what famous volume?
Who owns the rights to all phonographic material done by the contestants?
To which group can haruspicy to traced?
The Alpine climate of Greece gets what kind of weather?
"In 2007, which music professor said he believes this criticism does involve race as well?"
What brought the defeat of the Allobrogi?
What films did Spielberg produce for Don Bluth?
What bodies controlled drinking establishment licensing administration as of 2005?
What is the first feature motivated by?
"In what month was the inaugural concert held for the ""Ed in '08"" campaign?"
What is the name of the actor who received and Oscar nomination for his role as Chopin?
When was the Armenian Mosaic re-discovered?
What alliance defeated the German Empire in World War I?
"Who became the Democratic nominee, half way through 2003?"
On what date was KU's Lawrence campus made official?
Which two missionaries help bring Presbyterian churches in the south eastern states?
Which treaty had given Hong Kong to Britain?
How big can be the transformation level?
"What are ""independent"" theatre productions at Eton?"
"Along with Korea and Communism, what issue did Eisenhower attack Truman on?"
Who was forced to resign?
What program allowed users to exchange iPod Nanos which suffered from overheating problems with new safe models?
What issues plagued the PVA throughout the war?
What are some of the issues Apple cited in the lawsuit against Microsoft and HP?
What comic strip did Bud Fisher have success with?
"In issuing the grade, the Corporate Library found that a third of Comcast's board was how old?"
What percentage of improvement over energy code requirements will be the goal of all new construction and renovations?
What handles most of the water conduction in hardwoods?
what group's productions for Mel and Kim added elements of house to the europop sound?
What voltage does SEPTA system use?
Which publisher did Lyell convince to arrange publication of Darwin's work?
Who always suffers throughout samsara?
Who has the first lab completely dedicated to psychology?
What does University education include?
"What was London's original name, as founded by the Romans?"
In what year did the city cease to own WNYC?
Which interstate would you take to go to Jackson Florida from Tuscon Arizona?
What did Bismarck consider social insurance programs to be?
What are non=migratory birds called?
What two qualities were mentioned in regards to new construction?
The idea of text in cultural studies can include what forms other than written language?
When was Palma born?
Who wrote Hayy ibn Yaqdha?
Who gave Beyoncé the Pop Songwriter of the Year award in 2001?
What was the only land mammal native to New Zealand?
"Where were 723,000 Koreans sent to work?"
What artificial geological feature was added to Seattle in 1909?
What areas within Greater London have city status?
What was a masculine word in Old English?
When year did Prince Albert die?
What is the penalty area marked by?
Which prison was New York City's first?
Why was dBASE unique?
How old was Monica Bellucci when she filmed Spectre?
What are state constitutional amendments relating to separation of church and state known as?
The Ogaden was given to Ethiopia on the basis of a treaty signed by the British with what Ethiopian leader?
Which region of Tennessee swung in favor of secession in the June 1861 referendum?
What type of analysis fits the either-or nature of the uncertainty?
What were most escort carriers built from?
Were there any laws against marriage between whites and Asians in the US?
How have the enlisted forces of the US Air Force been seen?
What book could be found in The Dartford sister's library?
Which famous rapper bought Aspiro?
"during the Iraq war, what color did anti-war activists paint the ""A""?"
What part of the Pacific Ocean is Norfolk Island located?
Who was the mother of Yazid?
What does the Freedom House classify Armenia as?
How many kilometers west of Charlottesville is Richmond?
How much faster is automated creation over handmade?
Which contestant was saved with the first Judges' Save?
What is the average income for a full time female worker?
What was the reason some electrifications were removed after a while?
What were the protesters on September 2 demonstrating against?
Which ocean is along eastern Russia?
To how many territories is the Premier League broadcast to?
"What year did the ""Stupid Motorist Law"" come in effect?"
When was the land under Tibetan empire and Chinese?
About how many people visited the 2008 European Beer Festival?
What border does I-19 come close to?
Where do the Pila Nguru people live?
Humoral immunology theorized that the origin of the immune system lay in what?
On what street is Masjid Bilal located?
What language does Dutch get its second highest percentage of loanwords from?
What did King George IV originally want the structure to be?
Which season had a voting controversy because of a huge increase in text votes?
What was the name of Victorias final child?
What is Tidal's specialization?
What is the biological basis for Cladistics?
What year was Uruguay consolidated as an independent state?
What long term issues can arise from frequent diarrhea?
What turned the battle for Olmutz against Frederick?
"According to Diane McWhorter, every child in the South had to face what?"
Who appointed the governors in the Umayyad empire?
What could no longer be associated with debt after laws were passed preventing it?
What type of law handled IP rights before 1994 in TRIP signatories?
Who had the right to grant powers to a magistrate?
The Gallipoli Campaign fought against which country?
Who had been leading the French forces?
When did Mamie Eisenhower die?
While the company was  giving an indefinite period when renewing thier charter what clause did King james use to make sure the company stayed profitable
How many inches of snow do regions of the Cascades receive?
What is the English translation of Mandap?
When did the Northern Pacific Railroad reach Montana from the east?
Does excersice have any role on cognitive brain function?
In what year was the BS system modified?
What is another name for a Qur'anic school?
What are the Hebrew scriptures called?
Who is the miners' patron saint?
What political ideology did Nasser wholeheartedly back in 1961?
What on behalf of a state cannot invalidate that state's consent to a treaty?
Who was the head of the American Battle Monuments Commission during this period?
Which group of animals have brains 5-10 times larger than the formula predicts?
What does the University of Arizona Poetry Center offer?
Who composed the Benedictine Rule?
What is the name of the throne used for coronation?
What is gain?
What is Levante UD's stadium?
Who wrote the screenplay for the 1962 film?
What does the commerce clause include?
What was an alternate method of charging the iPod?
When did the US institute the Voting Rights Act?
What did the Portuguese discover in 1488?
What was the time span of the Gupta Empire?
In what centuries the writings of scholars been used to debate the philosophies?
"What architect is in charge of the """"Vision for Plymouth""?"
When did President Goodluck Jonathan advocate limiting childbirth?
When was the birth of the Italian Empire declared?
Which famous U.S president was a Autodidact?
What is one of the main papers of Mexico City?
Who created the Eight Banners?
What can only be listed without absolute firmness in the nationalism movement?
Which governor teamed up with Orozco?
When was the IFAB's decision on the fixed size of the pitch become implemented?
The design of USB is asymmetrical in what?
How much of the market did iPod claim as of January 2007?
Who is the Head of State of Portugal?
"Along with Protestants, missionaries from what denomination were allowed to operate in the Marshalls?"
What new residential powers did the FBI now have?
Some cultures treat dogs as what rather than companions?
Between what two years did Picasso paint La Famille de Saltimbanques and Les Demoiselles d'Avignon?
What is the Policia de Seguranca Publica - PSP (Public Security Police)?
What monsoon affects Nanjing?
Where are Greek States believed to have been settled ?
What is the size in square miles today?
Who is the cardinal protopriest at this time?
What kind of process is the zinc zinc-oxide cycle?
The Melbourne financial crisis was a contributing factor to what banking crisis in 1893?
How fast could the first ReWritable CD be written?
What was Roman version of Chess called?
Whom found Wente-style condenser microphones helpful?
How did troops stop the riot?
"In addition to ammo proposals, what other need was articulated?"
Who was the ruler when the new city wall was constructed?
How much did Spectre make in its first week?
How was Virgil regarded socially by his schoolmates?
What pub holds the Guinness World Record as the oldest in England?
Who was the last Archaemenid Emperor at the time of its defeat by Alexander the Great?
The disparity between Planck's law and the Rayleigh-Jeans law led to what conclusion?
How did Anjiro think the Japanese would accept Christianity?
Which tribune was impeached by the Plebeian Council?
"According to Nicholas Kaldor, what had Hayek's book created?"
What did Hayek conclude regarding his brothers?
Whose effigy was placed on a ship on wheels?
"Aside from when they're speaking to Italians from their same town or region, where is a common place where Italians speak their regional language?"
What is Christian AC a subgenre of?
The ideals of the Enlightenment were incorporated into which two United States documents?
What did Bell's cord-free phone use to transmit messages?
Which of two Voskhod 2's occupants was almost killed?
On what date did Bell get his patent?
How did the Stuxnet worm infect industrial equipment?
Do bacteria have membrabe-bound organelles in their cytoplasm?
What are the first datings of Bronze artifacts from the Vinca culture?
How much did estimated tax breaks save per student in 1992?
Who was the first person to try to ensure the wine's quality in Portugal?
What years are termed the Renaissance period?
"When did Alan Turing write the paper, ""On Computable Numbers""?"
How long did it take to finish the wall?
Name 2 of the county gorges
Where did McCoy get lost?
How many sites are throughout Raleigh?
Who is the father of the ideology Hayek came to support?
What was the maximum number allowed per Pope Sixtus V?
How did the majority of science see humanity in relation to animals in the 19th century?
Who was Saint Denis?
When is the element not allowed voltage?
How many Mexican hispanics live in greater Boston?
Cynanthus latirostris is what type of bird?
What type of land did the slaves live on?
Who was part of Hollywood Ten?
The beginning of what ended the Porfiriato?
When did the Olympic torch reach Bangkok?
Where did the relay start?
How did the Egyptian people feel about Nasser's response to the attack?
Where do the Everton Tigers play their home games?
Who was Charles Babbage's son?
Did Bush become disfavorable during the time of the 9/11 attacks?
How did the early Muslims view the possibility of conquering India?
What is the typical speed that axons send their electrical signals?
How is the problem of object-relational impedance mismatch corrected?
"Where does the hunter-gathering lifestyle persist, though in decline?"
"What's another word for ""sputum""?"
What company published the Spectre soundtrack?
What particular aspect of the artists voice was he trying to preserve?
What are chromatophores used for?
What does DC stand for?
For what cause is money raised at the Bengal Bouts tournament at Notre Dame?
How old was Jovanka Broz when she married Tito?
What type of view did Lamb have of the Mirror?
What kind of vision do owls have?
What did Feynman think that the truck windshield would shield him against?
How many large casinos are located in Atlantic City?
What percentage of the population continues to hold indigenous beliefs?
What year did Elizabeth I grant the charter to Raleigh to travel to North Carolina?
Who initiated the First Phase offensive?
What is Taiwanese in Southern Taiwan based on?
What type of alpha emitter is uranium?
What moniker did the Greeks grant themselves for distinction ?
When did research find evidence for a common ancestry between Native Americans and Altaians?
How many people are employed by the partner program?
What award did Domagk receive in 1939?
Why do birds need to molt?
What industry was accused of profiting from child labour?
Which article in the Spanish constitution gives the monarch the right to ask for a referendum?
Who did Victoria credit for her relationship to Albert?
What ethnicity was his mother?
Where was the Principality of Armenia centered?
Who is the only person to ever become a cardinal king?
When did Houston start using light rail lines?
What countries were party to The First Partition of Poland?
On what floor must restaurant customers clear their reservations?
Water beetles have legs of what type of structure?
Who took over the package from Sentana?
Where was the planned invasion of Britain by France?
Who led the Austrian forces at the Battle of Marengo?
What was Jan Joosten van Lodensteijn's Japanese name?
Who made two unsuccessful attempts on Queen Victoria's life in 1842?
In what year was the north-west pavilion turned into a swimming pool?
What do the Chamorro believe in according to Historian Lawrence Cinningham
What is the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom?
In what year did Gaddafi notably visit Italy?
Who was exiled when he lost the favor of the monarch?
What do internet hosting services provide?
What was the total cost of the Sui-Yu Expressway?
What dynasty ended in December 1004?
Who owns and operates Brigham University?
What church do 90% of Christian minority in Egypt belong?
What year of players are in high school football all-star games?
In what decade was Pub rock popular?
Beyonce's first child is named what?
When did Eisenhower first send military advisers to South Vietnam?
Who did the Gelug exchange gifts with?
What determines the resistance of a filament?
How many people died in the rioting over divisions of Bengal and Punjab?
Who fined Queen for donating to a school for the deaf and blind?
"Who was the English general who met with Benjamin Franklin on Septermber 11, 1776?"
What is used to apply watermarks and other patterns?
Where will the programs made at Univisión Studios be broadcast?
Who was the creator of British Series Pop Idol?
What town were the III Corps able to capture?
Why was Back to the Future released with analog sound?
What were they using the airport to stage for?
What offshoots of polychaetes are only segmented in the rear?
How much of Brazil's population is comprised of indigenous peoples?
In what time period did the most brutal battles occur?
Did literate men acknowledge Virgil as a master or novice poet?
What tower was Leonard W. Hatton Jr attempting to evacuate?
How many words long was Burke's history of England contracted to be?
What is there a distinction between lawful hunting and?
What region is Nanjing in?
"How many months did it take for the US to occupy Kwajalein Atoll, Majuro and Enewetak?"
Who was the Luxembourg palace built for?
"Who was executed by the federal government on March 18, 2003?"
North Korea and the United States have been characterized by a disagreement over one parties desire to create what with respect to security guarantees and nuclear proliferation?
"What's the German word for ""seven""?"
When did the Chalukya Empire rule?
"After Ed Policy resigned, what franchise closed?"
During what years did the Reign of Terror take place?
What was the BBC Domesday Project?
What did Cork Campus Radio change to?
What is the volumte of trucks handled at the Otay Mesa crossing?
What was the name of the woman she played in Obsessed?
What sector does ESET fall under?
During which war did the British navy defeat Eight Banners forces at Ningbo and Dinghai?
What speed of film is the Ilford Delta 3200?
"Who was possibly the first to use the term ""energy"" instead of vis viva?"
What nationality was Heinrich Anton de Bary?
How did Nasser react to the news the the US and UK had blocked construction of th Aswan Dam?
In what year was André de Lorde and Gyp's Napoléonette written?
Where were starving Han sent by the Qing?
How did Popper feel about Marxism after only a short time associating with other Marxists?
Hydroelectricity accounts for what percentage of global electricity generation?
What are the main reasons the conduit lines were converted to overhead  wire system?
In what year did Greece rejoin NATO?
What does the Kroc Institute at Notre Dame focus on?
Who was the last person killed by the Inquisition?
Where is Catalonia located?
"What year did Congress pass the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act?"
Today's Croatian language has its roots in what other language?
Who defeated Bermuda?
What caused child labour to decrease in Vietnam?
What was the romance genre of Divan poetry known as?
What killed 10 million people in India?
Who proposed a merger of many colleges in 1907?
What individual was typically in charge of a commandery?
How many districts is the island of Saint Helena divided into?
Who produced American Idol?
How much of Oklahoma's electricity comes from coal?
In what film did Spielberg address humanistic issues?
Who issued a statement calling for North Korea's unconditional surrender?
What is the name of the person who supervised the preparation of the Code Civil?
Who was the mentor for seasons 10 - 12?
When did same-sex marriages become legal in Spain?
How many police officers were part of the security operative?
Where is Millennium Stadium located?
How many fans does Azteca Stadium hold?
Who did Napoleon select to lead the troops sent to invade Portugal?
"Along with ""Don't Know Much,"" what single won a Grammy?"
What do friendlies allow managers to experiment with?
Who was the runner up on season two of American Idol?
In what year did Lee stop giving interviews about the book?
What biographer of Chopin wrote that Chopin never considered himself French?
What area of Southampton holds a Ford assembly plant?
How many satellite constellations does the BeiDou Navigation Satellite System have?
What country sent their military to protect their interests in Samoa?
What animal has shown extreme inventiveness in the clothing it has devised?
When was Nri taken over by the British?
How many vehicles are in the fleet?
What is the earliest example of Greek architecture in France?
Navicella means what in Italian?
What involves the deployment of three generations of renewable energy technologies dating back more than 100 years?
What case was fundamental in the fight to change warranty laws?
What is charms?
Which election did Kerry's PAC focus on?
How many research labs does IBM have world wide?
Where is Time Warner Cable Arena?
Heian-kyo is now what present-day city?
"In addition to private equity and industry sources, what's a third source of research funding for institutions of higher learning in Canada?"
Eavesdropping on a closed system via the faint electro-magnetic trasmissions generated by the hardware has been referred to as what by the NSA?
Which Roman consul defeated the Greeks at Corinth?
When was the last time the area of Bern was measured?
"In Western culture, the term madrasa widely refers to the practices of what religion?"
In what year was the Imperial Tientsin University founded in China?
Who sent him the letter informing him of his mother's death?
Which was on of the first alloys made by humans?
What were the main influences of the official language of the Empire?
Where did the Sumerians usually locate their granaries and storehouses?
Pointers and hounds are bred to do what?
What was the federal Government responsible for?
Who first leaked the photos of the new iPod color scheme?
What other product of heat and pressure does the formation of asphalt and petroleum  produce?
What did Leibniz argue against?
What group runs Valencia's public transit?
Which fleet joined the Baltic attack?
Denmark has a committment to 100 percent renewable energy by what year?
Since when has the Portugal unemployment rate been in a falling trend?
What are the major organs of the immune system?
What can these results be caused from?
The Muslims lived near what current market?
Which contestant was talked about most for having a record deal before being a contestant on American Idol?
Who was supposed to inspect building to see if they met national standards?
How is a coreless motor cooled?
What is an example of a device that could entirely mitigate the bass response issues of the 3rd gen iPods?
What year was construction of Terminal 3 of Indira Gandhi airport finished?
"In 1945, how many years had Japan already been at war with China?"
Who were the Seven Nations of Canada?
What did Hayek conclude regarding his brothers?
What are two ways that a gymnist dismounts?
When was Imperial College Union's TV station founded?
Why was the Republic of Novgorod doing so well while the Kievan Rus declined?
Comics were quoted as a sabotage of art and what?
How did Gaddafi's decisions in the oil industry impact other OPEC states?
What act determined what class a citizen belonged to?
What law has similar language to Missouri Revised Statute § 546.730?
Who was Alfonso III's third son and what area did he receive?
What can be causes of one Grand Lodge withdrawing Recognition from another?
Where did Kanye premier a film directed by himself in 2012?
How is adolescence defined biologically?
Napoleon's victory at which battle resulted in the destruction of the Fifth Coalition?
What's the title of Schwarzenegger's autobiography?
"How much water is there, approximately, in the lake Mexico City is on?"
What was the name of the Proclamation?
"Before 20th century, what was the form of public transportation in the city?"
What is the name of the national rugby union stadium located in South-West London?
What was Tuvalu's GDP rate from 1996 to 2002?
Where was this measurement made?
What was widely observed in the eastern portion of the Byzantine world ?
Who created the population factor e-E/kT?
"Which civilization advanced in astronomy, mathematics, and medicine?"
What percentage of the population of Atlantic City was under the age of 18?
When was the Nintendo 3DS Digimon World Re:Digitize released?
Do hemimetabolous insects change quickly or gradually?
Which generation iPod was required to enjoy the new games available on iTunes 7?
What 4 cities are larger than Paris in the EU?
What group's committees did Paul VI declare both bishops and cardinals could participate in?
What type of starch is used to make the beer Oshikundu?
In what century did the papermaking process spread from China to Europe?
What year did Dean Amadon make his proposal?
How many civilian deaths occurred as a result of the Plymouth Blitz?
What is the name of France's national postal carrier?
What percentage of employees belonged to a trade union in 2004?
When was the Yerevan demonstration?
"What category is defined to contain pleasure, pain, motivation, moods and dispositions?"
"For whom was Enlightenment mankind's final coming of age, the emancipation of the human consciousness from an immature state of ignorance?"""
How long did it take Napoleon to drive Austria from Italy in 1800?
Norfolk Island was originally a what?
What suggests that the last few million years featured the greatest biodiversity in history?
Where is North Carolina State University?
During what centuries was the Ottoman empire in control of much of Southeast Europe?
Who was the Soviet leader who attended Nasser's funeral?
Who governs Northwestern?
What case is in regards to whether prayers at town meetings must allow various faiths?
What did Hayek claim those who must distribute resources would lack most?
What is one issue that hurts Universal Primary Education?
What type of stimuli causes pain?
How are passenger cabs separated from the lift?
What is the notion of sexual orientation in west defined as?
What type of buildings were especially targeted to be burned down?
What is the biggest killer in Portugal?
Which region of the US receives the most amount of rainfall?
Louis' Lunch is popular for serving what?
What kind of music is sold by these companies?
Who created ACE?
How many Attributes of Mercy are in Judaism?
In which French city was the surrender made official?
What are some areas of learning in comprehensive schools that were not found often in grammar schools?
About how many passengers come through the Mexico City International Airport each year?
What famous landmark is Mysee de l'Armee lat Les Invalides located ner?
What continent moved to the southern-most part of the earth in the Cambrian era?
What path was suggested as the right one for Margaret Thatcher's party by a speaker?
What is Charleston's seasonal record of snowfall?
What did Germany add to the 20 mm to make it more effective?
What does the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Greece conduct?
In what year was Gaius elected to office?
What did the English Order not care about?
Project Vanguard launch failed on what date?
How does a dialect stand in relation to the standard language?
Why did Caray often playfully quarrel with Stone?
The Tallgrass Prairie Preserve is the largest protected tallgrass prairie in what area?
What states that the conservation of energy is a consequence of the fact that the laws of physics do not change over time?
Growing plants in zinc deficient soil makes them more susceptible to what?
What date was the Charleston earthquake of 1886?
How often do earthquakes that lead to serious loss of life occur?
Which cartridges were shaped slightly differently?
How much has the Cherokee Preservation Foundation spent on schools?
What law did Nasser view as the culmination of his revolutionary efforts?
When will income tax be introduced on Norfolk Island?
What position was held by General MacArthur at this point in time?
In what European school does Avicenna's portrait hang in their hall of medicine?
What is the state well known for?
Where is Somali National Television located?
What is the name of the large southern portion of the Intermontane Plateaus?
At what event at the Tokyo Game Show was the DualShock 3 first announced?
The United Nations Statistics Division defines Western Asia to contain what?
"For every 100 females, how many males were there?"
Where did a cargo train derail as a result?
When did Sheptycki write about police cooperation?
Do all antibiotics interact dangerously with alcohol?
What group from the munitions plant in Woolwich formed the Arsenal club?
How many PS3 did Hirai set a public goal to sell by the time the product was nine?
In what way is Selenizza bitumen geologically different than bitumen found in sands?
Macedonia has how many Slavic speakers?
What was Oklahoma's record high temperature?
What award did King Kapisi win for his song Reverse Resistance?
When did stained glass begin to be used for places of worship?
Testing revealed today's dogs trace back by how many years?
"Along with uranyl sulfate and uranyl chloride, what compound is formed by the UO2+ 2 ion?"
What is the name of the first municipal Hospital in the US?
Who found evidence that where the media had freedom there was less political corruption?
"What is one thing that helped to improve condition of forests, rivers and air?"
What does the USB Power Delivery revision 2.0 specification cover?
What would the antenna you are using take advantage of to allow it to work in multiple locations?
In what year was the Estado Novo established?
What was tantojutsu?
In what year do most  Scholars agree the Italian Unification began?
The Balts were gradually converted into which religion?
What is the purpose of an NPO?
Rulers brought the concept of divinity to where?
What is the name of the entertainment company that Madonna founded?
In what settlements did most inhabitants of the Carolingian Empire live?
"In 2008, Melbourne overtook what city with the amount of money that domestic tourists spent in the city?"
Which countries did the RSFSR border on the southeast?
Who is in charge of the the Armenian military?
What policy did the Marble Palace introduce?
What is the average size of chickens used extensively for it's meat production raised in an intensive environment?
How many Americans were given the drug Kevadon?
When did the rapid development of religions in Zhejiang drive the local committee of ethnic and religious affairs to enact measures to rationalise them?
When did Konrad Zuse invent the Z2?
What month was the hottest ever recorded?
Name one test used to recognize MI?
What dictator's rule was Cruyff's reason for avoiding Real Madrid?
What sector has expanded radiply by selling outsourcing services to North America and Europe?
What is the first round of the coffee ceremony called?
What dialect is standard Russian based on?
For how long has Somalia had connections to the Arab world?
How many non-Hispanic whites lived in New York City in 2012?
In what years did Matthias Corvinus reign as King of Hungary?
When did the nationwide strike by air traffic controlers union happen?
Where is the largest neutrino telescope on Earth?
How many people are homeless because of the quake?
What are the names of the two separate Estonian languages?
Who was the chieftain of the Xiongnu?
Which factoring war was on gong in 1828 and shares the of a previous scuttle ? ?
Who did Zenger replace as athletic director at KU?
What type of sacrifice victims were the dark gods offered?
What part of the NC Constitution forbids atheists from holding public office?
How many of the Middlie Iranian tongues have remained in existence since ancient time?
What stood out in Clark's response to Leibniz?
Ag3Cu is one intermetallic that tin forms; what's the other one?
What do 98% of all the funds generated by the stamp sales go to?
When is the term comics considered singular rather than plural?
What does the number 2N1301 indicate?
How much value did a Spanish milled dollar have in relation to Spanish units of currency?
When was the confidential written report sent to the State Seismological Bureau?
Which tribes brought down the Western Roman Empire?
For how long does the fixed rate of tuition last?
In what decade was Italy unified?
When was fluorescent lighting first available?
What did Oskar Morgenstern feel about von Neumann's beliefs?
In what year did Funday Night at the Movies first appear?
Under which king did the Royal Family regain the freehold title of the property?
Why were the prince electors able to proclaim themselves King of Prussia?
What does the SCRA require?
Who founded the Imperial College London?
Are the separate religious factions in Burma able to peacefully coexist ?
Which book was touted for establishing regulations for church and government?
How many Romans lived in Valencia in 138 BC?
Who did Ted Turner buy Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer from?
What does the fourth goal focus on improving?
What is the effect of a thicker filament on bulb temperature?
What class were Africans and Mixed Race children considered?
What did the Tuvaluan Order 1976 recognize Tuvalu to be?
When the Ottoman empire conquered a region what also became a part of the empire?
What is a major function of a foundation?
There is high percentage of interracial marriage between what two groups?
What resulted having no natural predators for the animals introduced?
What is the marketed name given in the meat industry when you involve a european or indian domestic cattle mixed with an American bison?
What expedition did Darwin join in 1831?
When did the Classical learning revival begin?
"In square miles, how much of the city's total area is land?"
Whose graduates tutored many boys from the Jenkins Orphanage?
"What leader said daylight saving gives people more ""opportunities for the pursuit of health and happiness""?"
"What were races considered to be, according to the ideology of race?"
What major cities later adopted Tucson's city council public funding system?
Who was the Republican presidential candidate in 1964?
What Empire was especially good at translation?
What religion was adopted by the population in the early 21st century?
Which addendum was added to the Lectures book in 2005?
During what conflict did the US occupy the Marshall Islands?
What do leeches use to move?
What percentage of the barrier will be constructed on the Green Line?
Hipparchus' star may be depicted in a statue called what?
When did von NEumann establish mean square ratio?
"Does slow or rapid growth make relatively porous, light wood?"
Who was known as a reformer in Strasbourg?
What long held tradition helped make Boston a wealthy port?
"In 1863, why was Aboriginal population declining?"
"Besides Qiantang and Jiankang, what was the other major metropolitan center in the south?"
What notable clinic is present in Derriford Hospital?
What location did John Lofting live near?
"Along with Tolkien, what modern scholar notably made use of Old English?"
Which ceramic glazing was developed by those potters which were Islamic?
What Ottoman empire controlled lands contributed to the centre of transactions between East and West ?
What was the profession of Pierre Jaquet-Droz?
During which dynasty was Armenia established?
Where are young grads looking for that NPOs?
How many days can the Daysimeter gather for analysis?
What is the name of the headscarf worn by married women?
When was the Polio vaccine created?
What sources of energy does Switzerland heavily rely on?
What happened to China after the 20th century revolutions?
How is the relationship between genes and complex traits understood?
What is the name of Link's steed?
Active zinc mines in India date back to what period?
The French Marines and naval infantry were dispatched to reinforce what?
When did Arent Schuyler de Peyster visit Tuvalu?
Name a peasant rebel leader?
How many nominations has American Idol received for Outstanding Reality Competition Program?
What is the yearly number of cadets at the Maritime Training Institute?
How long was the GameCube version of Twilight Princess delayed?
What do we get an extra hour of because we set the clocks forward?
What style of architecture partially survived the war?
"The city also host a large international tennis event, when does it usually take place?"
What was Libya's per-capita income in 1951?
When did NASA go on an expedition to Lake Untersee?
What is mainly used for transportation in Seattle?
"Brain tissue is naturally soft, but can be stiffened with what liquid?"
What is the enzyme called that performs transcription?
Who bought the Waldorf Astoria hotel in NYC in 2014?
Where do NASCAR races in Miami take place?
Why is it used as a coolant?
What does it mean if a God is not omnipotent?
What did the Qing get from the Treaty of Kyakhta?
When was Nigeria's third satellite launched?
What types of birds does Oklahoma have a lot of?
How long did the parliament have until the next election?
What are some of the animals in Mollusca?
How large was the ice chunk that melted and refroze?
The relay route was a little over how many kilometers?
What geological theory was applied to the Paris Basin?
Who was the religious leader of the original Puritan settlers?
How much ad revenue goes to the original uploader of the youtube video if they're in the partner program?
"What are some inland provinces that began to develop modern, westernized education systems?"
What year was Guam colonized?
What was John F. Kennedy's criticism of the President based on?
What was responsible for most of the 1100 casualties incurred during the Swiss civil war in 1839?
Where did wealthy residents move?
What act allowed premarket approval for drugs?
What is it called when a dielectric constant changes with frequency?
What is another term for master mason?
"This season, the winner won a recording contract with what company?"
What was the first polytechnic in Britain originally named?
What is used in most video DVDs?
What year did the Chicago Cubs' name become official?
"What are S roads, the mid-level that connects district capitals to regional capitals?"
What happens to digesta when it moves to the small intestine?
What is the largest University in the city
What did German pilots use to gain knowledge of an airfield?
How did Egypt's economy do during the 1960s?
What contributed greatly to the severity of the financial crisis of 2007?
Where was 'Bridge of Spies' filmed?
"a larger three-byte SPLIT token with a seven-bit hub number, 12 bits of control flags, and a five-bit CRC were created to do what?"
What year did they withdraw their bid?
What did Madonna use in her concerts?
Who were the Ottomans led by?
What is Kerry's older sibling's name?
What book did Thomas Burnet right in 1681?
How many records has Beyoncé sold throughout the world?
How much desert land is the Sahara?
In what years was CP1251 encoding used in most Russian online usage?
Which town's people surrendered to the Germans?
What is a way to increase the strength of a radio transmission?
What do Slavic languages tend to do to their verbs?
How are people evaluated in Brazil?
What was aerobic gymnastics called orginally?
What did the Aryans label as impure in the indigenous peoples in order to exclude them from certain social classes?
How did the samurai view kidnapping concubines?
Its southern mountain ranges are on the border with which country?
What language does Dutch get its second highest percentage of loanwords from?
When did the title of Duke of Lancaster merge into the Crown?
"Other than benefiting more privileged people within minority groups, what is another argument against affirmative action?"
What is an example of an English city where breweries were run by the government?
How did Napoleon save the French government in 1795?
"Who wrote the headline ""The Truth""?"
What designation was Southampton given in 1974?
Where are rose windows used on English cathedrals?
What was the highest world ranking achieved by England under management by Sven-Göran Eriksson?
What was the unexpected action by Peter III that helped Frederick?
What did Kerry tell Christianity Today that he is open-minded to?
What ideal does Estonia hold towards the environment?
Gautama didn't like the religious teaching he initially found because of why?
What are the people of St. Barts called?
What industry generates 1.2 billion in economic activity each year for North carolina?
"Which PC magazine praised the iPod for having ""altered the landscape for portable audio players""?"
Where were Ottoman madaris built?
When did the Canadian Armed Forces name cease to be?
Where has a celebration recently gained acclaim?
"What punishment term is ""info"" short for?"
What is the A38 called inside the city of Plymouth?
What focuses on metabolic pathways?
What acidic salts were commonly found in the early types of paper produced?
What typically comes after the Alpha stage in the development and testing of software?
How can antibiotic penicillin destroy bacteria?
"What is the name of the large legionary camp, now a ruin, that the Romans maintained around the start of the Common Era?"
Who killed innocent civilians in the Nanking Massacre?
What is an application for which organisms have been modified for?
What is the term for the idea of ultimately nothing has existance?
What team of artist and writer helped popularize the Uncanny X-Men line of comics in the 1980s?
What was the main reason they disagreed with the beliefs?
"The album, Dangerously in Love  achieved what spot on the Billboard Top 100 chart?"
Which writer's festival is home to Melbourne?
What are code points in the range U+DC00-U+DFFF known as?
Name three sub-cultures in the Center City?
What year was the Santa Monica junior college founded?
What does émouvoir mean in English?
What year did Banister Court Stadium close its doors for good?
What architectural style was used to design the Virginia State Capitol?
How many votes does each Football Association Premier League Ltd (FAPL) club have on issues?
What is one cause for Melbourne's fluctuating weather patterns?
How many questions does the SASO contain?
"Convention, protocol, and agreement are examples of examples of different kinds of what that can create confusion about a treaty?"
In what year did New York become the United States capital?
What can a host's immune system do to a host?
"When did Thomas Young use the term ""energy"" instead of vis viva?"
What numeral system originated in India?
When did Nigeria launch its first satellite?
What's the name of the highest peak in Samoa?
What two addtional types of birds are listed in teh Encyclopedia Britanica as poultry?
What had Prince Rastislav requested?
What are an institute of technology called in France?
Which years did Nigeria win the African Cup of Nations?
What does Arefyev say is happening to Russian?
What medical field does the treatment of infectious diseases fall into?
What's the name of the traditional Samoan dance performed by synchronized rows of dancers?
In what year was Immanuel Kant born?
During Sands and Chopin's visit to Majorca who were they fleeing?
What does DRM and anti-circumvention laws do?
What was the complaint about how Kerry ran the State Dept?
Where had Paymasters been able to get money from directly until 1782?
When was Eustache de la Fosse's voyage?
Which Pakistan president supported the US attacking the Taliban?
What was the original definition of a cardinal priest?
During what dynasty did Nanjing become a thriving textile city?
Which contestant cared for his brain-damaged fiancee?
"The term ""Dominican mysticism"" is also knows as what?"
By what year had the Maratha Empire covered most of the subcontinent?
What type of organizing can be observed in eukaryote genomes?
The northern area of Great Britain was populated by what native people during the Roman Empire occupation?
What type of work is the word novel generally geared towards?
"In addition to onomatopoeia and captions, what can be used to show the dialogue in comics?"
What did most Western countries view as an illegal claim by the USSR?
How can man obtain understanding of God?
"What sort of passages were still left out of the supposed ""whole"" text?"
Who estimated the Russian population was 90 million fewer than it could have been in 1945?
What can cause health effects such headache frequency?
The Emishi were defeated in what year?
What television network does Ron Jaworski work for?
In what month and year was smoking banned in public places in Scotland?
What is the span of years of the Middle Triassic?
"How would you say ""good"" in Dutch?"
During which football season did Barcelona win its second treble?
What modern movement began in the 20th century?
What language are lyrics typically sung in?
What was the original headline on 22 September 2003?
In what British city did gin houses first appear?
"During the Roman Empire occupation in the British Isles, what was the name of the people that lived in Ireland?"
What is a fundamental collection of documents of the Lutherans?
In 1918 which way did the French idealogies shift that effected Cubism?
"Who came up with the word ""ecology""?"
Where is most of the major training performed?
What improvements did the Super Game Boy have over the Game Boy?
What is the average rainfall between the months of July and   August?
When did Microsoft make the existence of Windows 8.1 with Bing OEM SKU official?
What war was responsible for the creation of the Total Force Policy?
In what economics sub-field are emotions discussed?
What is the oldest air port in Paris?
What are bombillas?
What is considered the country's primary musical export?
Who led the rescue of British forces during the Battle of Yenangyaung?
What was associated with culture during this German practice?
"From which country is Bach, Mozart and Beethoven from?"
How many casino resorts ore in downtown?
In what fields did achievements occur during the revolution?
What is the name of the TCM spinoff channel operated in the UK?
Who are Swiss citizens required to buy health insurance from?
Where is Tajikistan located?
Where in Southeast Asia has early use of cotton been discovered?
What endosymbionts live in coral?
Thomas Hobbes ushered in the new debate of social contract theory through which work of his?
Who became president in 2013?
When was 'Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge' published?
What is the English translation of Mahanagar?
Who would a Roman go see in an attempt to reverse the decision of a magistrate?
When is ghosting reduced?
What do these floors serve as?
What type of capacitors can generate soft x-rays?
The Mach argument is called what?
Who came in third on American Idol in season 14?
"Along with CCI, what is the other Hindu gathering place near Richmond?"
Who was General Secretary prior to Mikhail Gorbachev?
Universal Newsreels dated from which year up to 1967 were made available through CreateSpace?
What was laid on the path to Midford
Who had control of the Beiyang army?
Why did Steele say what he did?
What sport do the Washington Redskins play?
What are public universities not allowed to do?
What was an important feature of the Premier League in the mid-2000s?
In which year did the University of Tennessee begin competing in the Southeastern Conference of the NCAA?
Tauton Bridgewater and Yeovil has what concentration of the population
Who discovered Hydralazine?
What were traces originally made out of?
What doctrine did Roosevelt give for submarines against Japan?
What religious practice did Rome use to determine ritual?
What was the lifespan of John Augustine Zahm?
What living thing did Bell use in his research?
What could epinephrine treat?
The Tibetan leaders had a diplomacy with what neighboring state?
What are parties to a treaty forbidden to do after they have already joined a treaty?
"Due to the heavy upkeep, DeStefano decided to close what major infrastructure in the city?"
What act spurred to building of new churches in Britain?
What did the Air Academies not focus on?
How long after student campaigning did BYU begin recycling plastics?
Which of Hobbes' ideas led to the distinction between civil society and the state?
What was the major cause of the separation between the Luftwaffe and the other military structure?
What is high among dialects?
What form are most of Chopin's études in?
"How many hours of real-time battery life did the 5th-generation iPod test at, compared to its advertised 14 hours?"
"What language does the word ""symbiosis"" come from?"
What was the goal of this operation?
What is the name of its only electrified railway?
Studies that people are better off with dogs have been criticized for being what?
What was Detroit's population in 1765?
Who was Ashikaga Yoshimasa?
When did Beyoncé receive the Legend Award?
What mistreatment did Gaddafi say that British soldiers subjected him to?
Which torchbearer sent a letter of protest to the president of the International Olympic Committee?
Once it arrives what does the elevator do
Who did the Seahawks beat to win the Super Bowl?
How much did Rebel Heart Tour grossed?
Toward what does Popper believe scientific understandings progress?
Atlantic City is a prime place to beat the heat from June through what month?
What award did Domagk receive in 1939?
What event prompted BYU Pres. Howard S. MacDonald to purchase a portion of an Air Force Base to house a sudden influx of students?
What clauses does the 14th Amendment include?
What does having sense perceptions conclude about a person?
What is the library programmers use to solve object-relational impedance mismatch?
"In Buddhism, rebirth into consecutive lives is determined by what?"
About how many inches of rain fall on Plymouth every year?
A large benefit of a bit reservoir is that you can use it even while encoding what kind of stream?
In what building did the city's deadliest industrial disaster occur?
Why would a black-looking Arab consider himself white?
How much drinking water is produced by Israel's desalination programs?
How many women claimed to be sexually harassed by Filner?
Where is the Coconut Beetle native to?
When did the Federal District receive more power?
In what year was a women's tournament added to the Summer Olympics?
In what part of Kathmandu is the Institute of Medicine found?
At what rate is standard 35mm photographic film exposed and projected?
In what century was the term matter defined excluding energy phenomena like light and sound?
What is the only mainstream computer platform to successfully transition to a new CPU architecture?
Which pieces of ice hockey equipment were once made out of wood?
Through whom did the general masses have access to the divine?
Around how many years ago is the current ice age pattern believed to have begun?
What does Wood call the approach of allowing individuals the freedom to decide what they want to believe?
What percentage of Jews reside in the U.S.?
What is the 24 hours of Daytona
How many staff members did Imperial submit assessments of for the REF assessment?
With whom did Chopin perform his final concert?
"When 192 samples are taken instead of 576, it is done in an effort to limit what?"
What gene makes grapes purple?
What did August von Hayek's father write?
What had Kerry voted against after supporting the initial Iraq authorization?
"Following the end of the second World War, what was a still a popular theme among films makers in Burma ?"
What leader took power in Sudan and was inspired by Nasser?
Which are the two most prominent railway stations?
When has anthropology developed related terms?
When was Alvise Cadamosto's voyage?
What is the one way Hayek argued that resource distribution could succeed?
How many weeks pass before the monarch receives a bill from the Presiding Officer?
When did the first rudiments of state organizations appear among the Slavs?
"Which verse in Luke states that Mary had ""no relations with man"" before Jesus' birth?"
Who is said to have ran the first shop?
How is adolescence defined socially?
On which road does 120th Street begin?
What type of symbiosis seen between bryozoans and hermit crabs?
In what town is the oldest neoclassical architecture in Hungary?
Who hosted Essentials Jr. between 2009 and 2011?
Who wrote Epistolae?
What's the name of the cave system
Where is the most chicken enjoyed in Burma ?
"When Victoria was established as a seperate colony, the need for what followed?"
Initially prajna is attained at a conceptual level by means of listening to what?
Which Enlightenment philosophers sought accomodatin between reform and the traditional systems of power and faith?
Which engineers came up with the first mechanical clocks?
What pre-historic group did bacteria evolve from?
What day did the business that first rang a bell to begin in the winter of 2014 in Myanmar open its doors to customers?
What was launched in 1987 under the name Audicom?
What was concluded about the construction?
When did the Buerau take over and begin to expant the ATC system?
What are large companies relying on outside organizations for?
Do lifestyle changes definitely have an affect on long term memory?
Where did the Tucson Sidewinders move to?
What nation founded New Amsterdam?
What determines the speed in which mail reaches Guam from the United States?
Who made William Adams a samurai?
What percentage of students were admitted to Notre Dame in fall 2015?
What type of animal crosses between Europe and Africa during the Autumn?
In which year did the Synod of Constantinople confirm the veneration of images of Mary?
"How many judges and prosecutors does Portugal have per 100,000 inhabitants?"
What is another connotation for the 51st state label?
What is the largest nationwide broadcaster in San Diego?
"Along with the Dallas Vigilantes, what expansion team was announced in 2010?"
An app produced with the iPhone SDK can only run on what devices?
"Who was the author of the book, ""Survivals of Roman Religion?"""
When did  Captain Henry Every attack the Indian Fleet
What materials are underpinning the land surface of Houston?
"Danelaw, established by the Vikings, covered what  geographical area?"
In which century did the process become much cheaper than before?
Who was the Chairman of Augusta National and friend to Eisenhower?
What silent movie film star who made movies such as The Little Tramp hailed from London?
What type of institution is the Notre Dame?
Where did this dynasty form?
The nationality is also declared by diasporans living where?
What era followed the  The Neolithic 2 (PPNB) era?
What year was Doctrina Christiana en letra y lengua china written?
What type of volcano forms the archipelago?
The new roadway prompted a partnership between which two companies?
How much money was the damage worth?
When was the Yale School of Medicine established?
In what year did the American Law Institute create a death penalty framework for the Model Penal Code?
What makes Washington University unique among other American universities?
How many different players have won or shared the top scorer title in the Premier League?
In what building do law students attend classes at KU?
What may modern humans be the only survivor of several species of?
Around when did the United States and United Kingdom began to develop different versions of cultural studies?
When did Ruik past away?
What happened to Joseph I in 1758?
What is the head of Monaco's government called?
What is said to be a special spiritual problem?
How many users are subscribed to Xbox Live?
What does the recording industry call piracy?
What cultures architecture inspired Islamic architecture to use pointed arch's?
"Upon release, what interface allowed Mac users to sample Apple's new operating system and provide feedback for the actual release?"
Which parts of the UK have more control over their BBC broadcasts?
What are the root origins of the word madrasah?
What war started in 2004?
Where did the Arabs establish as the capital of the newly conquered territory?
Where did the Chinese stop the Operation Ichi-Go incursion?
What does data collected by unicef and Who show
"If people's nutritional status and health changes, what could this affect in their daily routine?"
What hurricane years later after Katrina did the organization provide support for?
What is a fish whose genome has been sequenced?
How much in contributions did the Labour party get from January to Marrch 2008?
Which branch of the military was Lieutenant Thomas Selfridge in?
What is the feature of zinc sufide that makes it useful in television screens?
The energy difference between filled 3d and half-empty 4s atomic shells corresponds to what color of light?
what hit house song did todd terry cover?
"Despite FDA approval, how much more likely to die are patients who take bedaquiline in addition to the standard TB regimen?"
What did closer groove spacing result in?
How many vacuum tubes did the Atanasoff-Berry computer use?
What are the three most populist provinces in China?
From what passage is cited as being one of the first known examples of using the word heresy?
When was the Battle of the Styles contested?
How many Boers were taken prisoner during the Second Boer War?
What award did Hayek receive in 1974?
Who took control of the whole of Central Tibet?
What car did Eisenhower compare modern art to?
How much money was recovered through the False Claims?
What was the population of Plymouth unitary authority circa 2011?
When did Armenia make Christianity its official religion?
What was the music hall at Notre Dame called?
Semiochemicals come from where?
Nader Shah expanded Iranian power to its highest peak since what Empire?
What date saw the surrender of Nazi Germany?
What do French historians commonly call the Age of Enlightenment?
When did the US buy Alaska?
Why did Karl von Loesch bury the microfilm?
Who wrote 'Ideals of the Samurai'?
Which three religious groups lived in Valencia?
What city did Winston Churchill bomb in retaliation for the killing of civilians?
In what parish was HMNB Davenport located?
Which Turkish Cypriot writer has been nominated for the Nobel Prize in literature twice?
Who holds Guiness record for Deepest salt water scuba dive?
What city became the state capital of South Carolina?
What did Whitehead believe in so profusely that it was difficult to write a biography on him?
What was to be carried out at schools after the quake?
"Since 1990, how much did Madonna make in her concerts?"
How else is asthma classified?
What religions are now practiced by 54% of the world?
How many transmitters does currently CBC operate after 2012?
What was the first Latin phrase used by the Royal Institute?
Why did Irving not want to be in Spielberg's films while dating?
"What are ""bookmarks"" called in Internet Explorer?"
Who contests the existence of the Armenian Genocide?
When was the first Queen Bluray released?
What newspaper did the Echo Boys sell?
In what year did over a hundred intrusions made into the Rome Laboraroty?
What magazine rated San Diego as being the country's fifth wealthiest city?
Which male body parts enlarge and develop at the same time as the penis?
"Other than gumbe, what are two popular music genres?"
What is the culture of Pengngan Chamorro based on?
What other royal figure strongly influenced Frederick William III's decision to go to war with France?
What may have colors that do not change over several pixels?
"What country has Institutes of Technology/Polytechnic Institutes from which students can earn certificates, diplomas, and degrees?"
Closer examination of what information allowed for further progress in scientific knowledge?
How many Estonian teams are in the Baltic Basketball League?
What was a common problem found in early flexible records?
Which party does Sigrid Beer belong to?
What significant purpose has wood been used for as long as humans have built shelters?
"St. George's Town, St. George's Island and St. George's Parish are all referred to as what?"
What observations in astronomy did China record?
What nickname does Tuscon have because of their many companies involved in optics?
What does airplone mode do?
What was Raleigh captured by in the Civil War?
By what year had Portugal established itself as an independent kingdom?
Whose ship was named Florida?
On what day was Alaskan Statehood finally approved by Congress?
When did the Babylonian exile end?
What do steps in move theater aisles have for safety markings?
"When a person shapes a dog to conform to his expectations of behavior, it is called what?"
What was introduced by President Barack Obama in June 2009?
What questionaire has been used to measure the age in which adolescents should be able to engage in autonomous behaviors?
How many times did Elizabeth reject Albert's proposal?
What disagreements did the  Luftwaffe staff center around?
How much of DEI's energy output is from natural gas?
When did Bantu immigrate to Namibia?
What was the shipping services imported by Greece in 2011 worth?
What does EPA stand for?
How many binary aluminum hydrides are there?
Bermuda is located near which North Carolina town?
"What was the internal name for ""laser rot"" within LD processing plants?"
Which four states opposed the French?
Which Queen enhanced the Chinese theme of the Centre Room in the 1920s?
What famous Greek author did Athanasius  quote?
What had Greece's previous government been hiding?
What type of audition are expected to eliminator gender or racial prejudice?
Who was buried next to William Wilberforce?
What institution did Nasser live close to in 1933?
Who gave information on the gem industries in Burma ?
How can database transactions ensure accuracy after a crash?
STC stands for what?
Where was Representative Roger Sherman from?
What health events had Nasser suffered in 1966 and 1969?
Where are young grads looking for that NPOs?
What factor lead to a decrease in department store shoppers?
What does sila refer to?
What did the magnates do eventually with the gifts?
What part of the mine shaft requires routine testing?
How many highschools are specialized in NYC?
What is the name of a bacteria inside of tree roots?
When did American drop a nuclear bomb on Nagasaki?
What else did freed slaves face in postwar Charleston besides discrimination?
What increased in the 1980s?
What languages were recognized as Indo-European?
What term is used to describe what knots can do to affect the finish of things made from wood even when they've been painted?
In what conference did the Fighting Irish take part in in 2012?
When was Oliver Cromwell disinterred?
Why was Brooke being investigated?
"What other modern material has joined composites, carbon fiber, titanium, and aluminum to replace wood in the manufacture of sporting equipment?"
"Along with the American Conference, what is the other conference in the AFL?"
What will an editor do in the case where an author's work was not wiped out?
What type of light is ideal for traffic signals?
How much of the population identified as mixed race in the 2000s?
What name did Albino Luciani take as a pope?
Who founded Eastern Wu?
"What year did the ruling ""only a cardinal was eligible to become pope"" come in effect?"
How much does Japan's largest military ship weigh?
Which newspaper did the The Sun on Sunday take the place of?
How many casualties did the Soviet Union have during WWII?
What was the original price for a replacement battery from Apple?
How does the crew on board the spaceship perceive the stationary observer?
For what reason to many student's postpone their enrollment to BYU?
When Africa was colliding with Eurasia which seaway ceased to be during the Miocene?
What is the temperature like year around in the desert?
Who considers animal fur to be cruel and unnecessary?
"Other than benefiting more privileged people within minority groups, what is another argument against affirmative action?"
Who found the Archaemenid Empire in 550 BC?
What did the Colloquy of Marburg become infamous for?
How many species of algae were recorded in Egypt?
Where did the Alemanni settle in the 5th century?
What is done to unstressed vowels?
How long was the city completely empty?
"In the United States, how many murders are there for each execution?"
What sign of TB infection would a lab be looking for in a sputum culture?
Name an example of a heavy isotope?
Do all language make the distinction between poultry and fowls?
What occured from 1955 to 1968?
What was the source of the live feeds?
Which cardinal acted a the leader of France due to his amount of power?
What temperature is needed for steam to react with methane?
How long go did this crime take place?
The Tidewater region was in what half of North Carolina?
What was written with the structure in the clerical script?
Estrella was played by which actress?
Where has the IEC adapted its standard to the Alguerese dialect?
"In the time between electing new popes, what is the duty of the cardinal?"
What does a Kommunalverband besonderer Art require?
What is the name of the group that won The Sing-Off?
When was Saint Petersburg established?
Where can a student find to study art in Seattle?
What is the profession of Halyna Kolotnytska?
Which platforms did IBM begin offering the IBM Client for Smart Work on?
What was evacuated in Beijing?
Who was Gaddafi's father's father?
On what kind of system was Roman religious law focused?
"In 2014 rankings, how bad was Nigeria's corruption ranking?"
How many listed buildings are present in the Barbican area?
When was the 610 area code added?
What year was the India Gate built?
What rationale did Gaddafi use for joining the military?
What did Mill misrepresent about math?
How many people lived in Lawton in 2010?
Are the Salvadorans a large population in the U.S.?
How have the North American cougar and Asian elephant been hunted?
What was Whitehead considered as a metaphysician?
What are common less-lethal weapons?
What is SNR?
Who was the CEO in 1914?
Who led the rescue of British forces during the Battle of Yenangyaung?
Who would rule the country temporarily?
What two fields began to grow apart?
In 1884 about how many bison remained?
What was the name of a modern Chinese Army?
What were Wafd members accused of?
How many immigrants arrived at Ellis Island from 1892 to 1924?
Who was the governor of New York under which the loyalist and British raid of New Haven took place?
"By 2012, how much did the ECB spend in covering bad debt?"
In which treaty was Napoleon exiled?
How many Oklahomans speak Vietnamese?
What kind of marble was used for the walls and floors of the abbey?
In what era did cross-border policing increase?
"What Saturday Night Live sketch was Schwarzenegger referencing when he called opposing politicians ""girlie men""?"
"What dissolved the priveleges of Russian Empire, Kingdom of Prussia or Habsburg Monarchy?"
What survey results complement on data on health status?
What was William Miller's life span?
How has technology improved the study of botany?
Early Greek (before Koine) have been redone with what?
On which date was the Battle of Gravelotte?
What elements in 19th century European literature were a reaction to the romanticism movement?
Are predator's effects on prey easiest to see in the short-term or long-term?
What type of reptiles eat dogs?
What do annelids use to move?
The end of the war led to which companies unification?
When ingested in large amounts what does copper salts produce in humans?
People choose to use what type of facility due to long distances and poor care at Government hospitals?
What is the name of the island on which Atlantic City is located?
How many halls are at Notre Dame that house students?
What is the evaluator called in a breed show?
What are some neighborhoods in South Raleigh?
When is the inrush current affected by the USB specification?
what animal did hunters kill off for their hides?
What is the oldest college in South Carolina?
When was the first fictionalized account of Chopin's life?
What polymer is a major part of wood?
How many women are believed to have been sexual slaves for the Japenese Army?
"who covered and charted the single ""promised land""?"
What city was the plan based on?
"In the 19th century, what city of Egypt was a large community of Italian Egyptians?"
Who designed both the NES and SNES?
The facade of Saint Denis resembled what other well known structure?
When was this writing penned?
In what yer did Muhammad die?
How many US soldiers were killed in the battle of Mogadishu?
What was increasing and consuming a lot of bandwidth?
Who produces estimates of worldwide losses attributable to security breaches?
What models imply that changes in diversity are guided by a first-order positive feedback?
"At least how many native Alaskan languages exist, according to the Alaska Native Language Center?"
Who did Eisenhower defeat in the 1956 presidential election?
When should the noise-based speed be used?
How many uniformed services are there in the US?
How much of Pakistan's GDP came from Punjab in 2010?
In which year was the new constitution ratified?
How is trademark infringement addressed in a few jurisdictions?
Does Greg believe a later work can be substituted for a earlier one?
How is the Minister President chosen?
"The Iranian Constitution did what for Christians, Jews, and Zoroastrians in Iran?"
When was the program necessary to crawl and archive the web created?
What language besides Dutch uses the dative case instead of the accusative for pronouns?
What other cable company was reputed to have an interest in NBCUniversal?
What does UNTAG stand for?
What was 'Ebn Topnail' normally called?
Who was the colonial officer killed in China?
"Regarding atoms, what does the Planck constant imply?"
Where was Tharapita born in his legend story?
What company was dissolved after the Indian Rebellion?
When did Kurita's force enter the Sibuyan Sea?
In what century did the Nationalistic revolutions occur?
"What was Albert's nickname as he toured coal mines, factories, and railyards?"
When was the Greece that we know today officially formed ?
What television network did the AFL sign a deal with in 2000?
What is the current spectator seating capacity of Twickenham Stadium?
What term describes the introductory symmetry group of the square?
what is the section of oklahoma and texas that  Hernando de Soto traveled?
"Who composed GE's slogan ""Imagination at work?""?"
Which guitarist inspired Queen?
What is the only psychiatric hospital in Montevideo?
Where was there greater numbers of Latinos and Asian residents?
Macedonia has how many Slavic speakers?
What was the population of Alsace in 1790?
In what year were LD jukeboxes created?
THe polish nobility had many positives compared to others including what?
When was the final defeat of the Ptolemaic Kingdom?
Who was the viceregal Sakya regime overthrown by?
"For religious Jews, what does Halakha mean?"
When is control turned back over to ground control?
When was MAPS 3 passed?
How would one make to early recordings?
When did El Cid rule?
"What is 1734 design is considered one of the finest example of Palladian architecture in England, built in Norfolk?"
"The rise of what saw the independence of Greece, Serbia, the Danubian Principalities and Bulgaria?"
What was the first commercial solar concentrating system?
In which European countries do many Russian immigrants live?
Who wrote 'The History of Armenia'?
Which court case upheld the rule of nondelegation?
What does 'Palácio da Alvorada' mean?
Who did Mackintosh compare Burke to?
What are used to create geological maps?
What did early humans use to make clothing?
What genre of music is played by Westlife?
Who was in charge when the reforms was going on?
Which explorer sailed his ship into New York harbor in 1609?
How many high-level Communists were purged in the Slansky trial?
What being did Ramanuja believe was the personification of Brahman
How much money did Spielberg spend to film Close Encounters?
How old was Chopin when he left Poland?
What notable feature of the Red Lion reflects its parliamentary connection?
What are woodwind instrument's reeds often made out of?
What tradition could be found in works by Captain Beefheart and David Bowie?
Where does Tio Ellinas race?
What happened to those Jews who remained?
"When the Cubs started playing, who was their owner?"
What causes the color of hematite and red ochre?
what was the name of Blake Baxter's 1986 hit recording?
Scholars disagree on whether emissaries were accompanied by Buddhist what?
What is the split in the State House of Representatives?
What sitting Connecticut U.S. senator graduated from Yale University in New Haven?
In what district of London is The Fitzroy Tavern located?
Insects notice what type of movement?
How many UEFA Championship League titles has Barcelona won?
How many royal weddings have occurred at the abbey?
How is a mayor chosen in Cork?
When did the Arabian oryx become extinct?
What nationality was Sergei Fyodorov?
What activity did Kanye West start doing when he was five?
How much of the population is over age 60?
Who was sent to survey the California coast in 1602?
The local communities have accepted equinut because it is similar to what native recipe?
What was the pier on Burnham -on-sea used for
Where does water splitting occur?
What year did the PVO Strany become independent?
What group did Maulana Masood Azhar lead?
Victoria initially opposed Beatrice's marriage to what man?
What did Kerry's brother call the decade after 1972?
What was the name Loughborough University was known by from 1966 to 1996?
In what century did the Latin alphabet replace the runic system in Old English writing?
How could a white child be considered a member of the Omaha tribe?
What did Victoria believe that an official proclamation transferring control from the company to the monarchy would do?
What Scythian weapon was used during this era?
What rank is NCO status achieved in the US Army?
Is there such a thing as bilingual state?
Why would cats and dogs potentially become companions in captivity?
What is one area where captive slaves were sent?
How did Peirce view inductive vs deductive reasoning?
Why was the case of Elk Grove Unified School District v. Newdow overturned?
What type of school was the Avery Normal Institute?
What 30 hour event raised more than a million dollars for charity in 2011?
What does the Opening of the Triodion derive from?
What are the main attractions of the Uruguayan Carnival?
What was the original purpose for the construction of the Tate Gallery?
When did Egyptians start to make red pigment?
"Where was Kerry's boat on Dec 2-3, 1968?"
How did Archaic Indians use fire?
What was the NAS primarily a base for?
How is public notice given regarding a listing?
What determines a mammals diet type?
How many newborns were born with issues due to Kevadon?
When was the Premier League established?
What was Morrison forced to do in response to the Communist Party?
Who said that we should examine the impact a message has on the recipient of the message?
What does the low virulence of HIV allow victims to do?
Why did Schumann say the Poles were in mourning?
What is another term for social insect?
"When did Thomas Edward Gordon publish ""The Problem of the Middle East""?"
What influenced House music?
Who did Bell marry in 1877?
Where are both newspapers available?
Who did Beyoncé part ways with during her hiatus?
What two entities was the foundation divided into
What is the official title of Delhi's head of state?
What attractions does Portugal have to offer tourists?
Who was Britain's last serious rival after Napoleon?
What did Tuvalu do in 2013 in regards to it least developed country status?
What did Pope Pius V establish in 1570?
How did the Endangered Species Act impact wildlife commerce?
What do Jehovah Witnesses believe their religion is a restoration of?
What was done after Amanda Todd's death?
"When was ""Rumble"" released?"
What does the Kuiper belt consist of?
What color LED was demonstrated in 1994?
What color was the special U2 iPod model?
What two examples of ideas from Immanuel Velikovsky are stated as to have gained some acceptance?
What device did Herschel use to discover the infrared?
"Why did Libya become an ""international pariah""?"
Who moved the capital from Nanjing to Beijing?
What was Eisenhower's job title during the first year his brother went to college?
What part of birds was found on an expedition to Mt. Everest?
How did they believe their forebears lived ?
"What is the nickname of the University of Tennessee, Knoxville athletic teams?"
Was child labour rampagnt in Australia?
What year did William R. Brody join the IBM Board of Directors?
Why did John Quinton and Peter Leaver resign as chairman and chief excutive?
How many people that are of Greek ascendancy live elsewhere than Greece ?
What are inflected for number in Czech?
Who was assassinated on 1 March 2009?
What event led Eisenhower to want to improve highways in the US?
In what sea is Elba located?
How long do most subatomic particles exist for in a lab?
"What type of whales were once common in Norfolk Island, but hardly any remain today?"
What was Detroit's murder rate in the mid to late 80s?
What is thought to have eroded Greece's potential output?
What video input format is not supported by the 360 E?
What percentage of homicides were committed by Asians between 1980 and 2008?
What was the population of Salonica in 1800?
What rank did Everton place in the 1997 Premiership league?
When was IBM's system released?
"According to Christianity, who is the ""One""?"
What can happen to an arrogant wrestler?
Which topic did Feynman's commencement speech at Caltech center around?
What did researcher Geng Qingguo say was sent to the State Seismological Bureau?
When was the Bell Telephone Memorial constructed?
Who did rating agencies rely on for information to rate financial innovation products?
How many Soviet prisoners did german take within the first six months of war between the two countries?
Who wrote Robinson Crusoe?
How man Armenians resided in Azerbaijan in 1970?
What was the literacy rate on Tuvalu in 2002?
Why are the tops of glaciers rigid?
What nationality wears kilts?
Mass is also equivalent to what?
Why were travelers often robbed under Fujiwara rule?
What is the conservative Evangelical Christian region called?
What was the policy created by President Roosevelt due to the boom in defense jobs?
Where was the dispersal attempt made?
What was the population of Tuscon in 1940?
Haredi and Hasidic Jewry have a stronger connection to what country?
What is the purpose of the Three Gorges Dam?
When were French nobles converted to Protestantism?
What browser did Andreessen release in 1994?
What type of issue exist over the territories in the South China sea?
What unit is used to measure current?
Which lifelong friend did Popper make in Dunedin?
What is Tucson's NBC station?
The value quoted here for the Planck constant is based on a measurement in what year?
Who was the president of Sudan in 1975?
What can happen if two over-lapping Grand Lodges are in Amity and decide to share jurisdiction?
In what century did the Carnival become an organized event?
How much did the percentage of households with access to the internet increase between 2006 and 2013?
What Socio economic problems does Utrecht face
Extremely bright lights used to deter crime are called?
How many Austrian troops did Charles lead at the Battle of Wagram?
What marked the beginning of the Roman Republic?
What does Digimon stand for?
How long is the amount of railway lines that are electrified?
What month is the warmest in Seattle?
What model is widely used in macrosociology?
What are codons?
How many people attended the Monet exhibit?
How many people are considered Protestant?
What new phase of matter can be considered with a focus on elementary particles?
When was a press release put out about Kerry earning the Silver Star?
How much were both supplies worth?
What country had a record-setting 2 million new cases of TB in 2007?
What sport is played at the Swarnandhra Pradesh Sports Complex?
What is the attendant who has a large fan base called?
How much additional binder does rolled asphalt concrete have?
What type of equipment does the postal union provide?
How many members are in the Supreme court?
Who serves as president of the Senate?
What began to spring up around the post-punk music?
What was another requirement of foreign players?
Who refuted the statement that the Queen was critical of the European Union?
What is the decline in PC sales attributed to?
"How would you convey that something is ""presently of importance"" in Swedish?"
On which date were the French forced to abandon Orleans?
Webcomics reach large audiences and new what?
The Royal Dutch Shell Group was created through the merger of which two rival companies?
What happened to the Summer Palace?
What color silk covered Bell's kites?
Where had Claridge previously seen asphalt used as pavement?
Who represents the 7th district?
What is one thing that was added in this project?
Storyboards are used a lot by what?
What resulted from the loss of the area the glaciers over the Alps?
What are some famous Cypriot artists?
In what year does 'Terra Nova' begin?
What looks at the entire DNA mixture?
How many previously-separate phyla did the 2007 study reclassify?
Which president was the first to use wiretaps to find bootleggers?
Who replaced Liniers?
Which Nobel Prize winner graduated from BYU?
What language replaced Pascal for System 7?
Whitehead's education style was to teach what?
What is the name of the person who handed off the torch to the torchbearer in the United States 2008 Olympic relay?
What school was Trubetzkoy a member of?
Who purchased the 13th century mosaic from the the San Cipriano Church?
Who notably produced monster and science fiction films for Universal?
What label did NBC sell in 1986?
Were Greek temples built in the Hellenistic period larger or smaller than classical temples?
What was a major objective of Britain in joining the Austro-Russian alliance?
In what city and state is the Arena Football League based?
Where did the Japanese rush reinforcments to on the western side of Leyte?
What 1945 film was a fictionalized accounting of the relationship between Chopin and Sand?
What has an irreversable effect?
When did Max Planck first recognize the value of the Planck constant?
Mali has one of the highest rates of what type of mortality?
What conclusions were race anthropologists pressured to revise?
Where has interest outside of those areas mainly come from?
What is the name of the BYU campus in Jerusulem?
"What genre was Steven Spielberg's episode of ""The Name of the Game""?"
How many countries were slated for the Zune Marketplace launch?
What is the volumte of trucks handled at the Otay Mesa crossing?
What was the average unemployment rate in the U.S. in 2014?
What English representative body provided consent for royal taxation?
When did the Mayor's Trophy Game end?
What does the field of anthrozoology overlap with?
What may have been buried by the same prehistoric people?
What office was held by Fiame Mata'afa Faumuina Mulinu'u II?
If a team is relegated in the Premier League what type of tv payment do they receive?
What disease do hospitals hope to prevent by installing copper doornobs?
How many hosts are recognized by an iPod the first time they're used?
In what manner are the described genetic alternations given to future generations?
Why did western power believe that the soviet government wouldn’t partake in another world war?
Which nickname did Feynman receive?
Who taught and accepted the belief that biologically distinct races were isomorphic?
Who restored communications over a period of months?
When did the Carolina Hurricanes start in Raleigh?
How much was China going to invest in the European Galileo positioning system project?
What was the name of the song that Kris Allen and Adam Lamber released after American Idol?
When did THe Contemporary Art museum of the Louis Vuitton Foundation open?
What is the name of Chopin's eldest sister?
When did the EU create the European Constitution?
Which territory did Margaret Thatcher compare Hong Kong to?
What is the term that refers to the body process that produces new proteins?
Who won the war?
What is the armed conflict form 1775 to 1783 is known as?
What is gain?
Where is Southern Hills Country Club?
"If the paper is not to be used in the web printing process, what is done?"
Who is returning as host?
Who gave the coat of arms to others?
"What do Jehovah Witnesses see themselves as, which transcends national boundaries and ethnic loyalties?"
What is the population of Florida
Which conflicts brought Europeans into contact with Arabs prior to the 12th century?
"In Africa, the finances are often moved where?"
The synagogue located in Bet She'an had what kind of symbols depicted in its mosaic?
Which online activity has been consistently associated with increased liklihood of depression?
"In what year did the European Parliament adopt a resolution to remove ""race"" from all official texts?"
"From the beginning of the 21st century, how does the population growth in urban areas compare to the countryside?"
How does Houston's George Bush Intercontinental Airport rank for number of passengers?
What belief system taught the idea of samsara?
Where did the torch relay begin in London for the 2008 Olympics?
When was the Congo's train system built?
Who owns the majority of critical habitat?
What is another pre-modern Chinese name for Tibet?
What is a common feature of passive solar architecture?
What states that energy tends to become more evenly spread out across the universe?
What company produced nylon and acrylic in the 1930s and 1940s?
What did the RCC do with remnants of the monarchy?
How much did China National Petroleum Corp and Sinopec donate?
What did the use of pottery help early Japanese societies develop?
How many versions of the iPod currently exist?
When did Britain withdraw from the Maldives?
What country conquered the Algiers from the Ottomans in   1830?
Is residential architecture in Melbourne defined by a single architectural style or an eclectic mix of buildings?
The German rocket center was located in what city?
What problem arises for fast and large capacity elevators?
Beyonce holds the record for how many wins in one night by a female?
Which bird system is large relative to a bird's size?
What type of traders did the trading companies employ on Tuvalu?
What did people in the crowd wave at the beginning of the relay?
"Notre Dame got a ""B"" for its sustainability practices from which entity?"
"In Lazarus' view, what could the cognitive activity be if it was not conscious?"
What are a couple examples of Summer music festivals held in Portugal?
A Universal Machine is known as what today?
What are estuaries called in Galicia?
Who founded the Atlanta-based Intercontinental Exchange?
Who was the Prime Minister who reached this agreement with the US?
What was the name of vincent van Gogh's brother?
In what century were distinct Gothic details used on new construction at Oxford and Cambridge?
What school provides maritime education on Tuvalu?
What was the name of the airport the United States built on Ascension Island?
How are minor infectious diseases treated?
On what campus is the University of Kansas School of Engineering located?
Why was dBASE successful?
Who created the script for the story scenes?
In what year was Cesar made pontifex maximus?
How long did Stalins version of what happened between the Germans and the Soviets last?
"How diverse is Zhejiang, linguistically speaking?"
What brothers have had significant classical training?
How many inquiries did Mintini receive regarding missing persons ?
Why are 99% of pesticide related deaths in underdeveloped countries?
How are goods imported to Norfolk Island?
How many orginal founding patrons are there of the Great Amphictyonic League ?
When did he step down?
Where do the cardinals work?
What song off of Kanye's fifth album was a hit internationally?
"In 2013-14, how much did the Premier League's Welsh clubs increase by?"
What other people worked with von Neumann on target selection?
How long do passage migrants stop and feed before resuming migration?
"In additional to rising populations and increased urbanisation, what else did Commercial development increase the need for?"
What is produced on a computer display when light from the green primary is mixed with some light from the blue primary?
Which journalist criticized the Wii version for its controls?
What bans the killing of all wild animals in India?
How many students attended Eton free of charge in 2014?
"Before 1857, who controlled most of India?"
"What was the name of the route that linked Germany,Switzerland , Netherlands, and England"
What does there medicines do for livestock?
How many all-male boarding schools exist in the UK?
What has caused more people of mixed races to the US?
What is consumed on Ash Wednesday?
Where does rationalism say knowledge comes from?
When did the Montgomery Bus Boycott take place?
During what years were the bones moved from Cimetiere des Innocents to the catacombs?
What is Switzerland's ranking for per capita gross domestic product on the IMF list?
How long did the presidential term become under the new constitution?
What subatomic particle has no volume or rest mass?
What is a popular use for LED lighting?
How long did it take for Jacobi's first world record to be broken?
Who are two prominent members of the PLP?
What system was adopted in Hungary after WWII?
"What is to be used to guarantee the debtors repayment, by the banks assuming their debt?"
Approximately how much was spent on non-food retail sales in London in 2010?
What system delegates military and foreign affairs to the central government and local affairs to the city states?
How many finalists made it to the finals for seasons two and three?
How long is a quarter in minutes?
Which company purchased Latimer's patent?
How does Oklahoma rank among US states for producing natural gas?
What was the title of Kanye's sixth album?
When was Catalan's Golden Age as a dominant language?
What percentage of the City of Bostons population is 19 and under?
What persisted and led to the Eritrean-Ethiopian War of 1998-2000?
Where are the clicks meant for the top level page routed?
Who did Russia help during the Hungarian Revolution?
How tall is the JP Morgan Chase Tower?
Can a homosexual person still grow their sexual identiries while with the opposit sex?
What makes Armenia's presidential elections faulty?
Who annexed Alsace to the new German Empire in 1871?
Who replaced Dowding on November 25?
How did the ruler of Pontus anger Rome?
Where is the Bahá'í place of worship located in Samoa?
How many protesters filled Lenin Square on August 19th?
What activity is done using a greased pole?
"Some people waved plastic inflated flames, saying they symbolize what?"
How are political parties elected in democracies?
What was designed for the west front of the abbey but not built?
Where was the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert held?
How much did the Genesis version of Mortal Kombat out-sell the SNES version?
Who was the inaugural Communist Party Secretary of Zhenjiang?
What was the reason that many rescue teams could not join the relief efforts?
Where is Saraiki usually spoken?
What did Ibn Sina classify into stones?
How many forklift are available for use in it everyday production?
"Who built the ""ascending room"", in 1823?"
How many public parks did Penn plan?
Which president of the US awarded Lee the Presidential Medal of Freedom?
Who was in control of Estonia before the Germans?
How did Anjiro think the Japanese would accept Christianity?
Companies including Viacom and Mediaset have done what against youtube?
Who expanded on Avicenna's work in temporal logic?
what year was it said the first island landing was made?
Where did the first relay runner disappear to with the torch??
The Vietnam War was an element of what US diplomatic policy?
What transformed a large part of the world in the 19th century?
Who was in control of the south of China?
What three names did Portugal become known as after Vimara Peres was knighted?
What medium has seen the biggest fall in sales as of late?
On what day did Duke William II of Normandy become King of England?
Which Queen album was released in 1991?
When did the Qing dynasty begin to rule in Tibet?
Disease propagation can fall under the purview of what field of study?
What is one important category of building that was recognized during the Romanesque period?
What kind of ports are Taizhou and Ningbo?
How does the prey improve their evolutionary abilities through predator-prey interaction?
At what rough time did the Cambrian era start?
What purpose did Norfolk Island serve for the majority of the time from 1788 until 1855?
Which organism acts as a single non coding RNA gene?
Which part of his body did Schwarzenegger work to develop with Coach Bennett?
What was the name of the settlement that was assessed after the evactuation?
How old was Monica Bellucci when she filmed Spectre?
What radiates two lobes perpendicular to the antennas axis?
What is Brasilia famous for?
What was being protested in Estonia?
What other areas has wrestling garnered interest from?
What was there an influx of waves of coming into Sumerian lands?
When did the Israeli air force destroy Iraq's sole nuclear reactor?
Where is South Western Ambulance Service NHS Foundation Trust headquartered?
"What did Jefferson refuse to issue, when it was sent to him by Congress during his presidency?"
What is another name for magister?
What party benefited from the accession of Valens?
What process converts solar energy into storable and transportable fuels?
"After the 2003 incident, what was the next major year in which conerns were raised?"
What type of journal does the Law Review strive to publish?
"Did MUSE have a large or small target market, even in Japan?"
What is undisputed about early humans?
What is the technique Aavic used to create Estonian words out of nothing?
"Along with individual tributes, what form did TCM Remembers occur in?"
Why did the Chinese goverment denounce the accord?
What intellectual movement informed and influenced a variety of post-punk artists?
How many students attended the school?
What is the differing characteristic of contemporary computer science?
Literature intended for performance is what?
Spectre passed which movie to have the largest per screen opening average?
Where could a householder rekindle the home's flame?
What moves through the arteries?
What sort of theme is thought memorable for modern pub names?
With what French city is Plymouth twinned?
What type of weapon is the Polybolos?
What chapter in the Spanish constitution describes how bills are to be passed?
What type of atmosphere can LED lighting be used?
Arterial microinjuries and heart disease can all be linked back to which health issue that is caused by hyperinsulinemia?
Did Athanasius tell the people to protest?
On which recording types were pre-emphasis used most in the 1920s?
"After Gaddafi stepped down from the GPC, what title did he take?"
What wildlife was covered by the first federal wildlife commerce regulation?
Comcast's purchase of Spectator gave them what sports teams in Philadelphia?
What negative effects can antibiotics have on the vaginal area?
The standard description of measurement in quantum mechanics is what?
"If dendrochronology can't be used, what method would scientists employ to date wood?"
What type of educational institution does the term madrasa refer?
What is the Usher of the Order?
Can the antenna serve more than one fungtion at a time?
How much does the America-class amphibious assault ship weigh?
What three areas of the globe were protests reported as not big?
What was the primary problem with early carbon filaments?
What forms of availability dictated Pre-agrarian diets?
How much water is necessary to result in this darkening affect?
What is the one way Hayek argued that resource distribution could succeed?
What is another name for a fission/fusion bomb?
Who was the Roman emporer?
Which art was important in religious symbolism and as a decoration in the Ottoman empire?
What years were presidential debates held at Washington University?
Who can be credited with finding out DDT is useful as an insecticide?
Why did many software developers choose not to redesign the Mac operating system and rewrite the programming code?
Corporal punishment is a form of what type of pain?
Why do birds primarily migrate?
What war ended in 1479?
What did the temple-centered social organization of the farming peoples allow them to mobilize?
"To what part of the prey does Richard Dawkins refer to as the ""survival machine""?"
What company did Dell team with in late 2008?
What did Chopin help Pauline Viardot with?
What forbid harmful  incantations?
How many people moved to New York City between April 2010 and July 2014?
Panter Hudspith refurbished a 14th-century foodstore into what?
What did Zaire used to be known as?
What system of social organization was used in Japan?
For what culture is the Vedic period named?
What season is red identified with in China?
The Jolt Hall of Fame inducted DeveloperWorks in what year?
When did King Edward the Confessor die?
What was the name of the song that Kris Allen and Adam Lamber released after American Idol?
"The ""slap dance"" probably mimics the movements of Samoans trying to rid themselves of what creatures?"
Who is Martha Ann Ricks?
What pagan deity may have had a temple where the Valencia Cathedral is now?
The Peace Pagoda built in New Delhi by the Nipponzan Myohoji was inaugurated by which prominent figure?
What English phrase does I ❤ NY represent?
When did Adventures of Tintin debut?
What are other incentives that NPO emplotees can be offered instead of higher wages?
How much of Valencia's land is used for agriculture?
Which epithet did Apollo have as god of music and arts?
Where did the torch route start in Buenos Aires?
Who made significant addition to a charming little quirky  scientific deviant that lead to the winning of a prestigious award of recognition and gave birth to a model ?
What was Victoria's dog's name?
In what year was Chopin born?
Who was the first person to bring all of Greece together?
When does Nanjing expect to finish it's light rail line?
Where must enclitics appear in a sentence?
What is another name for the Confederacy's executive mansion?
At what level does Popper indicate his view of scientific methodology applies?
Where is a good place to find dramatic plays all year in Cork?
When did the People's Republic of China take control of Mainland China?
"After its April departure, when did the torch return to China?"
What music festival does Utrecht host
The design of what was modified slightly?
Which group did Tito order his forces to assist?
What helped the Germans dominate trade?
How much of the wood in a tree is sapwood at some point in its life?
In what year did Rothko donate Passion of Christ murals?
At what altitude did the American dive bombers commence their attck on the Japanese carriers?
The four truths explain the nature of what?
What neighborhood is the Marriott Starr Pass Resort & Spa in?
Insects can change their gait to deal with the loss of what?
How long ago are the earliest texts of Indian/Hindu philosophy dated?
What was New Haven's last professional sports team?
What reduced the independence of British overseas possessions from their commanders in London?
What type of song is frequently seen in the adult contemporary genre?
What part of 2012 was to have seen Phase I of Miami Central Station begin?
What does rendering software display when it can't process a Unicode character?
What school within the University of Southern California does the Schwarzenegger Institute for State and Global Policy belong to?
Where did Güshi Khan resettle his tribe?
"What house of the Supreme Soviet was not functioning as of December 26, 1991?"
Masons swear to protect their brethren unless they what?
How many Muslims fled the Balkans with the Ottoman armies?
Until what year was the Academie royale de peinture et de sculpture the top art school?
What is its longest river?
From where did the ideology of the Liberals stem?
Whch astronomer developed a heliocentric system?
What is the United States Statutes at Large?
What town hosts the largest number of Marshall Islanders outside the Marshall Islands?
What is the purpose of a junction forward voltage?
What is the name of the parking meter system in Mexico City?
How was the proposal taken from mainland and aboriginal groups?
"According to surveys in 2007 and 2009, what percent of the population believes in cults of ancestors?"
How were window decals used in the Bronx in the 1980s?
When was the Armenian military created?
What other companies were named in the suit filed by Pat-rights?
On what street can Shabaaz Restaurant be found?
Why should the counsel received from the Governing Body be trusted?
What was Von Neumann's child's name?
Are minority leadership roles specified closely?
How else can they serve the U.S.?
What year did Carrie Underwood win a Country Music Award for Best Female Artist?
Who are two examples of the top football players born in Portugal?
Who are Scout's two primary female models?
Who wrote the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom?
When was Munammad Huayn Haykal's first modern novel published?
What is one example of how students can benefit from videoconferencing?
Who paid for most of the 1848 music tour of Chopin?
What is the Nanjing Library's ranking in China?
The Diocese of Saint Helena has it's own what?
In which year did Gonzalez receive renomination?
"For crucial values, what type of values do translators use where possible?"
President Kennedy was killed when?
What machine strips off the entire head of the cotton plant?
What religion was Steven Spielberg's family?
"What was the film ""Jaws"" nominated for?"
"What is implied by the global term of ""Indian""?"
Did the India goverment take any actions against child labour?
When did the Cubs announce a move of their top class A affiliate from Daytona to Myrtle Beach?
when was the internet developed?
When was the biggest cathedral in Switzerland built?
When did the Soviet Union break up?
Where was the iHeartRadio Music Festival held in 2013?
What kind of success did barrage balloons have as far as bringing down aircraft?
Who hosts shows on BBC broadcasts outside of England?
"What is the Premier League's ""Basic Award Fund"" for?"
What does PCB stand for?
Where are Slavic speaking groups generally found?
The final investment decision for what was finalized by Royal Dutch Shell in May 2011?
What was the name of the professor Hayek worked for as a research assistant?
Who designed the COMPASS navigation system?
"Along with Miami Springs, where is the highest point of the Biscayne Aquifer?"
In what century did Nimbarka live?
What are the constituents of Class 2 transposable elements?
What favorable developments occurred for Prussia in Hanover?
"In neutering, what is removed in female dogs?"
"When did Gaddafi rule as the ""Brotherly Leader""?"
"At its onset, what can be measured in blood or saliva?"
Locke refuted whose political theory?
What does ftp stand for?
What is included in the elevator's design?
What is sheftalia?
How many territories is the Premier League broadcast to?
"When DNA has different markers, how it that presented in plants?"
In what century did the Romans arrive in Britain?
Gautama combined the yoga practice of what teacher?
What was the term for the practice of giving incentives to peasants to cultivate new lands?
How many people attended the Lviv pre-election meetings?
When was BCCI shut down?
What type of system did he develop?
How did the reforms of Britains voting system affect the House of Commons?
Which movie previously had the highest earnings for its first seven days?
Why did Darwin feel plants had something comparable to a brain?
What part of a tree is the cross-sectional area of the sapwood approximately proportional to?
At what age might men required to serve in the National Guard?
What was mostly missing during the Eastern Han?
Who designed the SNES controllers?
"In the US, what is the main tool to track and stimulate voluntary actions?"
What country found bank accounts and real estate owned by the Sassou regime?
Why is tort law hard to standardize?
When did ceremonial regalia first appear in the Masonic culture?
What are some popular childhood diseases?
What day did Radio Saint Helena start operations?
What did Sutton mean in the Old English language?
"Which piece is the best, in terms of preservation condition?"
Which political philosophy does Greece follow?
What does the MoD wish to strengthen?
What other terms might be used to refer to a treaty?
What organization continued Nasser's philosophies?
What is the theoretical LER value of tungsten at its melting point?
In what year was Croatia admitted to the European Union?
What might have encouraged landlords to abandon or destroy buildings?
Who was the governor of North carolina in 1767?
Who have argued for the separation of church and state for reasons having nothing to do with a desire for a secular culture?
"In 2012, which team was automatically qualified for the champion's league even though they did not place in the top four?"
How many China Mobile base stations stopped working?
Where are glaciers in Africa located?
How many total digital songs has Kanye West sold in the US?
When did the CPJP finally sign the peace agreement?
When was Oklahoma's centennial year?
When did New Orleans elect it's first black Mayor?
An uplift of what formed Antarctica?
Where was Karadzic when he was finally arrested?
"Along with animals, what is depicted on the rock paintings of Laas Geel?"
"PepsiCo fell to what place by 2010, which is in part credited with refusing to sponsor American Idol?"
What was Sega's competitor to the NES called in Japan?
What is the premier basketball league?
When was Galdan killed?
How can a wrestler gain an advantage by using a referee?
What date was Neptune drawn first?
When had Catalan covered the eastern end of the Pyrenees?
Where is the Greek Island of Antikythera located between?
Who was Eisenhower's senator?
In the aftermath of which war was the U.S. granted Puerto Rico?
In what unit did Nasser serve?
"In 2011-12, how many ""Big Four"" clubs finished outside the top four places in the league?"
How many unique downloads had there been from the PlayStation Store by late 2009?
What kind of lasers are crystals of zinc suflde used in?
What is the typical size of a ceramic mosaic tile?
What science was botany considered to be a part of?
Who represents the Defence Medical Services on the Defence Staff?
What is hunted from the back of an elephant?
What did a Peking professor say about Chinese media coverage?
How much have the domestic televsion rights increased from 2010-12 to 2012-13?
Where did the Gurkhas come into power?
What adjective describes how our eyes function without a tool like a microscope to help?
What does the diet of cultivated ducks consistof ?
Who investigated the agreement between the Premier League and Sky in 2002?
Constructs may be the result rather than the inciter of what?
What type of engine was invented by the Romans?
What type of human knowledge is math?
Who was allowed to leave the village?
What are two examples of high school football all-star games?
How many houses was the Swiss national assembly divided into?
Who is the current team manager of England's football team?
When did Elizabeth support constitutional amendments in Canada?
"What group hosts the a capella competition ""Sa Re Ga Ma Pella""?"
With what airline does Amtrak codeshare for transit to Newark Airport that originates or terminates at Union Station?
What is St. Christopher the patron saint of?
When was the phrase Irano-Aryan first used?
What is the growth forecast for Cambodia in 2009?
What does the scientific method's rationality depend on?
When did the Mesozoic end?
What agreement gave the authority for deployment of military intervention?
Did all Arians believe the same things?
What influential novel did Joanot Martorell write?
"What is one thing, according to the text, that domesticated dogs use humans for?"
"To travel from Biscayne Bay to Miami, in what direction would one move?"
When did Victoria inherit the throne of England?
Where are the soundholes located?
Hunted species are usually referred to as what?
What script is derived from the cursive script?
What is the name of an audio format developed by Apple?
Did rising efficiency in production and communication lower or raise the prices of consumer goods?
What is the capacity of the Barcelona stadium?
When was Gaddafi born?
When was a coup d'etat staged?
What is most impressive about Mount Shishaldin in comparison to Mount Fuji?
Who enslaved these people?
When did the 360 surrender its lead in total sales?
What allows a computer to perform repetitive tasks without human intervening?
How many households are there in Tucson as of 2010?
What part of Richmond is Maymont close to?
The Noble Eightfold Path is which Noble Truth?
Who is the director of the curator of Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum?
What is the acctepted era of post-punk?
What was the reason Japan gave for the war?
What lead to the architectural changes in Myanmar ?
Which powerful Galician lords did they murder?
What happened to the rest of the animal?
How many years of study would it take to obtain a degree from a polytechnic in Singapore?
Who make the Turks retreat back to Batum?
Whose piano method did Chopin teach his students?
Who conquered Jerusalem from the Turks?
Who started trials in August 1936?
Who performed crucifixion experiments in the 20th century to test theories?
When did The Norddeutsche Affinerie electroplating plant first begin production?
Who led the British during the Battle of the Nile?
What is the capital city of Norfolk Island?
Where is TF1 located?
What German areas were beginning to oppose Prussia?
What causes the temperature to decrease?
Who coordinates the deployment of thee Aeromedical Evacuation?
What is the author of the letter assumed to be?
What country did Cardinal Araujo Sales represent?
How many organisations are estimated to maintain computer systems with effective detection systems?
When was Yerevan State Medical Institute renamed to Yerevan State Medical University?
"In 1730, what percentage of New York households were slave-holding?"
When was the first American Baptist church established?
What tragedy did Victoria face in July of 1900?
What international exercises does the RCN partake in?
Which minerals comprise 40 percent of those in the province?
Where did the rebel barons congregate?
Why were peripheral pattern theory and gate control theory left behind?
What percentage did Patasse win with?
What month and day did Watson and Bell have a breakthrough?
What sort of airspace is the DCA designed to protect?
What is one important category of building that was recognized during the Romanesque period?
What was built near Morovic for Tito to use in the event of his recovery?
What sorts of people are more likely to be emotionally expressive?
When was ClarisWorks reincorporated back into Apple?
Who had a wine cellar at the Palace of Whitehall?
What company mines salt in Detroit?
What natural disaster put an end to the war in Apia harbour?
Which countries' colonies were given to the Allied powers in 1919?
Who did Von Neumann begin his studies of advanced calculus under?
How many households were there in Atlantic City?
"What is an example of an emotion that, under psychological construction theory, is not the same from one case to another?"
Why did Rice withdraw?
"What kind of bural was at Adaoutse, Bouches-du-Rhône?"
What determines the extent to which renewable energy is to be incorporated into a country's generation mix?
Who was the Guinness record attributed to?
When was Takeda born?
Which presidential administration developed Safe Harbor policy?
What is the other name for the street trams?
How many Jews were arrested following German orders?
How many symbols does each gene have?
What type of letters are *ć and *dź?
How many miles of public beach are located in New York City?
What type of conduct of a party to a treaty can invalidate the consent of another party?
How many people attended the service in Lviv?
Who announced that SV40 was not associated with cancer?
How does Alberta handle NPOs filing for incorporation?
The Treaty of Brest-Litovsk ceded land to what state?
What is the title of Notre Dame's Theodore Hesburgh?
"""The Little Horse"" is also known as what?"
Which campus is home to the fraternity quads?
When did Attalus III die?
He is still known today as what?
What was outstanding about Frederick's victory in the Battle of Liegnitz?
When did Bhaktapur receive coverage from the fire department?
Why did the government refuse to allow the London Underground stations to be used as shelters?
What show did several members of the cast and crew appear on in March 2015?
The USB specification states that the required USB icon must be what?
Is child labour a new issue in these Asian countries?
Who was questioned on live TV?
What did Parliament promise to pass as a result of increased pub closures?
What tribe covered most of the republic of Macedonia?
"According to the 2000 United States Census, what percentage of the population of Atlantic City were Hispanic or Latino?"
Where was the Maghribi script most commonly used by Quran copyists?
What is the name of the Buddhist doctrine that states that phenomena arise together in a mutually interdependent web of cause and effect?
Why were civic and political leaders worried about Dowdings?
Santa Monica plans on water independence by what year?
"In the early 1900s, what percentage of Miami's population was of African origin?"
What type of hazard is noxious chemicals?
"In degrees Fahrenheit, what was the highest temperature achieved in Plymouth between 1971 and 2000?"
What sort of current is induced when the capacitance of a capacitor is altered?
What did critics believe about The Sun and Lord Kilbracken's ideas on AIDS?
Greece's climate is mainly of what type?
What units are the bulb sizes measured in?
Who scaled back some reforms from Yeltsin?
"What did Newton's philosophy do when applied to life,"
When did Orlam clans settle in Namibia?
The phrase modern originated form what?
Who devised the Weston film speed ratings?
When did the Tacoma-Seattle rail service end?
By the 18th century which languages was Vasaris book translated in?
On what day of the week will travel remain unrestricted by New Delhi's alternate day driving scheme?
British involvement in European matters in the late 19th century was considered what?
With what educational facility is KEXP-FM aligned?
Where did the Austronesian people settle down in Indonesia?
"Which edict freed slaves across most of the Confederacy, but technically not Tennessee?"
What's on the other side of the Hudson from the Bronx?
Who stripped the previous record?
Who did The Sun say was in favor of British withdrawal from the European Union?
Ananda was called upon to recite what?
"According to Popper, a theory is scientific only is it is susceptible to what?"
Who said that the Marshalls are the most endangered nation in the world?
Which case concerning White and Hispanic firefighters was heard by the Supreme Court in 2009?
When did the division of cyborg anthropology originate?
What is the term used for birds that employ many strategies to obtain food?
What happens to a treaty that was designed to terminate under certain conditions when those conditions are actually met?
How many bathrooms does the palace have?
The restriction of what enzyme allows broad-spectrum herbicides to kill plants?
What was Detroit's murder rate in 2014?
"Chinese children have been known to make electronics, toys and what else?"
Who's photographs accompanied William Howard Russell documentation?
What state operates the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library?
Why did Victoria visit Ireland in 1861?
What beginnings rose from the dead ashes of post-punk?
What did James believe emotion was synonymous with?
What radical MP did Victoria object to being appointed to the cabinet by Gladstone?
What battle took place in the San Pasqual Valley?
What did the emperor risk if he did not accept the decisions of the court conference?
How is the genetic code read?
What ICC prosector claimed that Gaddafi had ordered soldiers to rape opposition women?
What kind of state of matter do unsaturated fats typically have at room temperature?
What did the US begin building in 1941?
The officials in Mexico reduced the price of what food from six cents to two cents per pound?
What is another term for anti-aircraft warfare?
What is thermal mass?
What is one of the types of Authorized Badges in the USAF?
What do EMALS enable the launching of?
Which entity runs the Bronx's public noncharter schools?
William Cullen and Joseph Black shared what two occupations?
What format besides H.264 was playable with HTML5?
How soon after the earthquake was Premier Wen Jiabao on his way to the area?
Anti-infective drugs became more prominent after what war?
Who was responsible for the construction of Kasthamandap temple?
How many members are on each of these two teams?
Who has shown support for ambitious renewable energy goals?
In 1844 how many Aborigines resident in squalid camps in Melbourne?
In addition to providing for the needs of travelers what was another typical use for an inn?
"Firms such as Eli Lilly, Pfizer, and AstraZeneca have settled claims under what act?"
Who imposed the Treaty of Lhasa?
What other word changes can occur in derivations?
How is Japanese wrestling similar to American?
"What caused early aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers?"
"What year did forbes list Oklahoma city as ""recession proof""."
What year was the Telecommunications Tower constructed?
When did scientists begin searching for a more defined guideline for textual criticism?
How much gold in grams was one dollar equivalent to?
What is the largest makhtesh in the world?
What is the function of an Alaskan recording district?
Whose independent label became a hub for the industrial scene?
When was 4 released?
Where was the UAOC protest held?
Where did Queen host a free concert in 1976?
New Brunswick was split off from which province?
"What is the ""Roaring Twenties"" ?"
When were the Byzantines expelled?
What genre did the music of Billy Ocean belong to?
How man pins did the pre-Lightning dock connecter use?
What year did UK polytechnics start functioning in a binary education system?
What type of chemical attachment connects ions to the network?
What do reception statutes state is the law of the state?
"what usually has a larger network, the ISP of the customer or the upstream ISP?"
Who was Barcelona's first full time coach?
What is one of the thermochemical processes that has been explored besides electrolysis?
What year did Elizabeth Longford write a biography of Victoria?
What military unit was charged with intercepting Napoleon?
What is it called when a public test continues indefinitely?
"In what year did Gabe Newell call the PS3 ""a total disaster""?"
"How many albums does Kanye have on the ""500 Greatest Albums of All Time"" list?"
Which title is CBC's flagship newscast?
What practices should have been adjusted by governments to address 21st-century financial markets?
What is a first person singular  feature of the Balearic standard?
what region was made available to english traders by  the Mughal emperor?
"Movement For democracy in Liberia requested the extradition of whom"""
Who is Northwestern's faculty member notable for being a Holocaust denier?
"What does ""A/D"" stand for?"
Who helped to further the movement away from Scholasticism of the time?
The period of time from 1200 to 1000 BCE is known as what?
What company did the early Laserdisc researchers later found?
"Where are 18th century ""leaving portraits"" kept at Eton?"
What did Spielberg do with 'Schindler's List' profits?
What category of items often constructed from wood does a chair belong to?
"After the fifth quark was discovered, Feynman said what had to also exist?"
What is worshipped during Tibet's various festibals?
Buddhist concept of dependent origination has been compared to what modern thought?
How many Attributes of Mercy are in Judaism?
When did the government compensate the British by moving the cemetery to Buceo?
How can a hysteresis synchronous motor's rotor be described?
In what century were the operating hours of drinking establishments first limited?
Animal phyla that are recognized for their lack of bilateral symmetry are thought to have come from where?
When was Woodhaven road built?
How much ad revenue goes to the original uploader of the youtube video if they're in the partner program?
"With several certifications out there that can be aquired, what is the one trait they all share?"
"What are the two Latin equivalents of the Greek term ""Theokotos?"""
Where is Tibet ranked among China's 31 provinces on the UN's Human Development Index?
Did he think that the people that had exiled him were true believers?
The windward side of St. Barts is popular for what type of activity?
What is the most common cause for software failure?
Who replaced Jim Schneider as Dell CFO?
Is it believed that they truly are responsible in full for the collapse ?
How big were the tesserae in the Komnenian period miniature mosaic icons?
How many pages are printed by the average office worker in the US each day?
What value does Deloitte place on Arsenal?
In which year was the FA given an official coat of arms by the College of Arms?
New York has approximately how many acres of parks?
Who named the torpedo mines?
Who opened the structure in which the Royal Institute is currently housed?
What historical significance can the book The History of Mary Prince claim?
What was Ibn Tufail's ethnicity?
Who was the Egyptian President?
What are two broad categories of similarity among countries which have a Mediterranean climate?
what may possibly be a solution to net neutrality concerns?
When did the Soviet Union invade Manchuria?
Cardinals who were not bishops have been promoted to Cardinal around the age of 80 since what year?
What was the name of Feynman's 1959 talk on nanotech?
"In the Baroque era, who would improvise preludes?"
How else can negative impacts of pesticides be reduced?
Where did the Cubs easily win the first two games of the NLCS?
Is the legislature bicameral or unicameral?
"What year did the United Nations Earth Summit define ""biological diversity""?"
Who offered Spielberg a contract at Universal Studios?
What did von Neuman's method use?
How many seats are in the Provincial Assembly?
"Who was Chopin's earliest piece of music, that there is a record of, dedicated to?"
"What month did the Tripartite discussions begin between Britain, USSR and France?"
What number of Estonia's counties are over 80% ethnic Estonian?
Which LaserDisc player solves the disc switching dilemma?
When did Schwarzenegger withdraw from involvement with Planet Hollywood?
Which drugs seemed to help someone remember earlier events?
What do insulating cards prevent between interconnection layers?
Why is Brasilia a good place for air sports?
What does UCS stand for?
What happens as a record wears?
What does OSUT stand for?
What year did most media outlets pick the Cubs to win the World Series?
What style does most of the city's architecture belong to?
During what years did the Ottoman war against Habsburg Austria occur?
"In case of her father's absence, in what capacity could Elizabeth act?"
"Other than the bar, in what room might patrons of a pub eat?"
"According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Montevideo's female population?"
During which time period did avialans diversify into a wide variety of forms?
Which French minister traveled to Versailles to discuss peace?
The Allies suggested peace terms in which set of proposals?
Around how many casualties did the French experience at the Battle of Aspern-Essling?
What was the term given to the personal idealism of Howison?
What other area fields were overshadowed by Greek influence ?
Which impressionist movements were also influenced by Cubism?
What city hosted the 1980 Summer Olympics Sailing regatta?
Under what circumstances are Oppidan Scholarships awarded?
What two national over-the-air broadcast entities are owned by Comcast?
What is the area closest to the continental US called?
What does the city subsidise
When did the Arsenal Ladies team become semi-professional?
Which term is defined as one's thoughts and feelings about one's self-concept and identity?
How many people might actually be homeless?
What did Napoleon display tolerance related to during his time in Egypt?
What role did women fill in the Church?
Who was the foreign minister that said her decision was a good example of peacefully making a point?
What conclusion do most of Hume's followers disagree with?
What methods did people use before antibiotics to treat infections?
What types of art does the Bronx Museum of the Arts focus on?
How long do members of both houses of the Swiss Parliament serve?
Who was the main leader of the Qing?
"When, before Napoleon, had Europe last seen the same level of political consolidation?"
What percentage of households in Atlantic City were comprised of non-families?
How far were runways extended out?
What neighborhood houses the headquarters of Miami Today?
When did Antipater die?
What is the name of the prime ministerial position in Ireland?
During what decade did rock and roll music first rise to popularity?
When did he leave France for Venice?
In which year did the garden receive a makover with a water distribution system?
In what film was Arsenal FC shown?
How severe is Florida's Disenfranchisement law
Who organized the flotilla?
What was the amount of participation by women in religious observances?
What North Carolina City hosts the Merlefest?
What type of cells makes up most wood cells in coniferous trees?
In what years did the English soldiers occupy Paris during the Hundred Years War?
What civil war did Nasser become entangled in?
The 10NES would reset the system how often?
What do many of the writers staffed by Sherman Ave write under?
What was an alternate method of charging the iPod?
What does compiling components as Windows Runtime make possible?
Where did people not ask about racial background?
What is the name of the ancient map of the Greek world  named  ?
When was it determined that most native speakers in France are 60 or older?
What is a quasi-independent agency of the United States Government?
Who formalized Bushido?
How many companies did a judge say infringed on Dr. Moustakas's prior blue light patent in 2015?
During The Early MIng Dynasty Chinese merchants explored all of what?
Who is one of the notable Greek opera singers in the 20th century?
"According to myth, what property did all seventy versions of the bible have?"
What percentage of the population now practices Islam?
Colloquial stratum can be traced to several strata in what lexicon?
Who designed the General Assembly Offices at the Eighth and Main Building?
What items replaced previously items made of stone?
With whom did Athanasius travel to Sardica?
What language do the Yi people speak?
What was Cnut's nationality?
What form of Buddhism has declined to the point where few are capable of following the path?
What compression methods are among the most popular?
How many Nobel laureates have been affiliated with Washington University?
What type has the best luminous efficacy?
In what year did NHK first develop consumer HD television with a 5:3 aspect ratio?
About how many people died in 2010 carrying both HIV and TB?
When did MDNA Tour begin?
What two organizations had Wheeler headed prior to joining the FCC?
What prime minister helped relations?
What was Detroit's 2010 Hispanic population?
How many types of charging ports exist?
What investigation are the prosecutors pursuing?
What year was Boardwalk Hall finished?
What benefit besides the cozy atmosphere would a wood-burning fireplace add to a home?
How can pain effect a person's quality of life and general functioning?
What was the name of the small city on the hill that was discovered by Rurik's men?
What language lacks gendered nouns and pronouns?
What are the components of a field-effect transistor?
"Before coming to New York, at what theater had Perfect Harmony previously been successful?"
What types of plants are usually found at St. Barts?
Where was 'War Horse' filmed?
What AC format is especially known for playing Christmas music in the Christmas season?
Who gave the Bronx an award in 1997?
What were the consequences of John William Bean's attempt to fire at the Queen?
What did both houses of Congress pass measures reaffirming their support for?
"In order to understand the tetraploid forms, what must be used as a comparison in cotton gene sequencing?"
When was the Wanda L Bass School of Music and auditorium opened?
Who was a god of plague?
"Pinning the clothes of a Muslim woman, which led to her being what, was the action that allegedly violated the Constitution of Medina?"
Freemasonry cannot be compatible with what according to the Orthodox Church?
Where does it rank in comparison to other US cities in GDP?
Where is Mount Athos located?
When do movies rented through this marketplace expire?
Where are the most famed Carnival festivities?
How many prisoners did Tennessee execute between 1916 and 1960?
Why is trophy hunting important to conservation in Africa?
What did Mac's lack in 1984 and have no means to easily attach?
Which transit lines out of Union Station are ranked as the busiest routes in the U.S.?
How many nights did Beyoncé play at the resort?
What is the climate like?
"Which part of the state has the most desert; north, south, east, or west?"
At what age were bishops required to retire by Paul VI?
What religion besides Hinduism became well established in the Malay Peninsula?
How many pages long was Burke's history of England contracted to be?
The single door is sometimes located where?
What courses does Southampton City College offer to adult students?
During which financial year did the Melbourne rail network record its highest volume of passenger trips?
What was the name of the bookstore the authors met in?
What is an example of a stringed chordal instrument during the Baroque period?
What was the name of Duke of York's London residence?
How long does N Mountain Ave have a bike lane?
When was a chair created for anthropology at the National Museum of Natural History?
What year did Oleg conquer the Drevlians?
"Which author was the first to use the term ""British Empire""?"
Which ethninticities contributed an influx of interstate and overseas migrants to Melbourne?
How can SNES yellowing sometimes be reversed?
What is the main industry in Cork?
"On Neptune, which clouds cast shadows on the cloud deck below it?"
"Besides the Greeks, what other culture contributed to the study of botany?"
What type of remains were found in the Narmada Valley?
What was the percentage of Greeks in the Cyprus population?
Which Spanish city does the Autovía A-6 lead to?
When did Elizabeth start to bear a coat of royal arms?
Whose real story is 'Awakenings' based on?
What provides bandwidth for the connecting of hosting ISPs and access ISPs?
What is a loop antenna compared with to determine its beahvior?
How many towers are typically found on the west front of French cathedrals?
Which city was Alaska's former capital?
What accident caused the delay in plans for the new nuclear power plant in Bern?
"During the Protestant Reformation, the Church of England (Anglicans) separated from who?"
Which presidential library is located in Ann Arbor?
How many elevators had China installed since 1949?
Who discovered Australia in 1606?
What dielectric is matte glass and polyester?
What was the population of Detroit in 1950?
Did the Citizens' Commission to Investigate the FBI take files?
Adding more elements to a Yagi-Uda would have what effect?
Who commissioned Captain Archibald Gillespie to lead 50 men on horseback to the north?
What does one need to remember about  the date of February 29 in the Julian calendar?
What does education increase in a student?
Who was a big influence on Smokey Robinson?
Smart Bodies is an example of an initiative that was started by what level of government?
What dramatically changed naval combat in World War II?
When was Heine born?
What was Chopin's style based upon?
How many districts is the continental Portugal divided into?
What type of cells do all animals have?
At what floor do the doors open on the way down?
How much of the U.S. lending mechanism was frozen until June 2009?
What plant genus is named after Avicenna?
About what percentage of Plymouth's income comes from the Dockyard?
Which prominent star felt the 2009 Female Video of the Year award should have went to Beyoncé instead of Taylor Swift?
"By the end of 2016, how many people are projected to be working onsite at WestQuay Watermark?"
What field of study did Anton-Hermann Chroust specialize in?
What are the main distinctive features of Islamic architecture?
Which rail station was the world's busiest passenger station in 1927?
The Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs is a division of what?
When was the first transistor implemented for practical use?
Who replaced Gladstone for only a few short months?
What is the Sangha?
When did sea levels reach their current highth?
"Up until 1994, royal assent was given by whom?"
What part of the electrical characteristics of smaller capacitors do the digits of the abbreviated notation represent ?
What law mandated a license from the local magistrate to sell beer?
What was the title of Deep Purple's hard rock 1970 album?
What is Tennessee's average annual precipitation in inches?
Which state is the largest in the country by land?
When was the Bessemer process developed?
Rational emotive behavior therapy is an approach used by what psychotherapy schools?
"What committee estimated that 60 days of attacks would result in 600,000 deaths?"
How much more money does the city give to the state of New York annually than it receives?
"When Napoleon was exiled, where did his wife and son go for shelter?"
What do the instrumental methods of applied anthropology produce?
What percentage of primary students study Catalan as a foreign language?
Who blew up the HMS Jasper?
How many mortgage lenders went bankrupt during 2007 and 2008?
Which work of Isaac Newton was published in Latin and remained inaccessible to readers without education until Enlightenment writers began to translate and analyze it in the vernacular?
What type of culture is a principal tool used to diagnose infectious disease?
What year did CD players become available for purchase?
In what year was the patent filed for an electric liquid capacitor?
Which president did Notre Dame have in 1947?
"Who blew the discus off course, killing Hyacinthus?"
In which year did Long publish his study?
What are two types of new mandolins the Luthiers created?
How many immigrants lived in these tent cities?
Most of the art since the Aztecs took what style?
Arnold J Toynbee believed what?
"In 1948, how many Dutch women brought a case to the Batavia Military Tribunal?"
"What year did the United Nations Earth Summit define ""biological diversity""?"
What was the cause of the fire that killed everyone on the first Apollo mission before launch?
When did Rutherford release The Finished Mystery?
What system was in place to raise and educate Victoria; while also rendering her weak and dependent?
What type of satellites does the BeiDou-1 system use?
Who published the Ivory Tower Survey?
What was made visible at a partial vacuum of 10 Pa?
What is Newton Natural philosophy?
When was Cork believed to have been founded?
"Of the 20,000 Jehovah's Witnesses in Germany in 1933, how many were later imprisoned?"
Which statements did these other documents include from the Westminster Standards?
What phrase was coined in the 16th century to reference recent times?
What are two newly renovated locations in downtown Oklahoma city?
Some child work as guides for whom?
What was one of the most controversial parts of the Patriot Act?
How does Tucson rank among US cities?
Which state is not a member of ASEAN?
What part of speech does Dutch mostly use cases for?
When were the last ISO standards adopted?
Around how long did it take Napoleon to push Austria out of Italy in his first experiences there?
What type of rudder was introduced during this period?
In what country is Spoleto located?
What happens in polygynous species with sexual dimophism?
'Melting pot' was first used to describe neighborhoods in what area of the city?
What is the danger to humans in regards to the spread of avian flu to humans ?
"What talent did Feynman have, even early in his childhood?"
What is one type of competition department stores face?
How many volunteers did Tennessee send to the Mexican-American War?
How may state prisoners seek to have a death sentence overturned in federal court?
What is the trick of sliding in and then back out of the ring called?
The three types of brain activity that can be measured are what?
How many undergrad students attend the College of Science at Notre Dame today?
Where can one find the Srijana Contemporary Art Gallery?
Which parts of the Yang-Mills theories did Feynman help explain?
Who was the final king of the Attalid dynasty?
"If a carbohydrate is not a simple monosaccharide, what else could it be?"
What idea did Tanselle champion?
What did the new government nationalize along with land?
"When The Times began producing its newpaper in both broadsheet and tabloid sizes, which region did The Times withdraw its broadsheet from sale?"
How many distinct parts make up Sichuan?
In what period did Africa beak off from Antarctica?
On what street in New York was GE headquartered before moving to Fairfield?
"What award was presented to Kanye West on August 30, 2015?"
What park has floating gardens?
What language do the Highland Quichuas speak?
"What percent of the Bronx population has a university degree, as of 2000?"
Who did Napoleon select to lead the troops sent to invade Portugal?
"Their third album, Survivor, sold how many during its first week?"
Who offered Revel $261 million in state tax credits?
"Along with the Dallas Vigilantes, what expansion team was announced in 2010?"
What years did no important political changes happen during?
When did the Bethnal Green disaster occur?
Who was the governor of Arkansas in 1957?
"There is a museum on Whitney Avenue that contain a variety of historical treasure, what is its' name?"
What group was significant in the expansion of the Christian faith ?
How long does it take for a chicken raised in a less intensive envionment to reach optimal broiler size?
What year did the Quaker-owned Chalfonte House open?
What is one disadvantage of using the H.323 technique?
"In taxonomies, what type of group are flowering plants treated?"
What sector of Kathmandu doesn't have the word 'sector' in its name?
Schumann described Chopin's music as cannons buried in what?
Why were films banned by Victorian politicans in 1912?
What's the title of Schwarzenegger's 1977 book?
What present-day country was Avicenna born in?
How many deaths are believed to be caused in Hyderabad due to air pollution each year?
Ashkenazi Jews and Italians may be genetically similar due to what two factors?
What was the name of the school of thought that combined theology and philosophy?
What are the closest relatives of the deinonychosaurs?
At what point in its existence was the Lutheran manuscript destroyed?
"Why are Dzongkha, Sikkimese, Sherpa, and Ladakhi considered to be separate languages?"
What do all artworks have in common regarding the crucifixion?
Does minority leader always employ same strategy for party objectives?
Apollo 15 landed on the Moon on what date?
Who was the major opponent to Freemasonry?
What market value were gold coins traded in relation to?
"Besides the Arsenal, Chelsea, and Tottenham football clubs, how many London-based football club have won a national league titie?"
Why did farmers build a bridge over the Harlem River?
How long did the Assyrian Empire control and rule Iran?
"What is the national motto ""In God We Trust"" officially known as?"
"How many IndyMac account holders held funds in excess of the FDIC's insured amount of US$100,000?"
What damaged the Eisenhower Pine in February 2014?
Where did the traders from Yemen settle?
"Besides ITT Corporation, which two companies tried to emulate GE, but failed by the mid-1980's?"
Which phytochrome found in seedlings deteriorates with light and growth?
What is the state deficient in?
Roughly how many days of sunshine does Santa Monica get annually?
When were the Constantinian basilicas built?
What is Tucson's PBS station?
What documentary aired in 2008?
In what time were there many socio-technological trends?
What was used in AA mountings on both land and water?
What types of stimuli were found to arouse women?
What trail forms part of the border Tennessee shares with North Carolina?
What are other forms of studying migration?
In what county was the Swan Inn located?
Who was a controversial figure due to a corked-bat incident?
Who gave Popper its Humanist Laureate Award?
What is the last letter of nearly all CBC stations?
How many million people died from the Black Death?
Name the original Digimon anime.
Which legislative bodies does this court sit in cases over?
"What does the growth, development, and reproduction of organisms rely on?"
What is the nickname of the historic football rivalry between Yale and Harvard hosted annually in New Haven?
What material delivers optimum dimensional stability?
What's Arnold Schwarzenegger's middle name?
What has influenced the design since the beginning of architectural history?
What organization stated that the world has this serious problem?
The August 2009 cost is a result of what percentage decrease in production cost?
What types of stores have created even more competition?
What can cause problems with these scales that are used?
"The leader in Indian crude oil production at 250,000 barrels per day is what region?"
When was the Japanese submarine offensive against Australia?
How can users utilize the Kinect to interact with their 360 consoles?
"Who created the relay computer, the Z2?"
Was the Chopin family boarding house for male or female students?
What are the four sights in Buddhism?
Somali food contains influences from what region?
When was the last year of Mithridates the Great's reign?
What are the characteristics of steel if it is cooled to quickly?
What is Elizabeth's ranking in the Church of England?
Capitalism can be referred to as what process?
The first woman that went into space was whom?
Buddhism's emphasis on the Middle Way provides a guideline for what?
"If you'd been diagnosed with tuberculosis in 1995, how great a chance would you have faced of dying from it?"
What did Rome do about human sacrifice?
Who revolted in 1824?
When was the Magna Carta peace treaty agreed upon?
Who invented the early years education in Thuringia?
How much effort did France put into wars to defend its colonies?
What broke the Japanes formations under Kurita?
Who is the author of The Fifteenth Ward and the Great Society?
When did Brandenburg join the Fraunhofen Institute?
What is the definition of genocide?
Who is constructing the Indian-made ship?
Atticus is tasked with killing what animal in the novel?
What improvement was added to Terminator 2's second Squeeze LD release?
What was to be carried out at schools after the quake?
What is does ECCE refer to in the Swazi educational system?
Data showed that students' preference for MP3 quality music followed which trend?
How many Oppidan houses are at Eaton?
"In 2014, what percentage of Bostons residents did not claim to belong to any religion?"
What was the name of the railroad that began construction in 1836?
What does wound colonization refer to?
"What year did Dell begin production in the Lodz, Poland facility?"
What is one thing excessive regulations causes?
Which economic associations gained power in the towns?
How was Berlin spared?
What is the gourmet title given to pigeons ?
On what day did the Confederacy surrender Richmond to the Union?
How did James Gamble Rogers faux age the windows?
What is the main advantage of an induction motor?
Which Catholic society is Detroit Mercy affiliated with?
How many weeks in a row were male contestants eliminated?
When did the king return to England?
Who showed that extinct South American fossils were related to living species?
What other culture did the Greek states share boarders with ?
Who was not being briefed on the operational plans or the number of troops in combat?
What was the focal depth of the earthquake?
Who's responsibility was it to edit the standard for Layer I?
Who designed the chimney piece in The Yellow Drawing Room?
What does GAI stand for?
What common terminological problem can sometimes lead to confusion surrounding a treaty?
How large was a standard LaserDisc?
"Who wrote an essay in 1945 that proposed a ""new approach?"""
How long were lights not allowed on after dark?
What team did the Cincinnati Red Stockings become?
What terms did African Americans use instead?
"In the final days of WWII in Yugoslavia, who were responsible for atrocities?"
What was the new name of the university when it reopened in 1872?
What assures smooth traffic flow between departing and arriving aircraft?
What is the compilation of Isidore of Seville's work called?
"Due to delays, when was the actual date of the BBC's move to satellite broadcasts?"
Who made the first catalog of stars?
What had been thought for a while to be an independent ancient Greek precursor to Twain's story?
When did Madonna visit Malawi's school?
WHen was Black Wednesday?
What was a focus of the National University of Ireland during the beginning of Irish Independence?
Who was the first known homosexual contestant on American Idol?
What highway circles the outer areas of Houston?
Who was in conflict with the prince bishopric
The sex-determination system is found in which insects?
What type of painting are Bermuda artists known for?
What is the main action AC and DC systems have to deal with?
What brought attention to solar technologies in the 1970s?
How old was John XXIII upon his death?
The Dartford Nuns are similar to what group?
How is the cost to create a DBMS distributed?
What did Spanish and Portugese ships use the islands for?
Who led the Estado Novo?
How many contestants from this season reached platinum album status?
How much of a toll was charged on the first road to connect Atlantic City to the mainland?
What is the second thing that caused many of the birds of Norfolk Island to become extinct?
What were the titles given to the gate keeps of the E-Abzu temple of Enki?
According to some when is is possible for a Sanctified Mary to have emerged ?
Which critic called Queen's debut superb?
What groups combine matrices with matrix multiplication?
In what year did Ibn al-Zubayr die?
How long is the track connecting Brazzaville and Pointe-Noire?
How many miles was the Olympic torch relayed?
"What part of a dog can be straight, curled, or cork-screwed?"
From what old Germanic word is Alenquer originate?
What precipitated the development of the Hasidic movement?
What does 'Praça dos Três Poderes' mean?
"Today, Mexico accounts for what percentage of Mennonites in Latin America?"
Name some automobile manufacturers in the city of Ann Arbor
the term 'house music' came from the labeling of records at what store?
How many species were delisted due to discoveries of new populations?
When did the mandolin's popularity begin to fall?
In what year did the GHMC form?
What has been maintained by the Greeks throughout their extended history ?
What Time magazine founder attended Yale?
Rising seas and displaced waters caused what  element along the coasts?
Name one of the genres from any of the Digimon video games?
On what date did ITV Westcountry cease to operate?
What part of the Swaziland parliament is appointed by the King?
What is a benefit of fused quartz?
When did season 12 premiere?
Where did Chopin stay while in London?
When did the Dreyfus affair occur?
How much time does the average person spend watching youtube videos each day?
What does the standard ReplayGain allow a player to automatically adjust?
Which US President prevented Turkey from invading Cyprus?
To whom did Frédéric write letters to during his stay in Szafarnia?
In what body of water do the rivers Tamar and Plym converge?
Who did John attempt to convince?
In March 2014 what number of people were sentenced to death in a single hearing?
Morningside Park interrupts which street?
What phase of empiricism ended in the 1940s?
Which season had the biggest voting controversy?
What is the number of schools that collapsed in Dujiangyan?
Where does P. Christiaan Klieger work?
What is one example of an NPO in the United States?
What did Namibia transition to after white minority apartheid rule?
Is the University of Melbourne a public or private institution?
When were the new generators installed to correct the power problems?
Secretary Clinton also calls the implementation of official diplomacy of the United States what?
How many people lived at Castel Gofolfo during the war?
Is amnesia only seen in one form?
What are some of the minor sports in the United Kingdom?
What did John Knox do when he returned to Scotland after studying under Calvin?
What is the name of the Libyan leader opposed by US and UN forces?
"Because the schedule in Israel was always changing, what did Microsoft do with the release of Windows 98?"
What Greek song won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2005?
How many fans saw Queen at Slane castle?
What are two types of fuses used for shells?
What are the most common nonliving compositions in bacteria?
Which industries did European settlers in Alaska begin?
How does the online Windows installer know which version to install?
Where did Kurit head after passing through the San Bernardino Strait?
Who is a wrestler who never turned?
What percent of the population identified as Christians in 2004?
"How many more residents would Southampton have if the population grew by 2%, as the council expected?"
Who thought that Burke's imitation was too perfect to be effective ridicule?
What are the citizens of Tajikistan called?
How many homes had been rebuilt?
What country had the most conflicts from 1500s through mid 20th century?
What did many historians think of Noah Porter?
Which Nontrinitarian theologian says that God cannot approach eveil spirits to redeem them?
What is one characteristic that varies widely between organisms?
What Buddhism says that salvation is unattainable?
"What system are Little Island, Mallow, Midleton, Fota and Cobh stations of?"
How many people did the Treaty of Versailles add to the British Empire?
According to Nintendo what was the danger in renting games?
Does PlayStation Network use artificial or real currency for purchases?
How many international universities operate in London?
What is it called when someone wants to dissociate from the characteristics of significant others?
What do some say is Buddha's real name?
How many of Kanye West's albums were recognized by Rolling Stone Magazine?
What types of stakeholders consulted on the bill to enact the National Communications Act?
"Because of the lack of pay, what was the type of honor in being a priest?"
What cause less problems in digital terrestrial television?
Boston is split between how many congressional districts?
Modern Greek theater was influenced by what?
What can extant architectural works be used to identify?
How many pieces did Chopin compose in 1842?
The Chihuahuan Desert also extends into which neighboring Mexican state?
How are Africans classified in the Arabian Peninsula?
How many people from the pre-election meeting in Lviv were detained?
How did early Christians view traditional Roman cultism?
What is Panentheism?
"According to a poll, what percentage of New Jersey voters favored the takeover of Atlantic City by the state?"
How did the leader of Kiev gain political control?
What currently used word was based in ideas from this philosopher?
"What did the Province of West Jersey specify there would not be for those running for an office, in 1681?"
What is something that may cause the reception and decoding of the content of a message to be faulty?
Where was one of earliest farming sites in Europe found?
What year did Isfahan gain victory over Hamadan?
When did Kant publish one of the most influential works in the history of the philosophy of space and time.
What is the name of the city's bike sharing system?
By what era was India inhabited by humans of some form?
What entities are working together to promote the FEELS model?
Where does Greece rank in the work with communications?
What are gravitational waves?
Where does Rogers Cable has its provincial headquarters?
"At West Point, what game did Eisenhower play six nights a week for five months?"
The ARR was one of the last railroads in the US to use what?
What woman wrote a biography of Queen Victoria in 1964?
How many bloody noses did Spielberg get in High School?
When was the Niger Delta Nembe Creek Oil field found?
"Up til today, how many languages has To Kill a Mockingbird been printed in?"
On what date was the 2015 Human Development Report released?
How many votes did Ruben Studdard win by?
What program is being installed in madrasahs in Singapore?
How many pandas live at the Reserve?
What is a commercial solution that can also be used?
Which king fled the country in 1941?
Which University houses one of China's most prominent Tibetology departments?
"Who cautioned ""we ought not to relate their lying fables, lest we fall under sentence of eternal death""?"
Directive 10/2 called for actions against who?
Why is the Sumerian language usually thought of as a language isolate in linguistics?
What conditions caused the delay of drilling in mid-2012?
When was the Power Mac G4 discontinued?
How has this foundation changed in recent years?
What caused the deaths of many school children?
Where has the Medieval Fair of Norman been held since 2003?
"Two important Amniotes  lineages became distinct, what was the name of that distinction?"
Religious Ashkenazi Jews look to the authority of the chief Ashkenazi rabbi in which matters?
What did the Romans build along the mountain passes?
"In January 2006, who approved UNFPA's new country programme?"
The Broadway Musical began in what decade?
What hunting weapon was found in the Southwestern US during  500 to 1200 C.E.?
What did Patrick Henry want to require Virginians to pay taxes to support?
Humans in the Balkans have been dated to what year?
The members of what clan gradually replaced the Fujiwaras?
What's the largest retail center in Southampton?
How did most Georgian design styles disseminate?
To what can the dissent among Catholics be attributed to during Paul VI's papacy?
What capability is spread through the growth ring in ring-porous species?
What is summoned by the Desfile de Llamadas parade?
What seaport did the British-French attack with steamers and gunboats?
Why are the use of rifles banned?
What decided where the bank was to be located?
Where did Hume say people's ideas come from?
The house which is the core of Buckingham was first built for who?
Who forbid to all servants of God hunting?
Who was a notable female French author of this period?
How many buses does the region have for public transit?
What do the vast majority of living organisms encode their genes in?
What are early Greek philosophers known as?
Who did Hayk defeat?
What was the long term goal for Egypt?
What can be shorter than 1/4 wavelength long?
What is the population of the London Metropolitan Region?
Where is the L'Americain hotel?
Who wrapped a Tibetan flag around her body and later waved it?
Who is credited with creating the nocturne?
In what direction did Richmond's borders expand in 1970?
Which type of construction is more expensive?
What are Catalan and Valencian assumed to be?
Who initiated the scrutiny of the educational system in 1976?
What was seen as the behind the Roman influence in the east?
Which Alaskan native starred in a film also set in Alaska?
To what four peoples did the settlement of Portugal give rise?
What is the name of a location in Spectre which draws its inspiration from an Ian Fleming short story?
What body enforced pubs' closing hours under the Defence of the Realm Act?
What was the colonial experience for Africans described as?
Who was at the forefront of the fight to change the laws on defective products?
What replaced the UB 2?
What was the name of the island the English traded to the Dutch in return for New Amsterdam?
What year was the Grace Memorial Bridge built?
Who were liberators of oppressed Balkan states?
Polymophism species have different forms or what else?
Who was responsible for the invention of the seismometer?
When verse was the third mention?
How much is a fall deduction?
What style did architect James Gamble Rogers use for the principal buildings on the new Chicago campus?
What did Chancellor Willy Brandt propose in his  28 October 1969 address?
Which philosopher argued homosexuality did not exist as an idenity in the eighteenth century?
"Gothic architecture is known for being commonly used in cathedrals and churches, what is one example of a lesser known type of structure in which Gothic architecture has been used?"
What is the special marking that shows messages can be shared with these other five countries?
Which theater company was founded by several Northwestern alumni in 1988?
In what type of climate does clothing protect against sunburn and wind damage?
Which former president of Def Jam called Beyonce the greatest entertainer alive?
Which blogger calling for demonstrations was arrested for tax evasion?
What two factors cause asthma?
When did the Jiajing Emperor reign?
Which colony did the Dutch abandon the island for?
What concerns for the religions institutions are there?
During what span was there a famine in the Soviet Union?
What was Valencia's population in 1860?
What does the low virulence of HIV allow victims to do?
Declaration that decrees are not severe was done by who?
The house which is the core of Buckingham was first built for who?
What is the name of the festival celebrated in Eastern Orthodox nations during the last week before Great Lent?
What Church did Victoria consider herself aligned with?
Who was the 'father of Armenian history'?
"When did ""Operation Detachment"" occur?"
How long did one Arctic tern take to migrate?
What is Chamame?
"When The Times was bought in 1982, who resigned as editor?"
What was one issue of a lack of industry standards?
Tito Square is located in what Slovenian city?
When was the Wu state created?
What scenes were popular in art during the Middle Ages?
Where was Nasser believed to be a spokesman for the poor and oppressed?
What causes the decrease of capacitance in ceramic capacitors as they age?
How does central Catalan behave with the groups?
What happens to software after a major change in code that leads to regression??
"In the film Evita, who did Madonna play?"
"When was the ""Stupid Motorist Law"" passed?"
Who persecuted the Anabaptists in the 16th century?
What is being debated in Utrecht
"What's the joint project of TU Clausthal, TU Braunschweig, and the University of Hanover called?"
What show did Kanye perform a spoof about the incident at the MTV Europe Awards?
What Texas city was Dell's headquarters previously in?
Which pole is located in Antarctica?
Who are the leaders of each house given the responsibility of informing their group of the governor-generals actions?
"Joining Merriam-Webster's and the Oxford dictionary, the older form of the phrase without the ""s"" is still listed first in what dictionary?"
Modern historians have been over lenient towards what?
"What name does the Quran use for itself that means ""revelation""?"
What did John attempt to relieve in late 1203?
When did Tito first visit India?
What policy did Hitler hope the bombing of Allies would cause?
Who prevented slaveholders from being appointed missionaries?
What was the WSH program launched in 2005
What is the Duchy of Lancaster?
What pigment was made by soaking copper plates in fermenting wine?
Between which two lines of latitude is the Congo located?
How much money has been funded to the renovation of Wrigley Field?
What is the span of population density per million square kilometers of researchers in Antarctica?
How many forms of personal pronouns are there in Catalan?
Where do comics usually appear?
What did the Angiosperm Phylogeny group use determine a phylogeny of flowering plants?
What was the WSH program launched in 2005
What US president was critical of Egypt's repression of Muslim Brotherhood?
What atomic bomb test did Feynman see?
How many orders of mendicant friars came out of the Middle Ages?
What provided the Roman senate with exuberance?
What has demonstrated a history of sign use in the Yellow River valley?
What sorts of ships were based in Davenport?
Like what creature did Burke say Hastings was 'devouring the dead'?
Where on Earth is the highest marine activity recorded?
What is one consequence of modifying radicals?
What year was Bern occupied by French troops?
Equipment from what country is being replaced?
Where did the White Stockings play their home games?
What kind of truck was 'Duel' about?
In 2000 roughly how much of the population had access to sanitation services?
What type of literary work is Beowulf?
The implications of identity and identity construction are discussed in what settings?
What was the first Dutch Bible translation called?
How many awards and decorations did Josip Broz Tito recieve?
Where is the House of the Black Madonna located?
When an Ashkenazi woman marries a Sephardi or Mizrahi man it is expected that her children will take on which kind of identity?
What was the predominant educational psychology from the 1750s onward?
Why was Iran included in the collection of regions?
How many meters above sea level is the Tan Hill Inn?
What was the name of the political system that gave rents to knights in return for military service?
How did monaterism aim to control the economy?
What tragedy did Victoria face in July of 1900?
In what year did the papacy return to Rome?
A presidential candidate from what party derided the city for its liberalism?
It was considered Europe needed what country?
What other president did the Jenkins Orphanage play for other than Taft?
What station was built in the Art Nouveau style?
What dialect is considered a sister language to Dutch?
Where is the  annual Charleston Fashion week held?
What country experienced a coup in 1962?
"Along with formal settings, where do some Italians avoid speaking their regional language?"
How many minority nationality types does Nanjing contain?
Where are dioxins stored in our animal sources of food?
What influences did the Sumerian language seem to retain?
What computer OS did iPod software exclusively work with at launch?
What rank is Oklahoma Cities television networks for Nielsen?
When did Beyonce start becoming popular?
In Homer's poems who were the Greeks at odds with ?
What were potential benefits of the CD-4 format?
"A more current, 20th century center for London's literary set is located where?"
How can a wrestler be disqualified?
"In areas of strict enforcement, what happened to Christians?"
"As of 2012, how many physicians were working in New York City?"
Who argues that there was steep decline and stagnation after the death of Suleiman?
When was the festival of climbing on the city wall celebrated?
How many companies are involved with the network of buses?
Who was the US Secretary of State in 2001?
What portion of the European population died in the Black Death?
What geologic events took place when Pangea combined during the Carboniferous?
Initiative within the group depends upon what factor?
Who was responsible for the attack on Israeli athletes in 1972?
What is the public high school system called in Mexico City?
When did Antioine de Ville climb Mont Aiguille?
"Where did Beyoncé perform on January 20, 2009?"
What are the Channel Islands and the Isle of Mann?
What was Eritrea chosen to be by the Italian government during the Italian Empire?
How do adolescents initially define themselves?
What is an example of Humanism based philosophy that focused on ethics?
How many judges were on the panel for this season?
In what memior written by Queen Victoria was John Brown praised?
"If the effects are valid, for RK = n/e2, what is the measurement of KJ2RK equal to?"
Who largely formalized the developments that led to the theory of conservation of energy?
What is the Lincoln Theater downtown?
Which three locations in Morocco were used in filming?
Who is Charles-Louis Clerisseau?
Can one increase their brain efficency?
What was Nasser increasingly convinced he should topple?
What is the name of the empire Napoleon dissolved?
Why do researchers believe the social event reporting by adolescents (rather than sexual activity) is important?
How often does The Christian Science monitor publish their magazine?
What company introduced the first HD video conferencing system to the general market?
What do disguised people pass through during the festival?
What is a finite composition of two symmetries or their inverses?
What does Bavaria refer to itself as?
What was took place in 1854-1856?
When did Cyprus receive enough rainfall to fill up their water reserves?
What type of drugs reduced the risk of strokes and heart disease for people with high blood pressure?
What happens to the current when a battery has been attached to a capacitor for an adequate amount of time?
Least populates areas of Utrecht
Who can enemies detect from a greater distance than in previous games?
"Adjusted for inflation, how many dollars were awarded to Bell alongside the Volta Prize?"
What do haredi Judaism and modern orthodox Judaism disagree about the application of?
Which king of Prussia saw himself as the leader of the Enlightenment?
What did the Bush administration describe as parasitical?
How many terms may a president serve?
What was stopped due to protest interruptions?
What is the name of Queen's drummer?
Where was the largest mass of copper found?
What did SASO find wrong with the KInsey scale and Klein Sexual Orientation Grid?
What did Kerry get from the Pakistanis?
Who is responsible for the organization and development of Montevideo's transport infrastructure?
What was the search radius of U.S. Navy Hellcat fighters?
What year did Portugal invade the recently liberated territory?
What may have colors that do not change over several pixels?
In deism is God represented in human form?
What 1688 event helped the parliament solidy its power against the monarch?
What is one large determining factor in normative adolescent behavior?
Who renovated Fort Lowell's adobe buildings?
Tenuis stops have letters that are representative of English voiced consonant in what?
who two new technologies were introducted in the 1930s?
How many years did NBC Sports receive an extension for with the Premier League in 2015?
What nonprofit did Schwarzenegger found in 1995?
Which two major holidays become popular in Guam?
Which goespel begins its story of Mary with the Annunciation?
When did Kerry become a Senator?
What type of Tv startions replay AL=jazeera and CNN?
What is the climate of Bermuda?
When did the UN Security Council recommend that the Marshall Islands be allowed to join the UN?
How could dogs have helped with sanitation issues in camps?
What was ASCII inteded to be?
What position was held by James Forrestal?
When did Karl Heinrich Ulrichs develop this classification scheme?
What species had evolved after  the extinction and would become the basic predator in the Triassic?
In which year did the taifa period end?
What were universal motor pole pieces constructed from?
When did the change from Old Iranian to Middle Iranian occur?
Who settled in parts of England?
What is the name of a type of dual purpose fighter-bomber aircraft used by the US Air Force?
What is the Rome Laboratory?
What modern country did Ibn Sina travel to after the end of the Samanid dynasty?
When was the activity of desktop publishing first used?
Some passages of what Canon support the idea of intermediate stages?
What is an example of what states retain authority over?
When was the Kangxi Dictionary published?
Who said that we should examine the impact a message has on the recipient of the message?
Which type of guna is concened with passion and activity?
What percentage of beer was sold in cans in Sweden in 2001?
What was Pickford's group lacking to make it more like other research schools?
To whom was Georgics dedicated to?
Who required no restrictions regarding God's power?
What part of Jesus' life is detailed in these gospels?
How many days is the incubation period for woodpeckers?
"As of 2012, prices for what commodity continued to drop?"
Do European Leagues sell their television rights per a collective level?
How much inflation did the Congo experience as a result of the devaluation of the Franc?
What did Avicenna hope to do through his work?
Why did P. Christiaan Klieger believe that the Ming court supported high Tibetan lamas?
How much precipitation does the  Grinnell Glacier recieve?
When was John born?
What did the use of pottery help early Japanese societies develop?
What is the main performing arts venue in Egyptian capital?
What did the Spaniards and Incas destroy?
Where does the digestions of some fats start?
For what instrument did Frédéric write primarily for?
Where was the East-West summit to have taken place?
What event did Estonia compete in as a nation for the first time ever?
How many people are in the vehicle for the AG2R Race?
"In addition to a license to sell spirits, what did tavern owners require a license to sell?"
What is the average amount of  yearly precipitation in Tuscon in inches?
What did the chefs ingredients in the Imperial Palace's kitchens?
He had a non-direct association with what?
What drugs were related to a kickback scheme?
"What day marked the beginning of New Haven being overwhelmed by 12,000 individuals protesting the Black Panther trials?"
How many Grand Lodges and Grand Orients are listed in the CLIPSAS list?
With which Roman God was Portugal associated with?
The Fajr-3 missile uses what type of propulsion system?
What nationality of engineers did Japan hire to build naval arsenals?
"What are humans thought to have played a significant role in, in Australia?"
What did Ottoman madaris have that was similar to modern American schools?
What are the names of the two avenues at which The Belloe House is located?
When did Public Safety Canada unveil Canada's Cyber Security Strategy?
"Instead of being a single person, what does Whitehead view a person as?"
Was England successful in the 1990 FIFA World Cup?
How many states does Nigeria have?
What specific part of the lungs marks the start of tuberculosis infection?
Which university is said to have started faculty governance?
"Though he urged for demonstrations in Vietnam, Nguyễn Văn Hải was charged with what crime?"
Who ruled Syria before it was conquered by the followers of Muhammad?
Which Nigerian tribe is 95% Muslim?
What is another name for phonemic tones?
What date was the U.S. Army created?
"What does a ""T"" rating symbol on an electrical contact mean?"
Which seabird has the longest-distance migration?
What law mandated a license from the local magistrate to sell beer?
What are often borrowed to represent a particular morpheme?
"In 1840, about how many African-Americans lived in New York City?"
A dispatch was edited about a meeting between the French ambassador and what Prussian king?
What agency distributed aid to Yugoslavia?
In what tier did a number of KU's programs rank in 2016?
How many weapons can be equipped by Link if playing Twilight Princess on a GameCube?
What organization was Greek a founding member?
"When was ""Music"" released?"
What did the Greek historian Herodotus refer to the Jews as?
What is the name of the range where the Intermontane plateaus end?
What was Paul Sheehy's job?
What general topic is eschatology about?
What was the Chopin boarding house called in English?
What company was Dell behind in profits in 2012?
What event led to America entering the war?
What fictional character was Feynman compared to by a colleague?
When did Gaddafi decide to stage his coup?
In what country was Flying Fox in Freedom Tree made into a feature film?
Witchety grubs serve as personal clan totems in what country?
Who is one of the most successful teams in the Greek Super League?
When did Washington University transition to a national research institution?
What percentage of New Yorkers follow the Catholic faith?
What West Central German dialect of Dutch contains the name of a U.S. state?
What often neglected social class was the light infantry comprised of?
In what year was the inaugural National Invitation Tournament?
"At the deadline, which area lost broadcast entirely?"
What dialects does Hokkien refer to?
Life revolves around what in Israel?
"German, English, and Afrikaans were the official languages until when in Namibia?"
During what type of crisis did Emperor Huan alienate the bureaucracy?
Lemming's concept of genocide triggered legal action in which realm?
Who established The Museo Torres Garcia?
"How many homeowners who had substantial equity in their homes two years ago, have little no equity as of November 2008?"
What year was the last census before the Census 2000?
What did she sing at the 2009 Presidential Inauguration?
On what date in 2006 did May and Taylor of Queen appear on American Idol?
What did the OMB vote to allow on the 2000 census?
Vine Scroll motifs are classified under what kind of tradition?
"What could have blasted Neptune and Uranus's atmosphere with radiation, aiding in creation?"
How fast was the processor on the new Macintosh llfx?
What did the war in 1714 mandate as the proper language in documentation?
On what date did American Idol air its season six finale?
What did the BBC do?
"Which contestant sang an off-key ""She Bangs""?"
Which country has a disputed area with Tibet?
What type of geology is the Niger Delta Nembe Creek Oil field?
What country has the most universities offering courses in neerlandistiek?
Who was the head of the Academy of Sciences of Moldova?
Where did the water come from for the creation of the first salt water taffy?
The degree to which different religions were persecuted depended on what?
What does Bottom Up Testing also help with once the process has been repeated over and over again at all levels?
What do friendlies allow managers to experiment with?
"When a dog has a camouflage pattern on its coat, this is called what?"
Since when have surface mount packages for capacitors been commonly in use?
How much money was spent on construction of the island's airport?
For what event was the largest amount of signatures collected in an attempt to keep Kanye from performing at it?
How many college football bowl championships have the Tennessee Volunteers won?
What is the name of the group of well-developed organisms that were discovered within fossil-bearing layers?
What is the name of the Act that formerly governed Norfolk Island?
Some dogs help fishermen with what?
All five boroughs of New York City formed into one city on what date?
In what year did Plymouth twin with Plymouth in the United States?
What type of carrier is Admiral Flota Sovetskovo Soyuza Kuznetsov?
What did the Indian Vaccination Act of 1832 establish?
The bombing of Buckingham Palace showed what to the public?
The Peace Pagoda built in New Delhi by the Nipponzan Myohoji contained what type of artifacts?
What was the reason given for the closing of the SaberCats?
"If toxocariasis is left untreated, what can happen to a person?"
"In Avicenna's ""Floating Man"", what could the essence of a person not be?"
Has the government of Myanmar made life any easier for it's inhabitants ?
In March 2014 what number of people were sentenced to death in a single hearing?
How do plants contribute to terrestrial ecosystems?
What access is blocked?
What topics of conversation would Ulam and Von Neumann typically share?
In what year was the merger charter signed?
What Saint did Paul VI denote as mother of the Catholic church?
What are USB devices required to enter?
What are some of the more common triggers?
What is the supposed source of most Antarctica meteorites?
What is the tallest mountain in Greece?
Who wanted to grow Seattle by 60% by 2040?
The majority of the population to finish tertiary schooling in bern are what people?
Are all turn tables capable of DJ manipulation of vinyl records?
How long have bus tours been available to tourist of Myanmar ?
Where was an Executive MBA program established by Washington University in 2002?
Who laid out the Grid Plan?
When did the unemployment rate fall to 5.6 per cent?
Which film was awarded the Best Screenwriting and Best Photography at the London Greek Film Festival?
When did Menander die?
Where is CBC available for free?
What did the Alberta bitumen mines begin as?
Would those in favor of DST argue that it causes people to use more electricity or saves energy?
What was the general opinion about transmutation of species in the 19th century?
How many listed buildings in Somerset
The Boston Globe and the Boston herals are two of Bostons what?
The most populated city in the United States is which city?
What is the function of the Royal Institute's Visiting Boards?
What type of word is added to the contraction of the preposition?
When was Art as Cultural System penned?
Who created the New York kouros?
What did the American Embargoes prevent Japan from aquiring?
Which team displayed the Bond logo during the Mexican Grand Prix?
Who produced Madonna's debut album?
Who is not a member of the College of Arms?
"During the High Middle Ages, what percentage of the European population consisted of rural peasants?"
How many works of art currently reside in the National Museum?
What is a solar chimney made of?
"Besides stamps, what did the Soviet Union also create in Avicenna's honor?"
"In the 1970s, what did monaterism turn into?"
What did the Colonist cultivate
When did England colonize the Bahamas?
Which governor led the supportive reception of President Juarez?
What is the Lincoln Theater downtown?
Ghorala is another word for what?
When did Elizabeth make the first visit to Ireland by a British monarch?
Where were Augustus Chapman Allen and John Kirby Allen from?
"Rather than a definition, the text of the treaty is considered as what type of tool?"
What is the nationality of Seham Sergewa?
"Three times in 1996, England wore what color socks in their away kits instead of the traditional red socks?"
What is the English translation of Galeb?
How many people on average watched season 12 of American Idol?
How is it postulated that Mars life might have evolved?
What did the Umayyads call the mangonel?
What script saw no more stages of evolution?
Who commissioned the Abbey to be built?
Most major airports provide commercial outlets for what?
What type downpayments do substandard loans generally have?
"Ibn al-Haytham can be known by another name, what is it?"
"Along with mood, temperament, disposition and motivation, what is emotion often tied to?"
What game development company completely disagreed with Kotick's statements in The Times interview?
For which sports team category does Houston not have a team ?
Where is Dunavant Enterprises based?
In what year did the Marshall Islands receive sovereignty?
Is the airway obstuction reversable in asthma?
What role does wrestling fill?
What are the area of responsibilities made up of?
What new security features does Windows 8 have?
What are the names of the Greco-Turkish dances?
"Who was the moderator of the second debate, held at the Washington University?"
who commanded the factories owned by the East India company?
Who did the Cubs began play as?
People with dogs get more of what than people with cats or no animals?
How many Communists were executed at the Slansky trial?
Does everyone agree with the content of the letter?
Why have Jehovah's Witnesses sometimes been imprisoned?
Earlier television systems were based on what?
What does ASCII correspondence allow digital devices to do?
What was Kaunitz of Austria willing to trade for French help in capturing Silesia?
Which university library is larger than Nanjing University Library?
Who led the invasion troops?
Are large jungle cats part of the animal population of Burma ?
"What is the only coastal community in San Diego without the word ""beach"" in its name?"
How did Mark Anthony's love die?
What determines how deep a tester will go during regression?
What was Terminal 2 formerly called at the airport?
How was the first listing limited in what species were listed?
What might help migrating birds navigate?
What party did The Times support in 2001 and 2005 general elections?
What land mass was de Mendana actually seeking?
"How many Grammy awards did ""Crazy in Love"" win?"
When did the first art gallery open in Washington state?
What does Desfile de las Llamadas mean?
What country was Saxony aligned with?
What instrument did Chopin play for Charles Hallé when the latter visited him?
What typically happens when digimon are killed?
What man is credited with the emergence of the German nation?
When did Guam's indigenous people first arrive?
What size and power of government is popular in Estonia?
What 1802 treaty between Britain and France ended the Revolutionary Wars?
Where did the MDNA Tour start?
Where did Nasser and his wife live after they were married?
What composer continued the counterpoint and fugue?
In what year did Herschel publish his work on infrared radiation?
Where is Taylor Hicks from?
Where were Victoria and Albert honored guests at ball thrown by Napoleon III?
Where was the lowest amount of U.S. dollars lost?
How long do TCM Wineclub subscriptions last?
From which institution did Kanye receive an honorary doctorate?
When did the Northern cod fishery collapse?
In what year was the economic bailout agreed to?
What role did Pope John XXIII's death precipitate the election of?
What year was the beginning of the transition from mandolino to mandolin?
What is another name for The Fort Washington Expressway?
What national sporting event was held during this time period still goes on in celebration today ?
What is the The New York City Fire Department's motto?
What was the largest racial group in Richmond as of 2000?
In what year did Sir Francis Drake die?
What is the light rail system in Hyderabad known as?
What was the primary goal of the German air doctrine?
What is the Everton club motto?
What factor is very strong in Southampton that encourages redevelopment of the city?
How many men defended the attack from the Dutch in 1673?
What was the percentage of labels youtube had signed contracts with prior to the planned launch date?
What popular uprising occurred in France during this period?
What is the Italian equivalent to the French term Lumieres?
With what did the college boy's hit the shooter with?
"In 2007, what percentage of the roads in San Diego were considered acceptable?"
During which decade did Whitehead's focus start shifting away from mathematics?
How did the Spanish conflict begin?
About how many pupils in all of Indonesia study Dutch as part of their coursework?
Two women and what man concentrated on post World War II events?
What is Oklahoma's largest urbanized area?
Who won the presidential election in 2009?
What is the sex ratio gap in Thuringia?
What percentage of the Nicaraguan population are indigenous?
How many people live in downtown New Haven?
"In the fall of 2014, which school did 21.3% of undergraduates enroll in?"
How many museums are in Oklahoma?
"Along with Liban Abdi, Ayub Daud and Abdisalam Ibrahim, who is a notable Somali football player?"
What does a typical pommel horse exercise consist of?
When did the Notre Dame marching band form?
"In 1979, which corporation was struggling to run The Times?"
What could epinephrine treat?
How many appreciation medals were destroyed by the Bureau of the Mint?
Where did this dynasty form?
Where did Queen perform with Adam Lambert on 3 July 2012?
In what year did Gaddafi found the Jamahiriya?
how many members did the America First Committee have?
How does a sangoma in Swaziland communicate?
"In order for a unconstitutional statue to disappear, it has to be deleted by?"
In what century did public drinking regulations first exist in England?
What does Bagemihl say a major issue with this terminology is?
What caused the evolution of different growth strategies in bacteria?
What region of the Philippines has a large Muslim population?
How many constituencies had run-off elections?
Which church has had a large influence over Galicia since the Middle Ages?
Who did Anwar Sadat succeed?
Clementa Pinckney served what public office for the state of South Carolina?
How old are the oldest buildings in Mexico City?
What does SWS stand for?
Which host quit after the first season?
"Napoleon's novella ""Clisson et Eugénie"" was based on his relationship with whom?"
What is the minimum height in meters of the region Mexico City is located in?
In which season of American Idol did Steven Tyler and Jennifer Lopez become judges?
"Along with the PS Slim's value, quietness, and lower power usage, what superficial quality did PC World praise?"
How much of mined cooper has been extracted in the last 24 years?
What is one type of architecture that heavily influenced the New Delhi town plan?
"Other than the drastic decrease in population, what other issue did the people in Seoul face?"
What is the most impressive and famous style of Sumerian buildings?
How many plants are endemic to the Succulent Karoo?
Over what did Britain have direct control?
What is the island under jurisdiction of?
What material is useful in glassmaking because of its slow evaporation?
Who protested the involvement of Britain and France in a war with Germany?
What was the primary religion of Germany?
"Which theologian described Mariology as ""the heresy of the Catholic Church?"""
What nationality can tolerate the least amount of electric shock?
How far away is Namibia to the Zambezi River?
Where was Napoleon Bonaparte born?
How many students at Notre Dame received the Heisman Trophy?
What year did Olympic Air receive an award as Top Domestic Airline?
How much in unpaid taxes did Detroit fail to collect in 2011?
A sphere shows what type of antennas radiation?
When did the lodges without prior authorisations apply to be recognized?
What name did the first official documents of Victoria's monarchy have her listed as?
What does Hindu temple architecture try to express?
What caused the resurface of the Grecian monotony in politics ?
What is another country that stayed mostly feudal and created spectacular architecture for its royalty rather than its burghers?
"Between 1941 and 1946, which left-wing British historian was Assistant Editor for The Times?"
Who posed the problem of black-body radiation?
What do field windings provide?
What battle did Persia lose in 490 BC?
What type of ground could be found in the central Italian peninsula?
"For weather updates from The Weather Channel, which of Life's channels would you have visited?"
What was camouflaged during World War II?
Where did Centro open it's first store of 2014?
Slaves were not allowed to do what?
What are the other railways being proposed in the state?
What was the Achaemenid Empire's official language?
When does the mobile library service operate?
Where do people take part in mock combat with blank shooting rifles?
"How many IndyMac account holders held funds in excess of the FDIC's insured amount of US$100,000?"
When did Burke's father die?
"What is possible to run by using Boot camp, even though it is not condoned by Apple?"
Who was the mayor of Buenos Aires?
How many parks are there in the city of Ann Arbor?
Why did the term house become popular?
Ancestors of which tribes lived in Oklahoma?
What occurs in the climatic conditions of Himachal?
In how many countries does Shell have operations?
WWhat's the first thing to happen when the switch is activated?
What country did not prevent a Communist victory in China?
Where was the letter A places in position?
What were most szlachtas class?
What force used Sunderland flying boats out of Devonport?
What does SFOE stand for?
Who was elected to be the new deputy general secretary of the Communist Part of the Soviet Union in July?
Who invited Je Tsongkhapa to come pay tribute?
What name was given to the new residential complex constructed at Washington University?
From what ideals did Classical architecture emerge?
What was the name of another activity like the Crusades occuring on the Iberian peninsula?
What is a significant portion of the BYU's operating costs subsidized by?
What was the name of the book that Darwin wrote on emotions?
"Who opposed Victoria marrying Albert, or any Coburg?"
Who was invested as the leader of the Greek Cypriot population?
When was West Farms created?
Who fired a shot at Queen Victoria's carriage in 1849?
How many contestants were finalists for season 12?
"When someone has an Australian visa and they want to travel to Norfolk Island, where must they depart?"
Where was Madonna raised?
What is NYC's 4th-largest park?
How many other towns share a border with Atlantic City?
Who became President of Global Digital Business and US Sales in 2012?
About what did the Council of the Church question Athanasius?
What does Archibald Sayce think early Sumerian pictograms suggest about the availability of stone?
How many CDs had been distrubuted worldwide by 2007?
Where did a coup take place?
What was the name of Beyoncé's first solo album?
The study and following of classical writers was said to be a solution to what issue?
What was the new sytle of mandolins inspired from?
Who did Kerry's ex-wife remarry?
What is the differentiation process driven by?
"Along with behavioral inhibition, research on what trait resulted in support for the Action Tendency Model?"
What law made Valencia the capital of its region?
How many private colleges does Israel have?
When do many insectivorous birds migrate?
Where does 24th street start?
"Do the Docklands, St. Kilda Road, and Southbank areas feature high-density or low-density forms?"
African dictators often have what kind of bank accounts?
When was the name Oklahoma suggested?
Armenia has closed borders with which two countries?
What did Wii offer that PS3 couldn't compete with?
Where are the TImberwolves based?
What other elements of early Iranian languages problematize the east-west division?
What is the percentage of stoke shift loss in YAG phosphor?
What aircraft offers Antarctic Support to the US Air Force?
What type of document could be produced to distribute some of an inheritance?
Which region of Iraq do the Kurds live in?
Did women in the studys become aroused to heterosexual stimulation?
How fast can Ultra Speed+ CDs write?
What does wound colonization refer to?
How much did the US prices deflate in the 1930s?
Who was the winner of the 2014 Nobel prize in literature?
What was the name of the conservative group opposing the Enlightenment?
One of Hayek's supporters served which US president?
At what institution of higher education is James M. Shuart Stadium located?
Who was the first president of the Republic of China?
What was the commercial name of arsphenamine?
Israeli exports reached what in 2012?
What have doctors noted about some medical conditions in certain racial groups?
Israel's Supreme court has uses what internal method to review its own decisions?
How many terrawatts of radiation does the earth receive?
What type of anthropology involves the relatively new area of internet search?
What was the Gelug not mentioned in?
What months does the Governor's cup take place?
Who was the president of Notre Dame in 2012?
vytautas created what for compromising professional warriors?
What was Gaddafi's coup called?
Where did actor Charlton Heston attend school?
"Who helped ""graphic novel"" get public attention?"
"Malyarchuk said the Mongoloid component of Slavic people was partially added before the split of ""Balto-Slavics"" in what time period?"
USB has become what on other devices?
When is the earliest hieroglyghics date back?
What is the name of the text that has information regarding Ayurveda?
What do they believe about sexual orientation?
What does the plan call for all rural Tibetan children to receive for free?
"Which view treats intellectual property as another type of ""real"" property?"
Who laid the foundation stone of New Delhi?
John Deacon played what instrument?
Which marshal was closest to Wissembourg?
When was oil discovered in the city limits?
Who wrote the book Khubilai Khan?
What was one of Arsenal's first major wins?
Who wrote the first 12 chapters of the Siddhanta Shiromani?
In what year did Vasco da Gama sail around India and Africa?
How much oil can the Trans-Alaska Pipeline transport per day?
Who captured Malakoff?
What did Nasser move to the canal zone?
When did the battle for Mexico City take place
What was Glover's first single?
Who called Beyonce the World's most Beautiful Woman?
Who was sent to Switzerland?
What effects can wrestling have on the wrestlers?
"What rail trail is slated to run between downtown New Haven and Northampton, Massachusetts?"
What was the secret code name for Kinect while in development?
Some people may not report pain because they think it's a sign what is near?
When did the tradition of people carrying the Olympic torch before the Olympic games begin?
How many cities of those the LEAA studied showed any reduction in crime?
"During ""The Troubles"", who waged assaults via bombings on London?"
How many credits were needed for an M.Sc. from a traditional university prior to the Bologna Process?
Where did Ferdinand go rather than Madrid?
What Arabic term did the Umayyad caliphs use to refer to themselves?
What is one of the threats that faced them?
At was age was Sandra Laing expelled from school?
What is the name of a bacteria inside of tree roots?
What place did Everton FC rank in highest average attendance in the Premier League in the 2008-09 season?
Where was Spielberg an Olympic flagbearer?
What's the only antibiotic that might be effective against totally drug-resistant TB?
What part of the country has the Köppen Climate Classification of (BWh)?
"After losing the battle of Guilford Courthouse, Cornawallis moved his troops where?"
"What did Cheney refer to him as, after hearing Kerry's comments about his daughter?"
How many American warships were damaged during the Great Marianas Turkey Shoot?
What area does South western Ambulance  Service cover
What company was the structure at Clover Field for?
How many hours did Jesus endure Crucifixion?
What was happening in the stadium at the time?
During what period were artists like Anne Murray and Barbra Streisand featured on Top 40 radio?
How many kilocalories of energy per gram is dietary fiber able to produce when successfully metabolized?
What were theorists in diverse fields beginning to notice between animals and languages?
"""Jesus Walks"" was on which of Kanye's albums?"
What is the name of the world's oldest humor magazine?
Who authored the Summa Theologica?
Who coached Beyoncé for her Spanish recordings?
How much did the mortality rate of common bacterial infections decline between 1946-1955?
What did Khrushchev want Nasser to remove the ban on?
Is this licence required on a permanent basis?
To what areas of the Roman empire did the Romans take their deities?
What is often pointed to as the one reason for the Cubs' inconsistent late season play?
What types of music did hip hop emerge from?
To whom does the KU Endowment seek to connect with?
How many Nobel Prize-winning scientists has Israel produced?
How many commercial airports are under construction in Saint Helena?
What color was the chartered plane?
What does Midna destroy?
What does Stallman think copyright was supposed to trade temporarily for public benefit?
What is one of the effects of diarrhea?
How many grammatical cases can nouns and adjectives be declined into in Czech?
Why did samurai avoid divorcing for reasons of dislike?
Who took turns with Virgil to read the Georgics to Octavian?
What kind of phonemes are soft sounds?
What is it difficult to demonstrate the presence of in Chagas disease?
What was Sega's CD add-on?
How much of Oklahoma is covered in forests?
Who describes Delphi and Dodona as frenzied women?
Liquid-fueled rockets were developed in what year?
What type of treaty is a mutual guarantee?
What body made the declaration of who won the presidency?
Which city was Hanover connected to by the Leine?
What portion of the Congolese population is Protestant?
How many flanking service wings did Buckingham House have?
What did Amer do without Nasser's approval?
Where were Poles scattered to?
Which infantry division was involved in the Battle of Osan?
For whom did Umar end the jizya?
What landmark now sits on the site of the Franciscan friary in Southampton?
Who is the Golden Boot award given to each season?
How many copies did the album sell worldwide?
What is sufficient to divide the weather patterns in Europe into a wet north and dry south?
Why do the birds fly north?
How was the gladiatorial combat described?
What is there limited quality data for evaluating despite the huge number of wounds seen in a clinical practice?
What did the court reject in 1995?
In what year did Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group announce an agreement?
What award did Game Critics Awards and GameSpy give Twilight Princess?
"Along with Surry Nuclear Generating Station, what is Richmond's main electricity generator?"
"Other than storage, what is the common audio format used for?"
What world event caused the end of Claridge's company?
By how much were Franc Zone currencies devalued in January of 1994?
How many New Yorkers work in the television and film industry?
What sort of relationship did Gaddafi have with Halyna Kolotnytska?
What are the major roads in Richmond?
What do you call the length of time that foam is on top of beer because of carbonation?
Residents of what particular area have awareness of this link to Native American heritage?
"In what century did ""style"" as an artistic concept arise?"
How many books were said to have been written by Ibn Sina?
When did the wars against Spanish rule occur?
What was the rank of the person who commanded the third voyage?
Who defeated Japan during the World War II?
Which gland secretes a surge of hormonal agents into the blood stream?
What changed in 1885 due to the FA changing rules?
What group did Samuel Hoare set up in 1938?
What was the most important North American conflict between France and Britain called?
Who argued that the Old East Slavic Slavuta for the Dnieper River was derived from slova?
"Date Records gave rise to the group ""Peaches and Herb"" in what year?"
"What is comprised of a stop, fricative, and aspirated release?"
"What efficient type of unit does the process of ""engineering"" wood result in?"
What year did Bell get the patent for his telephone?
What does the abbreviation OCA stand for?
Who lay special emphasis on conservation of particular species?
How many art galleries are in Mexico City?
"What is the Indonesian calque for the Dutch word that literally translates as ""animal garden""?"
What does an upstream ISP provide for an ISP?
What was his punishment?
"If toxocariasis is left untreated, what can happen to a person?"
What type of palette was found in Tutankhamun's tomb?
What 3 US organizations have called for the banning of antibiotics in the production of food animals?
What did Spanish and Portugese ships use the islands for?
What withdrew the political boundaries of West Asia?
How many Tanner stages are there?
What is the diameter of fimbriae?
What devices are used to observe insulated system heat loss?
Which hospital is located at the end if 27th Street?
"Along with Guatemala, what country's government did Eisenhower order overthrown?"
"For what environmental initiative is the city of New Haven known, primarily for instituting the first of its kind in America?"
What were the principle texts of Hinduism?
What is the Russian Revolution?
What happened in Rakhine in the summer of 2012 that had severe implications on the running of the location?
What is the main material used to build the cellar in the basement of Main Building?
What do monotheists believe?
"Which word in the phrase ""het jaar des Heren"" is a weak noun with a genitive ending added?"
Which philosopher did Hayek learn about in a school lecture?
"Jews were banned from cities in Alsace, where were they forced to settle?"
What is not as common in open education?
What are the three largest sports clubs by popularity in Portugal?
With what broadcasting company does KU have a contract?
What airline uses this airport as its primary international hub?
What type of practices did John D. Rockefeller exhibit in the oil industry?
What is the main pathogenic bacteria in L-form class ?
"Who modeled the atom in 1913, challenging Rutherford's model?"
Friedrich Hayek name was commonly shortened to what?
Are there academic programs in Yale's residential colleges?
What was the first English available emulator?
Where did Moreau achieve his major victory against Austria in December 1800?
How many Americans were killed during the Pearl Harbor attack?
When did John Brown give Victoria his mother's wedding ring?
"In Minkowski spacetime, how can distances in space be measured?"
Which other song from the soundtrack did better in the charts?
What do historians and researches argue about concerning the emotional and affectionate activities?
From where did pubs without written names derive their names?
How many professional football clubs call London their home?
What creature did the nomadic hunter-gatherers of the plains hunt?
What does ASEAN mean?
Who was appointed as Queen Victoria's literary executor upon her death?
How many million tons of goods did port Eleusis transport in 2010?
Where was the 'Continental model' of police from?
What is dialect use associated with and thus stigmatized because of?
What is Portuguese pavement?
In approximately what year was Bulgaria founded?
Why was this constitutional convention held?
When were the mosaics in the Church of St Stephen re-discovered?
When did yeovil achieve promotion to the champion league
What is the most popular type of poulty that is farmed?
How many agricultural products in 2012 was Iran a top 5 producer in the world? Answer: 12
"In 1947, what company did Universal buy a stake in?"
After freedom was won by the Greeks who was of import to forming the rules  ?
Changes keep happening because new cultural stuff meets these type of innovations.
Who adored Burke's chivalry?
In what format were the BBC's first new bulletins shown?
What company mines salt in Detroit?
What are some courses Eton offers in the summer months?
What resource is the North Slope known for?
Does self-examination begin early or late in adolescence?
What is offered at the initiation of young men during familly-festival apellai?
"What is the negative effect of ""hot spots"" forming on the filament?"
Which years saw the An Lushan Rebellion?
What is the purpose of adolescence?
On what date was Frédéric's first performance that earned international esteem?
"Along with Mother of God, Immaculate Conception and Assumption of Mary, what is the other Catholic dogma related to Mary?"
When did the Great Freeze occur?
In what decade did the Southern Railway Company commission the program that created the Western Docks?
What did the Baroque trumpet become?
"besides water pressure, what else was used to increase the lifting power?"
Schwarzenegger bought Baena and their son a four-bedroom house in what year?
What language still survives as the representation of the one of the three religious orders of historic Greece ?
Who was the Oklahoma Cities  first female mayor?
What was the name of the person that attempted to assasinate Napoleon?
What has a three-way distinction in regards to stops and affricates?
When did this event occur ?
"Who wrote that Madonna is opportunistic, manipulative and ruthless?"
What does the CPI estimate?
What group has been unsuccessful in creating a unified church since 1948?
What was a beneficial improvement made to Patrick Street?
The practice of building ski runs by mechanical means has destroyed what?
To whom does the Facility seek to deliver aid?
What is the proportionality voting referred to in Mexico City?
What Japanese carrier was lost in the Battle of the Coral Sea?
Which television broadcasters produce art and cultural programming?
What financial institution went bankrupt and was liquidated in 2007?
What year was Spoleto Festival USA founded?
Who was elected mayor of Zagreb after the Communists won 59 parliamentary seats?
What makes solar energy an appealing source of electricity>
Where was Rufino Tamayo born?
Folk musicians are not commonly what?
What is the exponential dependence of a reaction rate on temperature?
Who was James Bruce?
How is Kazakhstan's human rights record compared to the rest of the world?
Where was Mardi Gras first celebrated?
"What is another term that can be used to describe ""potentially damaging"" compounds?"
Which city did Osman's son capture?
Who financed Studio Misr?
Which kind of fat is generally considered to be healthiest?
When did Pope Saint XXIII die?
Who is Northwestern's faculty member notable for being a Holocaust denier?
"Along with people with diminished immune function, like HIV patients, what group of people is more likely to develop extrapulmonary TB?"
Insects with fine scale spatial orientation live in colonies and where else?
What is McTaggart's second series called?
What types of churches attract tourists to Palermo?
Which sport was Albert proficient at?
What percentage of the population are the Kpelle?
In what years was the Abbey considered a cathedral?
"Stewart pointed out that the phrase ""Wall of separation"" was nowhere to be found in what?"
What does LSO stand for?
"After returning from India, Tito removed restrictions on what type of institutions?"
Where does an insect's digestion happen?
What cruise line has its headquarters in Southampton?
What was the coronation song for this season?
How many languages are spoken by the people of New York City?
What officer primarily had duties over finance matters?
WHy did the state affairs partly grow up on?
Who was the Italian Prime Minister in July of 1978?
Who first brought a postal service into Umayyad lands?
Who wrote The Threepenny Opera?
Non-standardized languages similar to Dutch include Yiddish and what other West Germanic language?
Women with red caps crowded around guillotines during the Reign of Terror to do what?
In what year was epinephrine discovered?
How many adherents worldwide does the group claim?
In what year did Paramount Pictures purchase DreamWorks?
What did architects often neglect in their pursuit of aesthetics?
To which other abbey was Westminster Abbey second in wealth?
What was standard for transferring data to and from the earlier type of smartphones?
When was litigation brought to South Africa?
"What occupation to Peter Carey, Germaine Greer, and Thomas Browne hold?"
What percent of Armenian children go to preschool?
What was the first year of the Berlin International Film Festival?
"Along with Ba'athists and Islamists, who was arrested as a result of the actions of the People's Committees?"
To what stadium did Arsenal FC move in 2006?
"When was Gaddafi born, and when did he die?"
What is the annual cost of a Live Gold membership in USD?
Damage to the brain occurs because of the increase in which process?
"What is said to mark the existence of a portal between such worlds, and to transform itself into a llama?"
Who was Nasser's opponent in Lebanon?
What was the primary goal of the German air doctrine?
What precipitated the Persian Gulf War?
How did Armando Dias die?
How Ballon d'Or awards have members of the Barcelona team won?
What nationality was santiago Ramon y Cajal?
What kind of building holds incunabula's today?
What did scientism aim to do?
What do all Protestantism denominations reject?
How are parameters chosen in a switching circuit?
How much of the conquered world was affected by Greek influences?
Who was the leader of slaves during the New Haven anti slavery movement in 1839
Who was The Times' Chief Editor in 1914?
When did South America show an increase in Evangelicals?
"Who approved a resolution concerning human rights on April 1, 2008?"
What is the theory that is based on acquired characteristics within a species?
How many square miles is Punjab?
What did hatamoto mean?
Approximately what percentage of the hard drive-based music player sales does iPod have since 2004?
What can adult learners obtain through studying at the Edwards Campus of the University of Kansas?
Where was the rheostat mounted?
What did Oberhauser call himself after he faked his death?
What is the informal name of The National Archives Building?
How many current students take Chinese courses at Eaton?
"In which century can the term ""buck"" be traced back to?"
"Who was Chopin's earliest piece of music, that there is a record of, dedicated to?"
In what battle had the Fatah movement distinguished itself?
What was the English name of the magazine published by the Revolutionary Committees?
How long was the truce intended to last for?
What is the title of Black Sabbath's 1970 album?
What has a three-way distinction in regards to stops and affricates?
Which architect helped modify the house into a palace?
What is extensive pretrial discovery a part of?
During what decade did the Seljuk Turks occupy Armenia?
What geologic climate was found in the Early Triassic?
What is the broadcast time for Sanskrit news on the DD National channel?
What was Kinnocks party theme?
What was the name of the blockade and bombing of Japan planed to make them surrender?
What military overran much of East Prussia?
When was East Tucson developed?
Who handled distribution in the other region?
In what year was the SFA founded?
Who won this season of Idol?
Near what town was Gaddafi's birthplace of Qasr Abu Hadi?
Which time period is suggested that cynodonts had a high metabolic rate?
What event did Sony take the PlayStation 3 to four months after E3?
"In the 1940s, what percentage of travellers used public transport?"
What prayer did people use in Mesopotamia to remember a beer recipe?
Who weeps around the body of the King?
"What did Miguel López de Legazpi call the island discovered on January 9, 1530?"
What is identified as determining how a person views him or herself to a significant degree?
The National Pet Owner Survey reported how many people had pet dogs in America between 2009 and 2010?
What happened in July 2014?
In what year was Wynn's plans for development scrapped?
Who was an example of a disloyal samurai?
How much did Beyonce initially contribute to the foundation?
What was the name of the document that standardized Serbo-Croatian?
When was Barcelona founded?
The effect of German victory and ensuing influence stems back to what factor?
"How were viewers able to determine who endorsed political campaign ads, they saw in advertisements??"
What did UN Security Council Resolution 82 accomplish?
How old was Bell when his mom started to go deaf?
"Of the three churches flanking New Haven Green, which is home to a notorious 17th century crypt?"
When did the US government leave Philadelphia for D.C.?
Who required the Benedictine monks to maintain a charity school?
What year was the R1 rocket born?
What creations brought in the modern industrial economy?
What was the long term goal for Egypt?
What year did Schwarzenegger sell Schatzi on Main?
What does Darwin note about the embryos of many different species in the same class?
At what point during season 9 of American Idol did Ellen Degeneres become a judge?
"While we call bamboo ""wood,"" what botanical family does it belong to?"
Why did Victoria hate Sir Conroy and Lady Flora?
The selection of nobility oh the polish kingdom was selected my whom?
What is the name of the lone surviving mosaic of the Crusader period?
In what year were the first federal elections after Eisenhower became president?
Who is the current head of BBC Television?
What year was the University of Southampton founded?
What happened to the kingdom of Hanover in 1866?
"In 2005, what country used increased health risks as rationalization for getting rid of DST?"
Where did Virgil's name become a generic term for magic-worker?
In what year did Universal sell its 360-acre lot to MCA?
When did this revival period begin?
What English musician did Kanye cite as one of his biggest inspirations?
Who portrayed Chopin in A Song to Remember?
What happens when a regulatory region binds to transcription factors?
On what date did the second test game take place?
Who did Victoria appoint as Gladstone's succesor?
What do the Vedas describe?
Who walked out of the U.N. security meeting?
Historian Margaret Jacob stresses the importance of the Masons in indirectly inspriting what type of thinking?
On what date did brothers from Holy Cross arrive at the future location of Notre Dame?
Lenin acknowledged the independence of which countries?
What year did the Spanish conquer Antwerp?
Why is internal digection better than external?
"As of 2002, how many births were attended by skilled health personnel in Eriterea?"
How many members are in the German Football Federation?
Processing data from input and output devices is typically done by what?
What was the first day that the new parliament met?
Which Tennessee city hosts the state's most famous aquarium?
What were the trigonometric functions that Aryabhata discovered?
What team did Arsenal play at the time of the radio broadcast in 1927?
The oldest known brain discovered was found in how old of a person?
Which of the Enlightenment's leaders did the British government give a knighthood and lucrative government office?
What is fundamentally different from older notions of race?
Why was the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company created?
What was the seat of government during the colonial times of the Viceroyalty of the Rio de la Plata?
In what year did iPhone sales surpass those of iPods?
Of what order is the breakdown field strength for mica dielectric capacitors?
What organization called for Tuvalu to  improve its water and sanitation systems?
Who laid out the Grid Plan?
What is something that causes a huge problem with employment in NPOs?
What state did Kanye West hide in while writing his next album?
What percent of Hispanics vote Democrat?
What are the low wattage lamps being replaced with in movie theaters?
What is the child of Mary known to be famous for according to  Giovanni Maria Mastai-Ferretti ?
Where did travelers early in the Middle Ages often find lodgings?
What did Patrick Henry's speech encourage to happen?
The 1919 riot involving Popper's comrades was part of what larger political move?
The foremost part of the brain in mammals is known as what?
What erroneous date did some users start seeing on their consoles?
Who did the NEC expel
Over 90% of homes use solar hot water systems in which two countries?
What is one parent company of the Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company?
How much of the glaciation in Austria disappeared?
"Along with teen pop, dance and hard rock, what form of music is typically not heard on AC radio?"
In what city was the funeral and burial for Donda West held?
What film festival will first air 'The BFG'?
On what day did the stadium crowd jeer the Royal March in protest against Primo de Rivera's dictatorship?
What can black-box testing sometimes be referred to with the in-ability to see the code?
His work at Cornell helped contribute to his what?
In what month of 2009 did VidZone start free service to some countries?
How many high-rises were present in New York City in 2011?
What is HMG-CoA responsible for producing?
"Along with the Angles and Saxons, what tribe spoke Anglo-Frisian?"
Chopin is a native of what country?
When did season five premiere?
With what Belorussian city does Kathmandu have a relationship?
What do the numbers identify in a bulb shape designation?
when was the bombay trading post established?
When was the Bolshevik Revolution?
What incident killed Diana in Paris?
Active flight ability has played what kind of role for insects?
What team defeated Arsenal in the finals of the Champions League in 2005-2006 season?
Who was Apollo's twin sister?
The treaty of Paris return how many esablishment captured by the British?
How many people were counted in the 2010 census?
Of what party did Gaddafi become president in this period?
"Along with Thai Boxing, in what has Mohamed Jama won a European title?"
What theorists agreed with this concept?
What happened in the Early Ceramic period?
What roles have interpreters occasionally played in history?
What is the name of the bay located at the south west coast of the Crimean Peninsula?
What percent of Tennessee residents self-reported their ethnic group as Irish in 2000?
What two factors cause asthma?
What name was Adalhard the Elder also known as in 822 AD?
"Who connsidered post-punk ""harsh urban scrapings [,] controlled white noise"" and ""massively accented drumming""?"
What wood is decay-resistant when wet?
Who attended the celebrations?
How many states are in Germany?
What id the data rate determined during?
What is one example of antibiotics that may have a possible side effect of tendon damage?
What tools were seen as evidence of violence among settlements?
Where did the Alemanni settle in the 5th century?
The foundation has donated billions to sufferers of
How many passengers does the most dense rail network in Europe carry annualy?
Where was Bibliotheque Bleue located?
People of African descent were the majority in Charleston until what mass movement?
What type of wrongful act will the state prosecute?
"Who listed Ray of Light as ""The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time?"""
Who did Kanye meet early in his career who later mentored him?
How many earthquake relief workers were killed?
How many murder convictions occur in the US per execution?
Where was the Treaty of Paris signed?
How much money did tourism create for New York in 2014?
Who was living on with the Greeks in Cyprus s 1974 ?
What year did color broadcasts start in the US?
What state was founded following the Fourth Crusade?
"Along with Lincoln and Ataturk, whose biography did Gaddafi read while in Misrata?"
What animal aids in the hunting?
In 1938 what was von Neumann awarded?
How many Irish employees did Dell hire?
The implications of identity and identity construction are discussed in what settings?
The domination of what helped create the Parisian dialect?
Which reviewer called the book melodramatic and contrived?
How many terrawatts of radiation does the earth receive?
What was the original name of the Science Museum of Oklahoma?
How were the semi-finalists divided in season four?
When was the Battle of White Horse?
How does the classifiacation scheme work on the Kinsey scale?
What manager updated the players uniforms in 1933?
What type of light gun dealt with aircraft up to 6000 ft.?
"Who also argued for the term ""African American""?"
Who does sunset limited service
IBM's net profit margins were 16.5% in what year?
"According to Genshin, whats has the power to destroy karma?"
What caused distrust between the German and Soviet governments?
Who represent's Tucson's wealthy areas in Congress?
In what year was it announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure?
What risk is avoided by aircraft by using an angled deck?
Under what conditions could a single state's withdrawal result in the termination of a multilateral treaty?
What are typical thermal mass material?
Who was the Perpendicular style chapel dedicated to?
Who did not connect with the soldier?
Which organization did Michael Rostovtzeff flee from?
Where in the Seattle area does Boeing have manufacturing plants?
During what years was the Portugal region incorporated in the Roman Republic?
Where is there a very active tradition of hunting of small to medium-sized wild game?
What is wrestling now thought to be?
What is the group of elements used to join the elements of an antenna?
How is the egg in American chop suey prepared?
What percentage of people were positive about Beyonce's endorsement of Pepsi?
How did the people of Boston react to the demolition of the West End?
What is a common alternate name for the tungsten filament bulb in Europe?
What do winners receive?
What was the last battleship in history to engage in combat with another battleship?
From the 10 of NOvember to the 24 of November how many sermons were actually delivered to the Italian people?
Smyth believed a scriptural church should consist only of regenerate believers who have been what?
What does FGM stand for?
What principles of architecture was the Alvorada designed with?
How many crew members were on the MV Maersk Tigris?
What was created for the sake of comparing English dialects?
What has been a traditional occupation for centuries?
What program gives incentives to private landowners to protect species on their land?
The Further and Higher Education Act 1992 allows polytechnics to award degrees without what organization's approval?
How many acres has the sale of Federal Duck Stamps helped to purchase or lease since 1934?
How many beds does the DMC have?
What two things did the mentors help the contestants with?
What ancient language is still in use today in some of the minuscule societies in the Grecian world ?
Where can these three elements occur in the immune system?
What type of transport was the steering oar most likely to be used during?
What agreement commits countries to develop resources for sustainability?
What percentage of families in the city were living below the poverty line?
Cardinals who were not bishops have been promoted to Cardinal around the age of 80 since what year?
"What is the name of the area which includes most countries not located in North, Central or South America?"
What is a vacuum?
How many units are in the Nehemiah Homes?
A manifest violation is required to invalidate a party's consent to a treaty due to a reluctance internationally to inquire into what aspects of other states?
"Along with Virginia Key, what does the Rickenbacker Causeway connect to Brickell?"
How many people were evacuated downstream?
The somerset level is the only area left  to commercially grow what
In what time period did the Devangari script become prevalent?
Over what span of time have the rules for written Dutch become less complicated?
How many Democratic appointees wrote the majority report of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission?
Which century did the Old Confederacy of the eight states exist until?
Who did Le Corbusier open his Paris studio with in 1922?
What percentage of New Haven's economy is based in services grounded in health care and education?
Which business sector contributed to the financial crisis by acting recklessly and taking on too much risk?
Who led the final government of the RSFSR?
North Carolina was the twelth state to ratify what document?
"Along with 860, in what year did Swedish raiders attempt to conquer Constantinople?"
What did Homo Sapiens acquire that allowed them to become aware of Culture?
How far is the Bab al-Azizia barracks from Tripoli?
What is the consumption of dead organic matter called?
What utility company sponsored a carbon emissions survey in 2006?
What part of the US Constitution outlines the relationship among the states?
What percent of crime was strictly property in 2006?
How many members make up the Presbyterian church in Australia?
"Along with modern and classical languages, what were all students in the lycées taught?"
Which form of government did Galicia start using in 1975
How long were the original lunar calendars?
Where did the British Royal Navy defeat the French and Spanish in 1805?
When did Lakulish systematize the Pasupata Shaivism?
In what kind of country is malnutrition often found as excessive consumption or as a nutritional imbalance?
Which three actors reprised supporting roles for Spectre?
Alexander III was the son of whom?
How tall are the mountains in Maine?
How long has Boston been a religious center?
How many copper alloys has the EPA approved as antimicrobial materials?
Which darker post-punk bands gave rise to gothic rock?
When did the British try to redo the Treaty of Nanjing?
"In terms of international travel, which airport is the world's busiest?"
Which two countries declared war on Germany on September 3 1939?
How can a member state use euro coins?
What groups of minorities could elect a cultural council before the Soviet occupation?
"Who did Jesus say were his ""brother, and sister, and mother?"""
How many employees worked at Dell's Texas headquarters?
Euro1080 was a division of what former company?
"Consumers tend to have less money to spend on other goods, when the price of which commodity is higher?"
What has served as a school of writing for many authors?
Which two countries was Victoria trying to improve relations between?
"The landmark, General Grant National Memorial, is also called what?"
When did the colonies declare independence?
"In addition to wool, what is uranium salt a mordant of?"
What can peer pressure influence?
How many kilometers was the planned route that was cancelled?
Who diverted resources to the destruction of the Partisans?
How many points does each club receive for each win?
What did Robert Blumenschine propose?
"Besides the areas of Spain, what other differences are there between Barcelona and Real Madrid?"
How many aftershocks were there?
Under what auspices does the BBC exist?
When was the Lady Chapel added?
Which season had a voting controversy because of a huge increase in text votes?
Bermuda is located in what ocean?
In which year was the new constitution ratified?
Who are the only players allowed to touch the ball with their hands?
Who can prohibit hunting to the clerics?
"Who wrote ""Living Black?"
Who invaded and destroyed the first major settlement of Roman London in 61 AD?
What can create a subsequent increase of nutrients in natural environment?
Where is the headquarters of the Congregation of the Holy Cross?
How long did three-phase system operate in Cascade Tunnel?
What field does the ijazah signify expertise in?
What tenet of sharia did Gaddafi believe was incompatible with socialism?
How many groups do these languages belong to?
Who is in charge of Ostia?
What interrupted the renewal of the IMF agreement with the Congo?
How many engines did the C-X75 originally have?
Rome dominated what peninsula?
What does herd immunity offer to vulnerable people when a large enough proportion of the population has acquired immunity?
What did Kurt Godel's theorem demonstrate about axioms and the inference rules?
What did women commonly have less of?
Why were problems created when transferring files between systems?
What is of the factors the capital cost of electrification system depends on?
How many people helped Queen set a 1976 attendance record?
Under whose rule were new Christian festivals added to previous Roman holidays?
Which German politician defended comprehensive schools?
When do large birds of pray migrate?
To whom did Aeneas set up an alter in Rome?
What did the team of engineers do?
When did the 2 worst haze pollution occur in Southeast Asia?
Basic respect for human beings is known as what?
What was his first proposition?
When did a guerrilla group fight for Namibia's independence?
What year's poll of supporters said that the Tottenham rivalry was greatest?
Is there a metabolism in endospores?
"Along with Electro and disco, what genre of music influenced Freestyle?"
When was the movie Airport made?
"What are humans thought to have played a significant role in, in Australia?"
What is the population of the London Metropolitan Region?
"According to doctrine, because all thing don't last, attachment can lead to what?"
What theory was more widely accepted by the mid-20th century?
How many paper cups are used by Americans each year?
What is the GDP of Mexico City?
What is the best-known medieval Chinese name for Tibet?
"Who defines the Near East as including Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Cyprus, Egypt. Georgia, Iran, Iraq, Isreal, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Oman, Palestine, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Syria, Turkey, the United Arab Emirates, the West Bank, and Yemen?"
What assures smooth traffic flow between departing and arriving aircraft?
Up to how many AFL matches are played each week in Melbourne?
Who was the winner of the 2014 Nobel prize in literature?
What theater sits on Yale's campus?
What English school offers Sanskrit as a language study?
How many singers are typically in the choirs?
What body maintains a National Inventory of notable pubs?
Where does the sub-Alpine zone extend from?
What are three of the other health conditions that occur more frequently with asthma?
When did Henry VIII take direct royal control?
Which group did Louis XIV tried push out of Alsace?
What is the estimated weight of the total amount of related DNA base pairs on Earth?
When did Cloudina exist?
How long has China been with centralized power?
"Beyond the storage of federal records, what service does the WNRC provide?"
Under whose direction was there disappointment?
What is Oklahoma's largest school district?
Which two coastal regions are now major tourist destinations?
when did the FAA shift to a more step-by-step approach to providing air traffic controllers with more advanced equipment?
Who planned the central city?
What elements does the structure of a gene consist of?
Why is it necessary for smaller animals to have an insulative covering?
What was the business state of Marvel by 2000?
Aspiration alters with what?
When did The Glasgow Looking Glass begin?
When was Somali Nation Television officially re-launched?
What did the temple-centered social organization of the farming peoples allow them to mobilize?
What view did the Qua-ran take on the sinful ways in which Mary could have been conceived ?
What is the term for a city with a population of over 10 million?
Who catalyzed the conversion of Tajik script into Cyrillic?
What did Tito use to get the people to unit in a battle against the occupation in 1941?
What is the Eastern Roman Empire in the Middle Ages called by contemporary scholars?
What is the western part of the Tennessee Valley called?
How many of Kanye West's albums were recognized by Rolling Stone Magazine?
What is the name of CBS' Mexican record label?
The Scorpions hailed from what country?
Who led the coup that gained control over Austrasia?
What were the windows in the snug made out of?
Who is the Bronx named for?
What have remained unchanged while the knowledge has grown?
How much larger is a dog brain olfactory cortex when compared to humans?
What type of objects did Hedley collect on Funafuti
"In what treaty were the serial Japan-Korea treaties of 1905, 1907, and 1910 confirmed as ""already null and void?"""
what is a perfect example of a filled vacuum showing a curvature?
In what year did Schwarzenegger play Jayne Mansfield's husband in a film?
Who established the College Park Airport?
What important heritage of art  from Greece was celebrated during this time ?
When did the USB Promoters Group announce the finalization of the USB Power Delivery specification?
"In 1965, how many women were on the birth control pill?"
When did the uniform theory of groups develop from different sources?
What benefit besides the cozy atmosphere would a wood-burning fireplace add to a home?
Who exercises the authority on behalf of the queen in Saint Helena?
What is another name for Jesus given?
Who does Betrand Russell started the schism that lead to the Enlightenment?
What commitee deals with differences in rules governing the use of pesticides among different countries?
What did Sony call the special offer they handed out to respond to the breach?
What are some consequences of the investments
What is the size of the mat?
Who gets to be crowned Road March King or Queen?
When did Aspar die?
The closing of what plant in 20147 caused a major loss to the automobile industry?
What  kind of particles are quarks and leptons?
In what battle did Mark Antony see defeat?
What had a negative effect on Chopin's health?
What remains unchanged in both the cases of the spaceship crew and of the stationary observer?
What is the name of the thicker-stroked writing used for the Quran beginning in the 9th century?
What industry is responsible for a large growth in Detroit's population?
The public hospital that has been around the longest in the US is what?
How many visitors go to the Alps annually?
Under whose rule were new Christian festivals added to previous Roman holidays?
When did the US Court of Appeals rule in the case of ACLU v. Mercer County?
Name two infrastructure projects Nasser spearheaded.
Which Nigerian political party was mostly Yoruba?
What was the name of the village that grew at Cow Ford?
The resurgence of traditional pop was one of the factors that led to what change in the music market?
In what area of Somalia can one find the tombs decorated with plants?
With who does Armenia have bad relations?
What organization advises the Tucson government on bike concerns?
Who owns Philip Morris USA?
What shape does the eastern end often exhibit in France?
What city did a peaceful match between two armies take place in 2007?
What is another word for rock composition?
What was the impact of the war on the wealth of Austria?
Who did the Ukrainian Bolsheviks conquer the Ukraine from?
What percentage of the June 2010 graduates received federal or private loans?
What are earnings from crude oil in Rajasthan expected to be in 2013?
What particular sect is a patron of this belief ?
Southampton has been redeveloped almost entirely in the years since which war?
Who was thought to be influenced by continental Anabaptists?
From which area does tourism bring the most income?
City University London is related to what specialized business school?
What did youtube announce in Feb of 2015?
What is the largest criticism leveled by consumers against Comcast
What does an inker do?
What was the first Universal film to use the three-strip Technicolor process?
What type of competition is a major feature of the festival?
What is created by contact between parts of the motor?
Why did Palermo substancially grow in size?
What date did Namibia get it's official name?
How often does Namibia conduct a census?
Who are Oklahoma's US Senators?
The Rock's persona is seen as what?
"In 1911, Russians occupied Northern Iran under what pretext?"
What is a uplight used for ambient lighting?
Why did the King of England have issues with parliment in the 17th century?
"Who, upon reprinting, will often append the dates on which the treaty was ratified and came into effect?"
What month did the Japanese launch an offensive into India?
What replaced the Browning 37nn because of jamming issues?
What does continuing to eat do for your illness?
What brought a change in vocabulary?
How high do the mountains get in Mexico City's region?
Because of copper's biostatic properties where is a common use for copper?
Where did the attendance at Arsenal games rank in relation to other English clubs?
What group did Andrew Crombie Ramsay belong to?
How long after the annexation of Kresy was the amendment made?
Who sponsored the Toledo School of Translators?
"During the Australian constitutional crisis, what Prime Minister was dismissed?"
What contexts do racial social constructs develop within?
What was the name of the clone in Poland?
What kind of tournaments does Cedar Ridge Country Club host?
In what case did the Supreme Court allow Section 1983 to be used to challenge a method of execution?
What Buddhist movement has linked more than 12 million people?
Homeostasis is defined as what?
How similar are the positions on the persistence of objects?
"What category do composite panels, strand board, and plywood all fit into?"
What invention led to an increase in efficiency in the farming of heavy soils?
What is another name for Ingvaeonic?
"Which plan defended the ""No Re-election"" principle?"
Adrenalize topped US album charts for how long?
"Who was the ""fittest city in the UK"" ahead of Southampton in 2007?"
What's another name for the concentric rings in trees?
Who did the first wave of Greek settlement consist of?
What are multiple protein coding sequences transcribed as?
What was Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow position?
What is one of the historical certain facts about Jesus?
During which decade did Whitehead's focus start shifting away from mathematics?
What method did Plato use to understand political systems?
When was Columbus' first voyage?
The domination of what helped create the Parisian dialect?
When did the residents of St. Barts file for separation from Guadeloupe?
Schwarzenegger was the spokesperson for the Special Olympic games held in what city in China?
Who moved the capital from Nanjing to Beijing?
When did Japan surrender?
Lead oxide makes it easier to dissolve what?
What country is about 4200 km from Guinea-Bissau?
"When the Ottoman forces were busy, who did Greece invade?"
What is one example of nonverbal communication?
How many jobs in the primary sector were in forestry or lumber production?
Liberia has the highest ratio of what?
How many Tuvaluan men are active seafarers?
How many major Islamic caliphates existed after Muhammad's death?
Where did he want to be buried?
Until what event did the ancient methods of spinning and fabrication of cotton last?
What genre did Zane Grey write in?
A number of artists have cited Kanye as being what to them?
In what year was the First Crusade proclaimed?
What was the name of the Pirate on board the Fancy who later teamed up with five other pirate captiains to attack the Indian Fleet?
What was one factor behind the inefficiency of the French railway system?
What is the meaning of the word neuron in Greek?
When did Madonna take voice lessons?
When were the mosaics in the Great Mosque in Corduba created?
How much of the state is controlled by the Bureau of Land Management?
How did the Bovington sign course director think of Gaddafi?
What is the name of an Apple-produced iPod accessory?
During which time period did Virgil's name become associated with miraclous powers?
What two winter sports would you do at the mountain range?
What would the Chinese use to continue Confucian values?
How many acres of land does Gateway Nation Recreation contain?
How many tourists are expected annually thanks to the airport?
What is resonated by a capacitor along with the receiver tuning that maintains resonance over the AM broadcast band?
Providing a government service from the lowest form of local government that can adequately provide the service is called what?
What kind of board does a university commonly have?
What school shooting prompted the creation of Demand A Plan?
What group did Andrew Crombie Ramsay belong to?
What Secretary of the Air Force resigned in 2008?
When did General Wavell resign as commander of the Allied forces of Southeastern Asia?
Who decided to send British troops into Germany?
What do the katharos vase and vine refer to?
What was it used for?
What powers of a new UK police officer are the same as a Commissioner's?
Which family constructed the Basheer Bagh Palace?
Sicily and Palermo became part of what Kingdom in 1861?
How many jobs were created by the mid-1930s thanks to San Diego's tuna cannery that was developed in 1911?
Who was John's eldest son?
Which well known performer has used Sanskrit chants in her music?
What does the study argue about the fundamental message regarding the existence of races?
What is the burial place of Fructuoso Rivera?
What is a sequence of MP3 frames called?
What product did the mulberry garden produce?
What is the best known Cubist architecture building?
Men's arousal patterns were found to be with?
Who was the last Ptolemaic monarch?
Who was Dell's main business rival?
When did Beyonce partner with C&A to sell fashion in Brazil?
How many crop seasons are there in Rajasthan?
The terms and travaux preparatoire of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights were both factors in determining what aspect of the treaty as it relates to North Korea's stated intentions?
Freemasons trace their origins to what?
What did the Jews need to pay to ride a horse into town?
Who was the mid-season deal for?
How did people feel about Manchester's decision?
In what year did Jim Foster conceive of the idea of arena football?
What was the main action of humanism during the Renaissance>
What percentage of Manhattan residents own an automobile?
What gene makes grapes purple?
Who did an analysis of World Values Survey data?
When did Cruyff win his third Ballon d'Or?
Of what venue was Chopin an often invited guest?
What kind of linguistics describes how factors of languages change in history?
What did Mildred Burke form?
Where did Nintendo start unveiling the new systems?
Are tidewater glaciers more or less affected by climate change than other glaciers?
How many types of genetic origin testing currently exist?
Henry Purcell was buried where?
Tito Square is located in what Slovenian city?
What political movement was Paul VI criticized for having a relationship with?
Who headed the Nazis?
Allotrophy happens between what temperatures?
What color is the plaque that marks the Spitfire designer's house?
Where do Swiss militia keep their Army issued equipment?
Constitutional Court also serves as what type of arbiter?
"Under the rule of King Dom Carlos I, on what two days was Portugal declared bankrupt?"
What year did Taiwan begin teaching Hokkien in schools?
The Times began producing what kind of non-newspaper product in 1895?
What is the average time for freezing temps?
Which early traveler provided an early description of the Rus?
When did the Arme-Shupria rule?
How are tags assigned if there are more hunters than game?
Computing resources that are created in cell phones are called what?
Where did the march happen?
How many segments make up an insects abdomen?
Who oversees the transit network in Paris?
why did King James I licence other trading companies from england?
Which network is the main live broadcaster of Premier League in Australia?
Who wanted to put mysticism into the Dominican Order?
How many Ukrainians speak Russian natively as of 2004?
How far away from the line of scrimmage must Canadian football defenders be?
Why couldn't Eisenhower attend Annapolis?
What led to the Bronx's population growth?
In what year did American air attacks on the Marshalls begin?
What remains unchanged in both the cases of the spaceship crew and of the stationary observer?
How long does Everton FC have to pay back £30 million they borrowed from Bear Stearns and Prudential?
How soon after planes crashed into them did the WTC towers collapse?
Where is Somtal network located?
On what dates did Seattle experience a snow event of 6 feet?
How much did 'Saving Private Ryan' earn?
Who built the Marais-quarter Agodudas Hakehilos Synagogue?
When was the Battle of the Coral Sea fought?
How many components does the Belgian political landscape include?
Three Asian countries see dogs as what?
How wide is Swaziland in miles??
What act was signed in 1934?
What Roman battle took place in the year 446 BC?
What notable football player played at Notre Dame from 1916 to 1920?
When was the Siku Quanshu finished?
When did Tito leave India?
What settlement featured equal sized homes with little evidence of capital?
People selected dogs they wanted based on what two things?
Who convinced Sun Quan to make Nanjing his capital?
In what year did Egypt get a new constitution?
Who developed the concept of a German Nation?
Who declared the Partnership Action Plan against Terrorism?
What trend led to parts of the world developing their own local Neolithic cultures?
Who commissioned the Joe Luis memorial?
Hunt was a significant contributor to what?
On what date did Queen's May and Taylor appear on UK X-factor?
What Hong Kong university was created in 1991?
What is the name of Portugal's central bank?
Why was insulin therapy delayed?
The Warsaw Chopin Society holds the Grand prix du disque de F. Chopin how often?
What two agencies had a lack of co-operation?
What cities may have influenced the beliefs of Gemistus Pleto?
"In Israel, the term Ashkenazi is now used in what manner?"
Without what could morale collapse occur according to Arthur Harris?
What has Jared Diamond blamed the decline of gatherers on?
What can come in a wide variety of styles for various functions?
The second feature of Coordinative definition involves what?
What are middle powers?
What album made her a worldwide known artist?
How long have Christians made up nearly 1/3rd of the population?
What were two other locations people began to fly to instead of going to Atlantic City?
What entities are working together to promote the FEELS model?
What is the annual budget of Notre Dame's LaFortune Center?
Where are the Neolithic graveyards?
During which years did the Synod have power to enact measures?
Who is the stylist and jewellery designer that created Madonna's look?
When did a mass migration of the community that  previously held a persuasive authority on the Burmese population start?
What is the economy of Tibet dominated by?
Who serves as the representative of the Director of National Intelligence?
All four men were convicted and received what as punishment?
What was put in the temple of Vesta?
The shrine of San Vittore in ciel d'oro had mosaics from which century?
How many people were wounded in the cases where FBI shooting was not justified?
What must an infectious agent only be identified in to satisfy the first of Koch's postulates?
what was broken/damaged on the boat?
When was the official tally of students killed in the earthquake released?
Portuguese law continues to be a major influence for what?
What kinds of agreements do contract law cover?
What are three properties of hydrogen at normal temperature and normal pressure?
What spin-off company took over operations in Bermuda in 1615?
Why did the King dislike Victoria taking the trips?
Is American citizenship required to be an FBI agent?
What percent is the rotavirus responsible for in diarrheal disease deaths?
What is the nearest port to Saint Helena?
Who funded the 132nd Street Community Garden's water distribution system?
What were the five Departments of State that did the work of the modern Ministry of Defence?
"In addition to wool, what is uranium salt a mordant of?"
The custom of designating areas of Jewish settlement with biblical names meant that Spain was referred to as what?
"Besides the United States, what other country sent military personnel to Korea?"
How many marine species are present at the National Marine Aquarium?
what does the author of the mortal female focused early example hexameter poetry say of the Hellenic protector ?
What did Operation Smiles do for the Philippines?
What work was the first to see McKerrow use his new method?
What do the Protestants call him?
What is the official title of Delhi's head of state?
What was the first mascot of Northwestern Athletics?
What type of island grouping is Tuvalu?
Did Charlemagne's expansion of the Frankish empire bring about a brief period of upheaval or stability in Francia?
What prevented a full-scale merger of the two companies?
When was the Presbyterian Church in Canada formed?
How many Grand Lodges and Grand Orients are listed in the CLIPSAS list?
On what day did the Spanish see the island they named Corrales?
What was occurring to Pangaea in the late Triassic?
What did the emperor do in response to so many defeats by the Europeans?
What was greater use of congregational judicial procedures used to enforce?
How many certified albums does Madonna have?
On what date in 1920 was the Communist party outlawed in Yugoslavia?
What did architects often neglect in their pursuit of aesthetics?
How many wildcard contestants were chosen?
What are ISPs subject to monitoring by in some countries?
On what date was a state funeral held for Napoleon?
What chemical treatment will prevent bare copper from oxidizing?
What can these results be caused from?
What does the CAR get help with with regards to communication from ITU-D?
What game was bundled with the SNS-101?
Who has composed most of Steven Spielberg's movies?
What road does state route 2 begin on?
The more expensive fresh foods have what nutritional value in relation to processed food?
What percentage of the sequencing did the Washington University Medical School contribute to the Human Genome Project?
When did draining of Lake Texcoco begin?
On what date was the 2010 Human Development Report released?
What is the inflamation a result of?
What is the only medal Bermuda has ever won?
What is the degree of sequence similarity between homologous genes called?
What nearly was known as the original 'Christian faith'?
Over what age are higher education applicants considered mature?
A 2013 study estimates that what percentage of Ashkenazi maternal ancestry comes from women indigenous to Europe?
Which president began funding UNFPA again?
What was Filner's sentence?
What is federalism in the United States?
"Along with The Royal Oak and The Crown, what is a traditional name for a pub?"
Queens is located on what part of Long Island?
How did Lavoisier produce hydrogen for his experiments?
What ethnicity comprised the largest number of immigrants at the beginning of the twentieth century?
What is made with an alloy of 4% aluminium mixed with 96% zinc?
When is the inrush current affected by the USB specification?
Which European emperor painted their palace red?
What does clothing materials do more quickly compared to stone and bone?
What LED has the flattest I/V curve above the knee?
What song name does the band Suga Mama  and a song on the B'Day album share?
"After WWII ""coming out"" ceremonies were replaces with what event?"
From 1861 to 1875 how many times was Dmocratic minority speaker not nominated?
What group did the Nobility of Ruthenia gravitate its loyalty towards?
What did the Canadians do to children that did not wish to work?
Which epithet did Apollo have as god of music and arts?
Who led the unification of Germany in 1871?
What do Coptic Christians face?
What are the four categories of terra nullius?
"""There's an app for that!"",  what have been different technologies been created to do?"
What caused the development of the Jura Mountains?
What year did The Strait Times (Singapore) start?
Did cubism influence other fields outside of painting and scuplture?
Chopin's birth is recorded as when?
What role does Warwick have on the show?
What is one example of failure testing?
Who may license and regulate attorneys in Florida?
What is the most efficient means of transportation into and out of Alaska?
How many people in London attended each day of the the three day event?
What weekly entertainment print news source for New Haven is backed by The Register?
How may aircraft carriers be classified?
What caused the Roman state to provide armaments to their army?
How much debt did Detroit have when they declared bankruptcy?
Which credientials did Liebig lack despite being a leading organic chemist?
What does the DC-008 change?
What does the word samyaksamadhi mean?
What was the main responsibility of the Ottoman state as it relates to lands?
What is the atomic weight for hydrogen?
The Delhi Ridge is also referred to by what name?
"A person can awaken from the ""sleep of ignorance"" by acknowledging the true nature of what?"
How much do some patients going through psychosurgery suffer from the sensation of pain?
What sort of films were produced by Red Feather?
Which case concerning White and Hispanic firefighters was heard by the Supreme Court in 2009?
Where is the Sprint Unlimited held?
What justification for his objections to the process of natural selection did Karl von Nägel give?
Who supported the Austro-Hungarian Empire?
When did Yale issue the first Ph.D in the United States?
Who mentions a Daurentius (577–579) that slew an Avar envoy of Khagan Bayan I?
For how long have humans been using stone tools and weapons?
Who wrote a biography of Burke?
Did many believe the FBI was resisting important changes?
When was Peirce born?
"In addition to preventing a power from overstepping their agreement, how was Ethiopia able to mitigate the impact of European colonization?"
What was the British-Russian rivalry called?
What direction do you travel to get from Richmond to Sandston?
What was the event called that caused  Ayutthaya  to reclaim lost territories ?
What kind of institution is KU's engineering school?
What fraction of the size of an NFL football field is an arena football field?
In what year was there a double homicide?
What streaming service broadcast AFL games that were not on NFL Network?
Why was Darwin unhappy with the first French translation of On the Origins of Species?
Serotonin is a neuromodulator that is involved in regulation of what?
Where did Kanye's famous mic-grab incident occur at?
Southern Alaska has what two Koppen climate classifications?
What year did Edward III show up in Southampton and tell them to build walls?
A stable Greece allowed it to have what?
What happened at the end of the Cold War?
In what year was streptomycin discovered?
What was a key factor in Frossard's disasterous retreat to the south?
Who is the cardinal protopriest at this time?
How many tourists visited Boston in 2011?
What is the rate of interreligious marriage in France?
In what Central American country has cotton use been found from early times?
Do scientists believe that parenting and/or childhood play a role in sexual orientation?
How is the prison quality in the CAR?
What religion was George Berkeley?
How fast could the first ReWritable CD be written?
What were some uses for Amphetamine?
What song did Lauren Alaina release after coming in second on American Idol?
"Sated in inches, what is the common range of paper thickness?"
Who is the Brazilian Prime Minister for racial equality?
What did anti-federalist support?
What is the gold price of the broadband service?
Which Franciscan monk motivated the peasants to fight against Muslims at the Siege of Belgrade?
What is the name given to the celebrated date of 23 April 1775 in New Haven?
Who saw Popstars while in Australia and wanted Britain to have the same thing?
What parts of the mandolin faciliate the tremolo technique?
What is used to discover the right exposure parameters?
How was the community able to increase?
"In the Fall, people go to North Carolina to see what?"
Was government response to the Enlightenment uniformly positive or widely varied?
What was the name of the general who claimed Guam?
For what reason would solar energy be used in a water stabilisation pond?
What is an example of socially valuable goods?
What did John Calvin claim Jesus could have done?
When was Madonna inducted into the UK Hall of Fame?
What is Houston's nickname?
What famous figure of the Copper Age wore clothes similar to the Neolithic Era?
What are three types of minerals Portugal is a notable producer of?
What has the U.S military proposed?
How many fans saw Queen at Slane castle?
To what age did Passos Coelho increase the retirement age?
Which producer influenced Queen's feedback heavy sound?
What is the name of one of the libraries located in London?
Where is the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum?
What does the government of this country provide to businesses that produce content?
Who is in charge of all sports teams at KU?
What is the term that represents a unit trust vehicle that allows endowments to be invested to produce returns for the lon term?
The armed forces has approximately how many members?
Why would they leave agricultural lifestyle?
What are two prominent 360 exclusive franchises?
In what year did Salazar view the Marshall Islands?
How big is Mexico City's GDP?
What invention replaced laces on clothing?
"How many Tajik troops fought against Germany, Finland and Japan during WWII?"
When did comic strips start appearing in hardback collection volumes?
The release of Internet Explorer started the first what?
How many Dutch warships were fended of by Christopher Martin in 1673?
What is England's oldest standing palace from the Tudor period?
What's another name for the bar-winding-rotor?
What is the name of the mountaneous region along the Atlantic cost.
What does Islamic philosophy more clearly explain than Aristotelianism?
What is the New World Translation the most accurate translation of?
What form of speech shows that Sanskrit and Prakrits existed together?
Who provided financial backing for the Edison Lighting Company?
In which province are Serbian and Croatian both languages offial?
What mountains surround the Sichuan basin to the North?
What kind of diet may require more than 15mg of zinc daily?
What type of language is Catalan?
What language is used in Eritrean university education and many technical fields?
What is subject to the Orphan Drug Act?
Why do the birds fly north?
What is the name of the son of Chen Zheng?
With what veneration did most Christians have little trouble?
Which Dell committee keeps the company from violating antitrust laws?
What is the German analogue of the comprehensive school?
In what regions concepts was the Ottoman economic system based on?
What characteristic of a compilation of witnesses is the most beneficial to a textual critic?
In what time period did the Glided Age occur?
What is the variety of alleles within a single species?
When did North Korea call an end to the armistice?
What replaced the Windows Explorer comman bar?
When did the North Carolina Constitution disestablish the Anglican church?
Where do the Kpelle reside?
How many games does each of them broadcast?
What is the more common term in Israel for many of those broadly called Sephardim?
This language is the official dialect of worship for the traditional sect for church worshipers of Greece ?
How many tonnes of Cassave is produced per year?
What is definitely seen as being written by Avicenna?
When did the 'War Horse' book come out?
What is the name of the typeface that Times New Roman is based on?
What did the Immigration Act's entry permit system include?
Who is Richmond's electricity supplier?
How early did the small republic states exist in India?
What BYU group is known as one of the best formation ballroom dance teams in the world?
What will drying often increase in wood?
How was Elio executed?
How is Valencian classified?
In what plant were cells first discovered by microscope?
How did the republic of liberia begin?
"According to theory, what did climate change in the Late Triassic cause?"
What relationship does excitement and memory share?
The doctrine of pratityasumatupada is a important part of what type of metaphysics?
What English musician did Kanye cite as one of his biggest inspirations?
What percentage of school-aged children are estimated to attend secondary school?
Who flew the first non-stop transatlantic aircraft flight?
What conditions will produce a free-running rhythm in humans?
What year was the goal for Russia's new carrier to achieve initial operational capability?
Where did Von Neumann study as a PHD candidate?
Bell needed to fix both the transmitter and what?
What is a safety feature found in passenger elevators they generally do not have?
Who granted the English East company a character to govern the island?
How much did tourists spend in Boston in 2011?
What is the largest denomination of the entire Ireland Island?
One of Beyonce's most successful tours yet was which one?
Which bridge in NYC is the busiest in the world?
What parts of the US are covered by the 'Bible Belt'?
When did republicanism gain strength during Queen Victoria's reign?
"How often is the ""Brotherhood and Unity"" relay race done?"
What did the DHS focus on?
How many asphalt short tracks are in Arizona?
What team failed to make it to the playoffs in 2015?
What do humans get exposed to with pets that may help them not get sick?
What substance did Barbieri use in his work with high-brightness LED?
Where was there a minute of silence during the relay?
Which organization founded in 1956 evolved into the modern Canadian Football League?
Which probe did the larvae react to?
Where did the festival in Barbados originate from?
Who was the Papal Sacristan for John XXIII?
Where do you find silicate?
"Where did the first debate, between Kerry and Bush take place?"
Bacterial infections could be treated with medicines containing what kind of dye?
What is the highest street number within the borough of Manhattan?
What is the archaeological period of the Mauryan Empire?
When did Demetrius take control of Athens?
What was the name of the federalist army officer who eventually came into power during the new election?
How of Charleston's total area is dry land?
What was the FIFA  charge that Barcelona violated?
In what year did the UK hand Norfolk Island over to Australia to administrate?
What series replaced Funday Night at the Movies?
"What did St. Augustine comment on in Book 11, regarding thinking about time?"
What is the 2009 population of Whites in Detroit?
Was the Chopin family boarding house for male or female students?
What are the two main components of cardiovascular disease?
Outside of sun exposure in what circumstance did pigment made from rubia tinctorum fade?
"In 2011, what percentage of Dutch adults spoke Frisian?"
Where was the federal parliament moved after 1927?
What shape do mountain valleys have pre-glacation?
Estrella was played by which actress?
In what year were Machine-room-less elevators first allowed?
What advanced mathematical methods did the Tang dynasty have?
What type of movies came out of Bluebird?
Which section of the US contains subtropical forests and mangrove wetlands?
How many ends did the cross supposedly have?
How was the migrating of ospretys and honey buzzards tracked?
"What kind of wood with a name that starts with ""H"" is a ring-porous hardwood?"
What is the first period of the three that Western history is traditionally divided into?
Where does Interstate 805 split from I-5?
Why were foxes originally hunted?
What is the name of the Residential College that houses students with an interest in science and engineering?
What did President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf have installed in her presidential office?
What political doctrine interested Popper in 1919?
What is another name for steamer ducks?
What was Kanye creating when he was five?
What are some catalysts used in hydrogen cooling
What year did King George VI visit the island?
What colonies did Spain hand over to the US after the war?
what tables of OpenType allow permit the selection of alternative glyph representations?
Approximately how many total iPods had been sold by late 2009?
Who wrote the Divine Comedy?
Which European emperor painted their palace red?
What products sometimes retain their native names in both English and Spanish?
Hoe did everyone learn that Beyonce performed for Kaddafi?
How did the capacitor traditionally used in radio tuning circuits change over time?
Where do the Everton Tigers play their home games?
How many graduate and professional programs are offered by Northwestern?
Who confessed that wrestling was not competition?
When was the crew chosen to participate on the Apollo 11 mission?
What purpose do aircraft carriers serve for aircraft?
When did the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland unite?
What was the name of the corporation that looked over common task?
What are the power variants in USB 3.0 ports?
What are the most abundant polyphenolics in purple grapes?
What was issued to halt the use of higher currency denomations?
"Based on year 2000 data, where is GE ranked among the largest corporate producers of air pollution in the US?"
Where did Jacob and his family migrate to?
What is the winning percentage the Cubs posted that still stands today?
"What is the pronunciation of the Irish ""r"" called?"
What breed of penguin lives in Antarctica?
What do atheists believe of God?
How are the human rights in the CAR?
What were used to write Sanskrit?
Where have many of these US Air Force pilots chosen to find employment instead?
How long is Kumari believed to incarnate Taleju?
What doesn't the genetic variation within the human species support?
Little River marks the boundary between Melbourne and which city?
What is included in the first part of the critical apparatus?
How did Briggs characterize the relationship between France and Edwards?
Who initially held a strong position during the battle at the border?
Of which Washington county is Seattle the center?
When did the emperor Constantine  lose rule over in 1453 ?
"What perception do some feel that the nickname ""The Lord's University"" gives about university officials?"
What definitions of the Middle East are no longer ideologically sound?
What technique is used in art to examine underlying layers of a painting without damaging it?
where did the trade route pass through?
How many people work in the New York publishing industry?
What other types of theater performance are seen in Nanjing?
What did the BBC program make their viewers question?
Where did Feyman accept a job after the war?
Near what were most restaurants opened?
When were the Plymouth Raiders inaugurated?
What league freed Corinth?
How did the translation of Rubaiyat achieve an Oriental flavor?
What caliph reigned from 740 to 750?
What caused Victoria's rheumatism?
How long was von Neumann's lattice theory paper?
The structure of poetry may have existed before what?
How many Earth years does Neptune orbit the sun?
Which members of British royalty were seen on the BBC in May of 1937?
What did the first assassination attempt do for Victoria's reign?
What were reasons that the late 1757 time frame looked bad for Prussia?
What took the place of Mac's Xserve server?
What year was the PlayStation 3 released?
What nationality was the band Nazareth?
What is the definition of mutual intelligibility?
Who won the first and second cups?
What notable historical event occurred in Japan in 1868?
What is the ancient Egyptian hieroglyph for green?
What is the term used in spain for prime minister?
What are often borrowed to represent a particular morpheme?
What did the ascent of the Matterhorn mark?
"What does the French ""actuel"" mean in English?"
Who brought the language Hokkien to Myanmar?
Who was one significant early italian resident?
What other branch of Islam is recognized by the Iranian government?
How many were killed by the Communards?
What is external evidence?
What did Americo-liberians exclude tribes from?
What is often considered valuable for generating a new set of philosophical problems?
What group can be the quotient of the free group over the generators of the group?
What should be used when using ancestry to make inferences about individual phenotypes?
What feature had importance in sacrifices?
What were barrage balloons initially used as an obstacle to?
What percent of Georgia is fluent in Russian?
What country was opposed to the invasion of the canal?
What material doesn't easily wrinkle?
What is the main reason that countries were excluded from the 2011 report?
Which two accessories were featured in the movie The Wizard?
What is the nature of the different versions of a treaty executed in multiple languages?
What is the primary race of the population of the Randolph neighborhood?
What kind of things can annelids' sensors detect?
What fighting formation would eventually replace the phalanx in battle?
The IEEE 802.3af Power over Ethernet (PoE) standard specifies a what?
"what was theregion called before ""the great plans""?"
What myth did Bruce Voeller perpetuate in the 70's?
What did Oberhauser call himself after he faked his death?
Which country has been resistant to attempts to make the soverign debt assets more like the U.S. Treasury?
"According to Heisenberg and Schrödinger, the reduced Planck constant remains what?"
Which film had Robbie Williams performing a cover of Queen's We Are the Champions?
How many horseman were likely to be found in a single manipular legion?
When was the New Hampshire Baptist Confession of Faith created?
Identify the French colonies lost  to the British in 1759 and 1762.
What percent of Georgia use Russian as their main language?
What group was responsible for recognizing Paul Vi's miracle?
What are oxidizers?
What arena was ArenaBowl XXI played in?
What did Apple introduce in 1990 to combat competition from smartphones?
In what century was the church established at the location?
How many people are employed by the ICT industry in Melbourne?
What did King charles levy on river boats
What occupation were Daniel and his friends originally meant to have?
In what country is the US's Task Force Smith located?
What was the Seven Years' War considered as the prelude to?
When did immunology start to become codified as a scientific theory?
Where is tracheae located?
When did the British and Russian empires begin encroaching on Tibet?
On what date was Frédéric baptised?
How many kilograms of uranium may be contained in the oceans?
What are some examples of  mammalian fauna found in Laurisilva forests?
How many U.S. planes were land-based?
"In adverse weather conditions, what can be used to improve traction on the landing strip?"
When did the investigation of the signals transmitted by Compass -M1 begin?
What is the term for someone who has achieved nirvana?
What was severely lacking in Kievan in the 12th century?
What are digital photo cameras also called?
What section of the temperate climate zone does Estonia reside?
Who discovered the correlation that congressman who have less local press coverage work less for the people who elected them?
How many Soviet troops occupied Baku?
"Why is it problematic that the ""coloured"" population of Bermuda is now referred to as ""black"" or ""African heritage""?"
What did the Council of Nicaea decide about Arianism?
The third of the goals concerns what?
"By using UTC, applications get out of adjusting to changes around clock shifts and what other factor?"
What is made up of producing a difference given a source and a target?
What did the American colonies accuse the monarch of?
How many round-trippers did Rodriguez slug in his first season in Chicago?
How will the infrared image of an object with a higher emissivity appear in relation to one with lower emissivity?
What has recently led to a resurgence in the Chamorros culture and preservation of their old ways?
For how many days did the America's Cup World Series take place in Plymouth?
How old was Gladstone after the general election in 1892?
"How many online views did the Short Films, Big Ideas campaign generate?"
Which Spanish city does the Autovía A-6 lead to?
How many divisions involved in the Allied invasion of Europe did Eisenhower visit?
What is Nanjing's airport called?
In Kinseys mind what percentage of people are considered to be fully heterosexual or homosexual?
Dogs were the only domesticated animals for what North American population?
Did Europeans speak Spanish in America?
How many numbers can a cell of a computer's memory hold?
"What Mozart piece did Rose Rosengard Subotnik conclude is ""an ideal musical representation of the Enlightenment""?"
How long has China been with centralized power?
Which Russian was involved in naming the Marshall Islands?
What would Norfolk Island residents have to start paying as a result of the new council?
"Along with army leaders, police and civil administration, what did the governor control in his province?"
"As a result of American hostility, what military alliance did Libya say it would join?"
Was government response to the Enlightenment uniformly positive or widely varied?
What important protein helped with expansion of the inhabitants?
What was the primary cause of the cholera outbreak in 19th century London?
Name the archaeology museum?
What colors did many websites convert their home pages to?
What can the team that wins the coin toss choose besides whether they wish to kick off or receive the ball?
When was the City of Richmond founded?
What is the section of East 58th Street between Lexington and Second Avenues known as?
When was the motto adopted?
Which conquistador from Spain conquered the Aztec Empire?
What was the strategy called that was used by Eisenhower's campaign?
In what year did Brazil become independent from Portugal?
Out of what city was the Sea Nymph sailing?
Who was the first African American to gradute from Vassar College?
What is the main regional train and coach terminus in Melbourne?
How does the Swiss economy rank worldwide by nominal GDP?
What percentage of San Diego's residents rely on theri automobile as a primary source of transportation?
How many cases that are diagnosed in childhood make it past 10 years with asthma?
What was  Athanasius doing when he was arrested?
The Crown Prince's marriage to whom was considered the most prominent of German-British royal liasons?
How large is the Tallgrass Prairie Preserve?
Before 2013 the foundation gave how how much to planned parenthood
Name three painters?
"Along with a syntax and grammar, what attribute does a dialect possess?"
Who holds TV distribution rights to Paramount's post-1949 releases?
Where are most of the black converts from?
What is the central-southern area of Namibia known as?
What is thought to possibly cause neurobehavioral alterations?
What is the only Tipitaka to survive intact in its original language?
How much debt to creditors was Greece suppose to reduce?
How long is Greek's rail network estimated to run?
The British army was considered to be what by Walter Ulbricbht?
"When was the ""Palace of Trade"" built?"
What did Elizabeth celebrate in 2002?
What is one type of configuration in which a capacitor may have its connecting leads organized?
What state uses as a motto a passage from the Bible?
What locations saw an increase in populations?
The actual name for the case was what?
When did these communities begin?
"What color is hotter than ""red hot""?"
What was replaced by the spinning wheel?
Which school granted Lee an honory doctorate in 2006?
What are two radio stations that broadcast from KU?
In what century was it believed that the UK used the word varsity to refer to a university?
How do translators preserve context?
What was the export level of Sichuan in 2008?
In which decades did bands like MC5 and Rare Earth become big in Detroit?
How many representatives did FIFA have in the IFAB?
What special item is included with certain versions of Twilight Princess HD?
What do atheists believe of God?
what cities in the UK had major house scenes?
Which former Fed Chair confessed in Congressional testimony to being forced to return to lax monetary supply?
"If the landowner fails to adequately protect the species, what penalties do they face with the ""No Surprises"" rule?"
What larvae live like plankton?
"The appearance of more systematic, abstract thinking is a notable aspect of what type of development during adolescence?"
In what year was the Plebiscitum Ovinium initiative enacted?
Whose return to Apple resulted in the company's reorganization?
What city did Nasser want to keep the French and British out of?
Which team member has his own fan following?
What else is St. Mary's known as?
What discovery caused the model that one gene makes one protein to be refined?
Are standard traffic patterns right-handed or left-handed?
What was the first private equity firm to decide not to submit a bid for Dell?
What form of Federalism is characterized by where sovereignty resides in the whole?
Where did the BBC broadcast from following World War II?
What event occurs on New Year's Eve?
"What character represents the ""line feed"" function?"
In what year did Tony hawk's American Wasteland release?
"In an argument by Avicenna, the soul is without what?"
Why did this occur?
If (SMURFF) did not collect water where would it go?
Why was Saurez not playing for four months?
When did Marshall's convert to the Macy's name?
What did the Alberta bitumen mines begin as?
The Times is printed solely in what format since 2004?
What types of music the Bronx famous for?
What expedition did Darwin join in 1831?
What did the TRIPS agreement accomplish?
What party did  Lithuania's Communist Party break apart from?
What types of child labour did Switzerland employ?
What did Qin administrators introduce to Shu and Ba?
What was questionable on IndyMac's underlying collateral?
What neighborhoods are in North Raleigh?
Which Supreme Court Justice was a graduate of Yale Law School and was currently undergoing the nomination process at the time of the 2009 lawsuit filed by firefighters against the city of New Haven?
What commission did Napoleon receive upon his graduation?
"In what year did the word ""insect"" appear in a document?"
When did 'War Horse' come out?
"What is quicker, a bipolar n-p-n transistor or a p-n-p transistor?"
What is a parliamentary model on which other systems have been based?
What year did the US enter World War I?
What does BYU's high rate of enrollment by LDS members result in regarding LDS cultural norms?
Through what language did bitumen pass to reach English?
What business was the Hudson's Bay Company originally involved in?
Charleston is known for what type of food?
Which major time period were these suggested hairs from?
Who designed Gaddafi's Azizia home?
Who thought the Luftwaffe could win?
"Along with John Jay, who founded the New York Manumission Society?"
What fortified position was captured by the Chinese Expeditionary Force?
What was the second phase of Cubism called?
What architecture types does Windows 8 support?
What was Griffith's tool designed to detect?
During which financial year did the Melbourne rail network record its highest volume of passenger trips?
The milieu interieur term was used by what physiologist?
How many people had Boko Haram killed by May 2014?
"Between what species do usually transduction, conjugation and transformation take place?"
The origin of what Byzantine term is disputed?
Of what material is London's National Gallery made?
When was the station renamed to it's modern name?
With out the letters of marque what wepon did  they have to protect themself that was a part of their ship?
What relationship led the Soviets to invite Gaddafi to Moscow?
In what fields has Dibben published two books and other papers?
What leader started a mass movement against British rule?
What is considered to be central to the teachings of Buddhism?
Visitors to what local valley often stop over in Plymouth?
In what year did Pope Pius IX make his Ex Cathedra proclamation of the Immaculate Conception of Mary?
"What caused Oklahoma's temperature to plummet 66 degrees on Nov 11, 1911?"
What was the Liberian flag and constitution modeled after?
To where was wootz steel exported?
What types of surburban development did Melbourne policies promote?
Who was Jacob's son?
When did the Nanking Massacre occur?
What term describes the overall US strategy in the Pacific in WWII?
"Along with vias, what makes up the components of a board?"
What kind of climate does Southampton have?
What was Paul Sheehy's job?
Why did the Grand Orient de France conclude that Freemasonry shouldn't require religious belief?
How much of Melbourne's water capacity is the Thomson River Dam capable of holding?
How are batteries typically grouped?
What other type of 1980s group was Kanye's fourth album compared to other than new wave?
Fighting continued on Leyte for how long?
What is Comcast's affiliated entity in Philadelphia?
"As of 2000, how many people lived in Taguatinga?"
With what school did Bell get his next teaching job?
ho sang a version of Queen's Somebody to Love in 2004's Ella Enchanted?
How do you free yourself of dukkha?
What was the STIF formerly known as?
"What does ""open mouth operations"" mean?"
What is the Faraday constant?
When did John Lennon return his MBE insignia?
What was rewarding for switching judiasm to christianity?
"Who designed the chapel at Keble College, Oxford?"
"Along with the British Isles, with what land did the Carolingians trade?"
How many of the six pramanas does yoga accept?
Which missionary came to the Santa Cruz River area in 1692?
"What species do aspen, cottonwood, and poplar trees belong to?"
What type of example an be found of translating poetry for singing?
"The Princess Theatre, Regent Theatre, and Forum Theatre are members of which of Melbourne's theater districts?"
"In 1981, what Libyan opposition group was founded?"
"Elevation of the breasts, development of pubic hair, and elevation of the nippes are examples of what type of changes?"
What organization known as the MBA is based in Plymouth?
Who reported that Dell was offering to sell their manufacturing plants?
From what language is North Germanic derived?
What was the critical lesson Air Staff ignored?
"What band recorded ""Keep On Loving You""?"
In what ocean is Norfolk Island found?
How much does it cost to develop a new drug?
Which ruling allowed indigenous Australians the right to vote?
How did deputies represent al-Mahdi?
What was the London hub of the British press?
What is unique about Tbilisi?
What important trade did the Ming Dynasty have with Tibet?
Which artist guested on a live version of Queen's The Show Must Go On?
What had previously kept prices stable?
Sumerians also built houses from reeds not very different from ones built by inhabitants in Iraq as recently as when?
"Who published Du ""Cubisme""?"
Which state send members to the parliament in Edinburgh?
What kind of ceiling is in the chapter house?
When did the Armenian Genocide occure?
What was the bishop of Utrecht raised to
What even occured during Bush's presidency that made him become a wartime president?
"In 1965, how many women were on the birth control pill?"
What is another name for Broad Street Station?
When did Pioneer release the LD-700?
What revolutionary group sought to overthrow the president of Sudan?
"Where did Ted Hoff, Federico Faggin, and Stanley Mazor work at?"
A 2005 survey indicated that how many communities comprised of non-indigenous people existed in London?
Who represents the 7th district?
For what purpose were Roman camps arranged?
What were common duties of younger servant students?
Who placed Girl's Tyme in Star Search?
What industry greatly impacted the downfall of Idris's government?
What did a priest do to Tito as a child when he had difficulty removing the priest's vestments?
Which physicist quoted the Quran in his address after receiving the Nobel Prize?
When did the Arabs invade Iran?
How many Somalis lived in Finland as of 2014?
Why did the Manchurian Campaign fight the Russians.
How can a member state use euro coins?
Is the environmental performance of CFLs better or worse than that of incandescents?
"Although trans fats are harmful to human health, what property do they have that makes them useful in food processing?"
What law banned books favoring Freemasonry?
What do the Lords Commissioners wear to a ceremony of assent?
How many materials are housed in the RIBA library?
"What does Bellah use the term ""civil religion' to describe?"
Which long time judge decided to leave his position at the end of the season?
What do many words feature?
What company sponsors the Thanksgiving Day parade?
What is an investigatory stop's search limited to?
How many people were killed in the largest mass execution in US history?
What tollway connects Otay Mesa with SR 54?
What were taxpayers free to do after they paid the Duke of York his local tax?
What is the name of the antimatter counterpart of electrons?
What was the most recent Papal prounouncement agasnst Freemasonry?
What corporation is the major player in London's media distribution industry?
"Which psychiatrist said that when a parent dies when the child is young, it leaves a lasting impact?"
What enacted the transactions of customs and ways of life for the people of the Asian continent and the Grecian people ?
How many students enroll to the SMC annually?
Where was 'Bridge of Spies' filmed?
How many troops did Napoleon send to begin the invasion of Portugal?
What is the reduced Planck constant also known as?
Who wrote the comedy sketch for the cast and crew?
Is the observation deck in The Rialto currently opened or closed?
When was the sequel announcement for the third arc?
In what year was the Digimon video game released?
What type of poetry had much influence in the Han dynasty?
What three countries sent their Navy to Greece?
Who creates sparks and explosions?
When did the airport open for business?
In November and December of 1940 what changed to make attacks on civilians a moot point?
What types of passenger elevators are installed in structures of up to eight floors?
How many people watched the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards?
What is the name of the architectural style originating in 1950s Miami?
In what year did Henry Cavendish recognize hydrogen gas as a discreet substance?
What is the main provision that pubs offer?
Who used only parts of Avicenna's works to support their own great spiritual insights?
Horn Cable Television and Universal TV are examples of what?
Where did the British turn a blind eye to child labour?
In what season did Everton win its fifth League title?
How long a rhythm were researchers able to sustain in the in vitro experiment?
How many days on average does NYC get sunshine annually?
Where does the Richmind-Petersburg DMA rank in the United States?
Will mainstream political parties not cooperate towards outsider parties if they are too extream?
What do the special forces support?
"Besides the Pyrenees, what area had Catalan covered by the 9th century?"
What school was a response to Brutalism?
Who were 'Ali ibn Abi Talib and 'Abdullah ibn 'Abbas?
When did a civil war over succession lead to the collapse of imperial Tibet?
What do Jehovah Witnesses accept in lieu of blood transfusions?
"If a memory that is stored in with long term-memories, how long can you possibly rememeber it?"
What are people with high quantities of Amerindian ancestry grouped as?
who released the album analogue bubblebath?
Which party did Internet Archive side with?
What is used to haul passengers cars?
What is one of the problems that currently effects property values in Detroit?
Nwankwo Kanu won in what championship league?
Howmany state parks are in North Carolina?
What passenger airport serves Melbourne?
What are spiral screws used for?
What type of sacrifice was rare in Rome?
Bushi formed new associations in what century?
What did the state economic system hope to avoid?
What did the city hall used to be known as?
What is the most common application of resonant antennas?
What caused the deaths of many school children?
What did Paul VI declare he would be seen as in 25 years?
Bermuda is located near which North Carolina town?
When did Diodorus Siculus write Bibliotheca historica?
What two key elements that distinguish literature as a written form of art?
What historical site still operates within the mall?
Napoleon's successful coup against the directory resulted in the closure of what organization?
Which was the last amateur team to compete for the Canadian football championship?
"What type of birds may be either insectivores, frugivores and nectarivores?"
Who did the Russians attack at the beginning off the Battle of Balaclava?
What was realized after Planck's discovery?
What change in flow of the sea controlled the innovative baths at West Quay?
When did Arsenal move to Arsenal Stadium in Highbury?
"What company paid for 10,000 bikes for the city's bicycle sharing program?"
What technique has becoming more popular in classification of bacteria?
What problems did AC distribution cause?
Who designed the new wing for the palace in 1847?
"If the Spanish monarch is deemed incapable of granting assent, who is the power transferred to?"
How many days on average does NYC get sunshine annually?
When was it determined that most native speakers in France are 60 or older?
What is the distinguiushing visual design feature of French cathedrals?
How are bantams different from other chickens?
How many strings did the Apache fiddle have?
What is an example of clothing that was once seen as exclusively for males?
What Guinness World Record does the film hold?
Who were Laemmle's business partners in the Yankee Film Company?
What did the Prussian and German victory mark?
What is the third largest ethnic group in Kathmandu?
How do 15% of male Tuvaluans earn their income?
What was the average family size in Atlantic City?
How fast is the new SuperSpeed bus data signaling rate?
Which climactic epoch followed the Medieval Warm Period?
What was the foreign citizen population percentage in Switzerland in 2014?
"What did Obama say the US is at war with, in 2009?"
Why was Albert the heir presumptive to the throne?
What provides an account of the science of politics for a wise ruler?
What does the acronym LEDs stand for?
"Who realized that languages like Sanskrit, Persian, and Greek share the same foundation?"
Who painted Uruguayan patriotic themes?
"Sprint, ITT, and Telenor are examples of what?"
How many members were in the National Assembly?
What did the banks chose to do with the money created by the Federal Reserve instead of financing more domestic loans and refinancing mortgages?
Where was Nigeria's second satellite launched?
When was Ravenna conquered by the Eastern Roman Empire?
What company produces American idol?
Why do males in polygynous species return before the females?
What was the fastest data transfer rate of the USB 1.0?
How many African migrants entered Israel by June 2012?
What did French law enforcement take from protesters?
When did the 5th Dalai Lama gain political control over Tibet?
What is thought that circadian rhythm evolved to protect?
What traditional culture predominates in many areas of small farms?
When did Europe abandon standard transmission?
"As of 2012, how many Jewish people lived in the New York metropolitan area?"
"Along with smooth soul and quiet storm, what genre influenced adult contemporary R&B?"
What cannot launch using a ski-jump due to their high loaded weight?
Who did the Soviets send to North Korea?
Increased size and capacity of the heart and lungs result in what changes to the body?
Of what was Sanskrit once thought to be a divider?
What fuel is used for the torch?
How many Irish people died during the Great Famine?
What type of radiation was Planck studying in the late 19th century?
Majority of Egypt people live near what river?
What was Southampton's average annual salary in January of 2007?
In what years was there intermittent war fare?
In what year did the liquor industry once again become privatized?
When did the USSR dissolve?
What AFL team did Kurt Warner play for?
"Along with León, Portugal, Aragon and Castile, what major Christian kingdom existed in Iberia around 1150?"
What said that agencies had to start using Moody's and S&P to assess financial institutions?
"In Central Europe, the Slavs intermixed with who?"
"In the southwest, how high do temperatures get?"
What are Japanese comics called?
What pub was visited by Freddie Mercury?
When did the poultry business boom in the United States ?
Canadian governor generals can give their assent in person or by which other method?
In what cases did the US Supreme Court rule that treaties do not have a privileged position over Acts of Congress?
How would you describe a predator that primarily eats plants?
"What did Shurden claim was never ideal, has often produced positive results?"
What's the name of Samoa's capital?
What is Levante UD's stadium?
What does one need to remember about  the date of February 29 in the Julian calendar?
What's a common abbreviation for the term institute of technology?
"According to the census of 1921, what percentage of citizens were Mestizo?"
Critics criticize what type of validity of the term 'intellectual property'?
What palace was the place of creation for illustrated manuscripts?
Which body can remove the Supreme Leader at any time by constitutional right?
More than how many thousand folk religious organisations were registered in Zhejiang in 2015?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1939?
Until what century was brain studying mostly anatomical?
Christians were said to be the scapegoat of who?
Who did Avicenna learn Indian arithmetic from?
Is botany a narrow science?
How many Oppidan houses are at Eaton?
What was Victoria's nickname following Alberts death?
"Which moral philosopher said ""the greatest happiness for the greatest numbers""?"
How much did she earn in 2014?
What are some locations of the air bases?
What was the most notable accomplishment of the Gurjara Pratihara Empire?
How many people of Somali ethnicity live in Somalia?
What has happened to debt external onus  in Swaziland in the past two decades?
What was home to the warlord Yan Baihu?
How many grammatical cases can nouns and adjectives be declined into in Czech?
In what city was the beer pump invented?
What is this method commonly referred to as?
What group is Mali's sole legislative party?
What was the Great Divergence?
"How many countries did her song ""Irreplaceable"" get number one status in?"
Where was the World Trade Center?
"In terms of international travel, which airport is the world's busiest?"
What did the rota system do?
Where are charity organizations registered in England and Wales?
What two dignitaries where at his first performance in London?
How can climate changes be determined from soil?
When did season four premiere?
How many people died of cholera in London in 1848?
Parties to an original treaty and an amended treaty are bound to what terms?
What has the potential to reduce the transmission bandwidth and storage requirements of audio data?
What is the process of adapting to the environment and inheriting changes through use or disuse called?
Ancient Greece is considered to be where what was born?
Why did Feynman decide to turn down an offer from the Institute of Advanced Study?
What does there medicines do for livestock?
Where was Nigeria's fourth satellite launched?
Who said Oklahoma's pre-K program is the best in the US?
Where was the location of the Shahi defeat by the Muslims?
In what year was the office for information for prisoners and refugees founded?
What is the standard amount of RAM included with almost all current Mac models?
Who was the always the Prince of Wales?
What venue drove a lot of the awareness of the music from the now pop post-punk bands?
What is Oklahoma Cities newsweekly?
What movement were dictionaries and encyclopedias trying to promote?
"""Scythia beyond the Himalayas"" is located where?"
Where are the biggest population of Puerto Ricans on the mainland?
How is most financial aid obtained at Yale?
Where was the center of the Crown of Aragon?
What do the chirigotas sing about?
When was the German Mediatisation?
How many works of a cappella in musical theater have been successful in Off-Broadway productions?
How big was the model of La Maison Cubiste?
What organization subsidizes the cost of water desalination?
Which major global reinsurance company has their headquarters east of the city center?
When was the theory of plant hormones introduced?
What is the trick of sliding in and then back out of the ring called?
What do the two standards differ in?
Who founded Harvard College?
What is Doordarshan?
Between what centuries was the akritic cycle of Greek song created?
Which abbreviation can you append to your name after becoming Lighting Certified?
When was Kösem murdered?
What is Sarva-darśana-samgraha?
Which country succesfully launched the first person into space in 1961?
How many Japanese merchant ships did Allied submarines sink during the war?
What were the highest class?
What is preserved as an example of medieval architecture?
What town did Beyonce go to school in?
What was Abdul Karim teaching Queen Victoria after his promotion?
"To be able to do fieldwork, an anthropologist must first travel to what?"
How compatible were DBX encoded recordings with prior technologies?
What was the main benefit of the creation of new forms of partnerships during the commercial revolution?
What language became dominant in Bohemia after the Czech's defeat?
"Other than Napoleon, who else found the Concordat to be of use?"
What countries did Gladstone think Burke was wise about?
What is the population of Miami?
"What can the lower lands, suffering from inversion, sometimes lack for weeks?"
What resort is in Western Tucson?
What committee did von Neumann serve on within the Atomic Energy Commission?
In what year was the most recent iPod Touch released?
What variety is the most common the the United States and the U.K.
In what decade did Arsenal dominate in English football?
How much of the planet's asphalt is located in Canada?
How long since the Sichuan area has had  a severe quake?
How much did the United States provide in military assistance?
The court cast was rather popular due to which person on the case?
What advantage did light carriers have over escort carriers?
How many public golf courses does Guam currently have?
What is the term for a zero difference between collector and emitter?
What did Whitehead ask people to reimagine in order for philosophy to make progress?
What letter represents the extinction Coefficient?
What can CD parameters be used as references for?
What was the fixed value of gold?
Which library is dedicated to a former student of the University of Kansas?
What event preceded the domination of Estonia by different European powers?
The contacts and address book for Smartzone was called what?
What festival did Kanye headline in 2011?
In what type of architecture did the Cholas excel?
What company is managing Tuvalu's tv domain?
Which city was the rebellion's capital for most of the struggle?
Where did the engineer Tommy Flowers work at during the 1930s?
When did a tribe of Slavs arrive in Central Europe?
"Who portrayed Chopin in the 1928 film, La valse de l'adieu?"
What were the calculations of this myth?
White LEDs can be made by coating what?
What are some things that can cause a homosexual person to be with the opposite sex?
What development by the Sumerians allowed them to make use of domes?
How many satellites were launched from 2009-2011?
What analogies did Feynman use to teach Carl?
What was the name of the Royal Charter?
What did Knorr commission?
What was Darwin originally studying at university?
What are the three main types of autonomy?
Who made a secret agreement to remain neutral?
How many smaller stations exist that are not government-run?
What is found when a complementary boost is used at the bass turnover point?
When was electric lighting first installed and used in the store?
During which century did Matisse work?
IASP's definition of pain includes what aspect as an essential part?
What were licenses called that allowed spirits to be served at temporary premises?
Who comprised Tom's jury?
How long were cities without electricity in June 2012?
How many free people of color lived in NC in 1860?
Who built the first horizontal retort smelter?
What is most common voltage for DC supply?
Which of  France's universities was the exception and was hospitable to the Enlightenment?
What name was given to the telephone that sort of worked?
Who invented the steam engine?
what was the name of the Rabbi of Altona?
What happened to the shawn and the wooden cornet during the Baroque period?
"Along with romantic and sexual relationships, family and work, what do soft adult contemporary songs sometimes discuss?"
Who led the Civil Rights movement?
Who is the person that established Hyderabad?
Jesus is considered to be the only what between God and humanity?
What Greek telecommunications company has become a strong investor in former Yugoslavia?
Who had swamps and forests for their cities?
What is the name of the shipping company in Hawaii that connects Guam?
Where does digestion begin?
How many parachute mines were dropped?
Can a homosexual person hide their true idenitys?
The Fund is represented by a Patron and who else?
What was the October War?
How long had Atlantic City held a monopoly on casino gambling?
How many of the Middlie Iranian tongues have remained in existence since ancient time?
In what year did the Liverpool city council reject Everton FC's new stadium proposal?
What type of cheese is the county famous for
What are some of the most common agents?
"In 2010, Marvel switched to what distributor for bookstore comic book sales?"
On what date was the first self-sustained nuclear chain reaction created artificially?
"If more bandwith is required than is available, a very high resolution source my not be able to transmitted without loss of what?"
Who gave information on the gem industries in Burma ?
What year was the deadly bubonic plague in Strasbourg?
How many counties did New York originally have?
What is a common offensive move to break a pin attack?
What was the bishop of Utrecht raised to
What is the second biggest centre for the U.N.?
Name one child from the union of Tony and Joan?
"After whose death in 1907 was the ""Bosnian"" name changed to ""Serbo-Creation""?"
What does the Air Force provide for officers of direct to non-line positions?
What is the total of school children killed?
What is the main source of interspersed repeats?
What was the functionality called that gave users the ability to save a snapshot of a site?
What company provided New Haven with the fuel cells currently in place throughout the city?
How many students were executed in January of 1977?
Which Soviet Foreign Minister lost his job because of his favorable attitude towards the west?
What odds were at stake for the attack launched by the III Corps?
What dynasty consisted of descendants of Charles Martel?
How many students attended Eton free of charge in 2014?
The soviets suspected that Nazi-Soviet conflicts would result in what?
Where was the Armenian Mosaic found in Jerusalem?
How did the 187 Airborne Regimental Combat Team prevent North Korean leaders from fleeing?
When was the Triangle created?
What time period was marked by the spreading of Islam?
The quality of a partial vacuum refers to what?
"What does the term used by Physicists, partial vacuum, refer to?"
"In addition to criticism received for employing non-Muslims, for what notable reason did some Muslims criticize the Umayyads?"
Ai-Khanoum was situated on what kind of routes?
How is the evacuation tube sealed?
When was the photoelectric effect first observed?
Who approved the improvement project for the Houston ship channel?
"Along with Buddhism, what religion has had a significant influence on Nepal?"
In what century was it believed that the UK used the word varsity to refer to a university?
What did Germany add to the 20 mm to make it more effective?
What hotel is adjacent to the Atlantic City Convention Center?
In what year did Francesco Mario Pagano publish Saggi Politici?
With what feature of environment do plants need to be in sync?
"What day of the week was September 15, 2011?"
"Where is the East end of East 3rd, 4th, 5th, and 7th Streets?"
What was the value of Apple's cash assets at the end of 2007?
What happens as the scope of economically viable applications increases?
What were computer viruses seen as a threat to?
The Block III Ranger 7 mission successfully reached the moon on what date?
What color is the logo on the 60 GB PS3?
"The Civil War had many effects after the war, what was the main effect for New Haven?"
Who is United Nations' Secretary-General?
What is the source used to exact nicotine sulfate?
What is the Omnipotence paradox?
How did the Ashkenazim view north African Sepharadim and Berber Jews?
What was the name of the federalist army officer who eventually came into power during the new election?
What was Comcast's profit margin in 2009?
Why is the Pekin duck the favored of the western world?
What Saint did Paul VI denote as mother of the Catholic church?
What is the coding called that is used with speech?
What did the highland peasants resist attempts at?
What royal symbol appears on the club's crest?
What publisher prints The Times atlas?
When was the last senate election in St. Barts?
What ingredient makes glass colorful?
How many hamaynkner does Armenia have?
Who was the area developer?
What does Telewizja Polska operate?
What percentage of the Earth's stock forest is commercial?
How many colleges make up BYU at its main campus?
Name the 3 public radio stations?
How many students are studying at the University of Plymouth?
On which date did hostilities between the German and French troops begin near Orleans?
With what victory did Napoleon dissolve the Fifth Coalition against France?
The average rainfall level of somerset
What are some bands that Wi-Fi can operate over?
In what year did Liebman announce his findings?
Which tablet had Pythagorean triplets on it?
What was the population of Tuscon in 1940?
in 1720 what % of  import goods were from India?
States can grant their people broader rights than those granted in what document?
Who makes a choice after the team that wins the coin toss has made their decision?
What are parties to a treaty forbidden to do after they have already joined a treaty?
What are some of the components of the reserve force?
What three reasons were mentioned for countries being excluded?
What even was recorded in the Guinness World Records?
How did Hadik respond to the Frederick force?
What did people in the crowd wave at the beginning of the relay?
When did the ACLU first challenge the Patriot Act?
What is the nickname given to A.C. Milan?
"Other than Florida, which other state got send error coins?"
What is the national currency of Armenia?
What is another magazine that is published in Oklahoma City?
Easy listening was predominately what type of music?
In what year did Richard Francis Burton break away from the Ethnological Society of London?
When did the Meija restoration begin?
What country is Ulcinj in?
"Along with CCI, what is the other Hindu gathering place near Richmond?"
When did Rutherford introduce the new name for the Society?
During which process are unnecessary neuronal connections in the brain eliminated?
Why would ingesting untreated cassava be a bad idea?
What would you call a beer that has not been filtered or pasteurized?
What city is home to The Crown Liquor Saloon?
What is the name of Portugal's national energy transmission company?
What was the effect of the Rotavirus vaccine?
How much money was spent on non-military intelligence in 2013?
"According to Locke, an absolute ruler is proposed by Hobbes is what?"
Which street runs from FDR Drive to Eleventh Avenue?
What does VLW stand for?
Which traders came to the archipelago for trade?
What is the largest data capacity for an iPod product?
The peace agreement was renamed what?
What did the Romans build along the mountain passes?
When Catalan reach Sardinia?
How many regiments were in the Northern Army?
What is Tucson's NBC station?
What does every component state of federation possess?
What century had comics in wide production?
What physical characteristics are common in Islamic architecture?
Why aren't some sound clusters used in modern Czech?
which crops were brought to europe from the Muslim World?
What is the name of the lifestyle magazine?
What percentage of Devon's GVA does Plymouth comprise in 2013?
To whom was a new temple dedicated on the Alban Mount?
What occurs when offspring delay dispersal from their natal group?
What is a Russian word used to describe a Jew?
In what type of climate do hunter-gatherers live?
What classes in the 16th century sneered at the pronunciation of Dutch by rural people?
Elam's writing system had paralleled Sumer's cuneiform since what era?
What Spielberg franchise was filmed in New Haven in 2008?
What is the name of the solar energy research facility in the US?
Which US presidents since the Vietnam War have studied at Yale?
How much more were her earnings that the year before?
What is the modern study of genetics at the level of DNA known as?
Through what time period did the Vietnam war last?
How much did Britain spend to buy Egypt's share of the Suez Canal?
What is it called when higher ups in government embezzle from the government's treasury?
Which are the safest places to inter an older copy of the Quran?
Where was the start point for the relay?
In what year did Louis die?
What term describes the nature of how the university is partially funded?
What other type of endings do Catalan words have?
A person's identity is defined as the totality of what?
How often is Boston's climate plan updated?
What animal unintentionally invaded the US waterways?
What president ignored Eisenhower's recommendations in regard to atomic weapons?
What was the amount of sea level change on Tuvalu estimated by the 2011 report?
How were the work oppurtunies for parents during this time period?
When was the first Queen Bluray released?
When was the Treaty of Paris signed?
Agassiz found that the Unteraar Glacier moved how much per year?
Identity achievement rarely occurs before what age?
"How did Virgil earn his nickname ""Parthenias"" or ""maiden""?"
When did Arsenal win their first Double Cup?
What city is northeast of Nanjing?
What has pain sometimes been used as an argument to allow terminally ill patients the right to do?
What is the annual precipitation in Iran's eastern plains?
On what date did Gray and Bell both put in for a patent?
What kind of stops in pinyin are written with letters that representative of voiceless consonants?
What crops does Punjab grow?
What rival group did the Anglican Puritans want purged from their area?
What did any person who wanted to hold public office need to conform to during the Republic?
Which country has been ranked highest the most number of times?
In theory how were all polish noblemen viewed?
During what war the the USAF establish a new career field for piloting UAVs and drones?
What are the two most widespread varieties of wines in Switzerland?
In what year were all Tibetan Muslims declared Indiana citizens?
Who was Aaron's wife?
What is the average income for a full time male worker?
For what reason was asphalt used in the flooring of buildings?
What book by Nick Hornby has twice been adapted for film?
What percentage of applicants did BYU accept for it's summer term and fall semester in 2013?
Why are uppercase letters preferred often times when space is restricted?
Yaroslav held what title in medieval Russia?
Why did the CTRC send out a bulletin to broadcasters?
Pasteurisation and autoclavation are examples of what kind of technique?
The members of what clan gradually replaced the Fujiwaras?
What are some of the major concerns with intensive breeding programs?
Which scientist's study theorized that the idea of Darwin's work being delayed dates to the 1940s?
Since which century have modern political processes forgone royal assent?
Who briefly replaced Russell as Prime Minister?
What part of Universal's business was terminated while it was in bankruptcy?
What are the devices called that are from an external source?
Which morality play depicted mankind's progress from birth to death?
"In 1960, what was the percentage of whites in the Seattle area?"
How is diagnosis of infectious disease almost always initiated?
In which facility is the London Symphony Orchestra based?
What is the primary method for determining the Avogadro constant?
Paganism was forbidden by what Roman Emperor?
What kinds of endemic conditions do the Human Assistance Operations entail?
Who prophesized in Luke 2:25-38?
Money transfers and wireless internet are two things that customers can now accomplish via what?
How many troops did the US send to the Philippines?
Who believed that neither side would see a victory at the end of the Korean War?
"In the southern hemisphere, what aspect of DST is about the reverse of that of the northern hemisphere?"
What insect has been studied concerning the inheritability of rhythms?
Between which latitudes to mountains tend to have permanent snow?
How many people compose the Japanese mandolin orchestras?
"When did Destiny's Child release its album ""Love Songs""?"
What was the danger of not correctly patenting products?
What are the official languages of Telangana?
The active seeking of new ideas rather than the unquestioning acceptance of adult authority is known as what stage of development?
"In 1913, the Tennessee state legislature made which organizational structure the default form of city government in the state?"
When did the Vlachs migrate into the region?
Under whom did the Secunderabad Club and the Nizam Club form?
Who was the AFL's 2013 national broadcast partner?
What theory claims that popular belief was based on fiction?
How many awards did Beyoncé win at the 46th Grammy's Awards?
When did the festivities acquire their violent tendencies?
What is the name of the oldest a cappella group at Washington University?
"When did the ""Centennial Light"" begin burning?"
What renowned publishing company partners with Schwarzenegger in Fitness Publications?
Who accounts for eighty-seven percent of the sale of duck stamps?
Who was appointed as Queen Victoria's literary executor upon her death?
What part of Switzerland has a particularly high number of fine-dining establishments?
The narrowing of the emission spectrum in Quantum Dot LEDs allows them to do what?
What did David Randall say about the Sun's AIDS story?
What percentage of soil contained T. canis eggs in Great Britain public parks?
"What radio station introduced the term ""soft rock""?"
Which body system are a person's lungs a major proponent of?
What did Professor Grimm's last email accuse Imperial College of before his death?
What god was the father of Romulus and Remus?
What was the median age for viewers for season one?
What things are important to the economy of Richmond?
Safavid Iran peaked during whose reign?
At what point could Athanasius return to Alexandria?
When was ile aux Cygnes created?
How many kilometers long is the track in Byrd Park?
What political leaning does Mexico City take?
What was the rhyme dictionary called that was published by Kangxi?
"What 1990s comic line featured futuristic, sci-fi stories?"
What political party was Morse in?
Who was charged with brining to trial large numbers of Nazi collaborators?
What is the shape of Southside Speedway?
How does the cost of attending BYU compare to the cost of attending similar universities?
Who was assassinated on 1 March 2009?
"In 2006, what prompted the women's soccer team coach, Jenny Haigh,  to resign?"
What was William James' nationality?
Beyonce has the same number of writing credits on number one singles as whom?
Which company provides the ability to connect to iPods as a standard feature in their automobiles?
Who tried to establish a rival foothold at Bolama?
What is distinct from the self?
Authors Bronkhorst and Anderson claim the four truths bacame a substitution for what?
Who is responsible for policing Southampton?
How many members are on the ad hoc panel that allows project exemptions for cases where a species may harmed?
What is the second largest library in the US?
What is the Organisation for African Unity now known as?
What is breathy voice?
What was the name of the group that started Yale's library?
Who recently researched the original observation of Neptune?
What was the population of New Haven according to the 2010 Census?
What was Pelayos' plan?
What is Madonna's real name?
Authors Bronkhorst and Anderson claim the four truths bacame a substitution for what?
Which district surrounds Columbia University?
What is an example of a gymnosperm?
What results came from von Neumann's deep analysis of the measurement problem?
How many Technische Universitäten make up the TU9 German Institutes of Technology?
How much of a non-vascular plant is involved in photosynthesis?
Who was the first woman to hold a belt that wasn't exclusive to women?
When did the The Neolithic 2 (PPNB) era start?
What was included in the reform?
From whom did Chopin receive his first big endorsement?
What job do many Armenian women traditionally do?
What is Jesse Prinz's profession?
On what date did the Coalition forces arrive near Paris?
The focus on learning in the 12th century is referred to as what?
How many of Chiang Kai-Shek's troops were controlled by warlords?
How high did ''Deja Vu'' climb on the Billboard chart?
How are charity or service NPOs usually organized?
Consumer sales of MCA films began in 1978 with what movie?
Who did John explore an alliance with?
When did Destiny's Child release Love Songs?
Where are cases usually argued?
Who won the the Rugby Canada Super League championship in 2005?
What was the Historians' critical response to this view?
What are the three most used Anatolian and central asian instruments in Ottoman Classical music?
When did John leave for Poitou?
In which year did Detroit celebrate it's 300th anniversary?
In what language is the Qur'an written?
What was a typical recording time of a song in 1948?
When was the theory of plant hormones introduced?
What month did Bell go to Boston?
Who's liberal political ideas influenced the Whigs?
Are demand side solar technologies generally active or passive?
Who spoke against Victoria at Trafalgar Square?
Neurogenesis is the process of what?
How long was Sanskrit a language of culture?
What is included at the end of Glory?
How many times has KU won the national debate championship?
How many gas mask were issued before the war?
When was control passed to the Mamluk sultans of Egypt?
In what cardinal direction is Crownhill Fort located outside the city?
What sector provides about a quarter of Southampton's available jobs?
"Who began spring training in Hot Springs, Arkansas in 1886?"
What changes did Microsoft make to its certification requirements in March 2013?
What are common applications of HEMT?
What year did season nine of American Idol first air?
What is the lowest point in Detroit along side?
Formal legislation cannot be regulated when officials are what?
Where was the dispersal attempt made?
How long did Fox reign in the 18-49 demographics in the Nielsen ratings?
What science university did Saudi Arabia establish?
What is the land are of the City of Houston?
Who was Frédéric's trusted adviser while in Paris?
Who invaded Portugal in 1808?
During what span was there a famine in the Soviet Union?
How many symbols does each gene have?
"Before landing at Alexandria, Napoleon succeeded in evading what military entity?"
What is Iran's highest mountain?
What format did adult comics begin to be published in?
What had somewhat became an international style by the early 21st century?
What year did the Rugby Football Union form?
What is another name for a one hour draw?
"What was attributed to Paul VI and officially approved on May 9, 2014?"
When did Chopin's relationship with Sand start to deteriorate?
Which year did PETA spark controversy with Beyonce?
What is the name of the typeface family created for GE in 2014?
"What are spices, peppers and chilis used in?"
What did the nobles lose by being denounced?
What invention led to advances in mathematics?
What was the major hit from Queen's 1976 album?
What occurs during the custom of umchwaso in Swaziland?
Why was the US not able to provide an adequate response to the Korean invasion?
Are any of the structures that were built at that time still around?
How many people does the de Jong Concert Hall seat?
What type of impulses did Burke think could gain power through commoners' passions?
Most computer monitors operate in what mode?
What other training do the US Air force Personnel get during BMT?
On what date is the Presentation of Christ in the Temple celebrated by Anglicans?
Which British Prime Minister recognized the Dominions' contributions in 1917?
"New Haven is also known for a very notable architecture institution, it's name?"
What Macedonian ruler helped to advance Greek beliefs and ways of life ?
Why did the Dutch reject Britain's offer to join the alliance?
What government was not recognized by the U.S. Army Military Government in Korea?
When did season nine premiere?
Where is Oxford University?
Which lodge that met in the mid 1720s was composed of English Jacobite exiles?
What publication does Ken Tucker work for?
What was Kerry's mother's religion?
What did Templeton argue is necessary to impose a threshold on for a population to be a subspecies?
What gun are FBI special agents issued?
Springtails are also known as what?
What did the Oxford Calculators measure?
What was liberia's score on the 2010 Corruption Perceptions index?
What is the theory about leap year called?
"How many electrical conductors, or plates, do all capacitors contain at a minimum?"
Where can you find fanzines sold on Everton match days?
"What are the African countries of Benin, Burkina Faso, Chad, and Mali referred to as in the cotton industry?"
"Who was defeated near Seoul, Korea?"
What organization owns Pier II in Piraeus?
What is the commissioner not allowed to vote on?
From what year was Greece's levels of GDP growth above the Eurozone average?
How do Asian countries feel about the European attitude towards Burma ?
Who named the city Boston?
Who did an Ottoman sultan order to translate work by Ptolemy?
At the end of 2014 what entity would handle the the transaction services for BSE-Mumbai?
What type predatory lending method did Countrywide Financial use?
What service runs between South Lake Union and Westlake Center?
City University London is related to what specialized business school?
What was so important to English mystics?
What is the name of the spy and hero in Ian Fleming's books?
What does the Battery Charging Specification do?
The State of Israel is divided into how many administrative districts?
What was the main reason the Luftwaffe was not able to cause extensive damage with their missions?
What material was used to make Somali cities?
What superphylum are vertebrates in?
What did Apple begin offering as standard features meant for playing DVD's?
What does the acronym PATH stand for?
What is the average maximum temperature in Brasilia in September?
What is the historic water-front neighborhood located in the southern area of New Haven?
What was lost in Prussia's history during the Plague?
When was Hojo Shigetoki born?
What did the National Revolutionary Movement's name become?
Non-traditional PCBs include microwave PCBs and what other type of board?
From 1804-1910 was called what era?
What do respiratory organisms use as electron donors?
For which masterpiece did Cesare Beccaria become famous?
How is the United States treating incandescent light bulbs?
What is an example knowledge being derived from intuition?
To what stadium did Arsenal FC move in 2006?
What is the liturgical language of Islam?
What did some churches disapprove of?
Who wrote the Communist Manifesto?
What board member resigned in November 2010?
Who also established this retinue as well?
"As of 2011, how many members were in The Renewed Presbyterian Church in Brazil?"
What state is achieved through knowledge?
What have a characteristic shape?
What is the name of the Spectre assassin who tracks Bond?
What excuse did Napoleon use to avoid being assigned to an infantry command?
What brothers have had significant classical training?
Most television sets sold since what year have an ATSC tuner?
What road is CCI near?
What precipitated the Persian Gulf War?
What was the name of the winning unit in the 2010 elections in Burma ?
What shape sounds holes do these styles of mandolins have?
"If identity is a virtual site, what do boundaries supply to the virtual site?"
In sign languages what are not represented as instances of speech sounds?
What is the name of the private cemetery in Plymouth?
Where was an experimental 6kV DC railway built?
About how many pupils took the bullying survey?
When was fiber-optics first patented?
With what school did Bell get his next teaching job?
Which element has a enthalpy of combustion at −286 kJ/mol?
What is another name for an Ottoman miniature?
Where was the destination of Kaleva?
In what year did the revenue of food and entertainment eclipse the output of industry?
What developed along with the music developments of post-punk?
"According to a survey by the Kaiser Family Foundation, what percentage of parents want schools to discuss contraception with their children?"
Who is depicted in Saint Catherine's Monastery on a mosaic landscape background?
What creatures did Bard experiment on?
What caused a setback in naive set theory at the beginning of 20th century?
Which English monarch knighted Popper?
How much are total losses estimated to be from falling home prices?
When was the Israel-Jordan Treaty of Peace signed?
"What is the phenomenon that shows that the French have less heart disease, even though they eat more animal fat?"
How much bigger is Mexico City's GDP's than Costa Rica's?
Where can the future of projectile based weapons possibly be found?
Whose property does the body of any wild animal killed or wounded become?
When was JFK shot?
What is in position to gain control over the rule of law in Thailand?
Which class became a new military elite?
What secondary school did Nasser attend?
What are the fringes Orthodox men wear called?
What did the British get a license to build?
False charges can be brought against a journalist who writes about what?
What is one popular wrestling film?
How many record has Carrie Underwood sold since winning American Idol?
How are the relationships within the group determined?
What did Bell rework to send music?
What video game console uses infrared LEDs?
When did John retake Rochester Castle?
When were the timber export sanctions lifted for Liberia?
What document was changed to cause a change in government?
On which date was the Battle of Gravelotte?
How many users were paid for in 2004?
On what date was Little Boy detonated?
How many New Yorkers are of Polish ancestry?
What problems did the elections face?
"Who published Du ""Cubisme""?"
What was Metrolite and Sav-o-flex materials primarily used for?
What team did Jeff Foley play for?
"What term do Italians use for DST that literally translates as ""legal time""?"
Are minority leaders usually experienced?
What does the OA policy cover ?
Who did Rousseau stay with when visiting Britain?
Where is the National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum?
On what date did the Olympic Flame get lit?
What is the term for a pub that brews and sells its own beer?
Who did Northwestern merge with in 1873?
In what ways can the gender of God be viewed?
What is the name of the French equivalent of GRECO?
What modern building material did Viollet-le-Duc teach reform Gothic designers to work with?
Beyonce has a fan base that is referred to as what?
What are the causes of secretory diarrhea?
When did Chopin last appear in public?
Whose name is on the gate-house fronting School Yard?
What nationality was Remedios Varas?
"Who starred in the TV show segment ""Eyes"""
How did Bush try to make light of himself after being made fun of for his demeanor during the first debate?
"Which English term is derived from the same root as the Greek, Arabic and Hebrew words for canon?"
What was the typical weekly pay of a worker in 1925?
What did the Congo's name become under Ngouabi?
Why is zinc oxide useful in photocopying products?
"As Chairman of the RCC, list the first two things that Gaddafi accomplished."
What famous French leader had established the Polish state at this time?
What agreement did the Belavezha Accords supersede?
What was Yeltsin doing on the tank?
In what century did Darwin write?
In what state is the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute?
What is Neptune's temperature in the thermosphere?
What is lountza?
How many days did the plane travel with the Torch team?
When did America establish the Environmental Protection Agency?
What became the dominant form of business organization?
The region where cotton plantations were developed was known as what?
"Along with MV Bretagne and MV Pont-Aven, what ferry operates between Plymouth and the continent?"
How many ancient canons exist in the Western Church?
What style of dress did Arab troops wear under Marwan II?
What does ASEAN mean?
Who starred in 'Empire of the Sun'?
What nation did Giovanni da Verrazzano serve?
What two notable guests were present during his premiere performance at Stafford House?
What was the first university to offer courses in liberal arts?
What countries agreed to a tripartisan agreement?
How many people can Nanjing Olympic Sports Center's gymnasium hold?
Which decade did massive job losses happen in NYC due to industrial issues?
What could be sued for under civil or criminal law?
Where was the Ferranti Mark 1 sent to after it was developed?
How much was casino revenue in 2006?
"Besides online gaming and media distribution, what other feature made the 360 influential, according to TechRadar?"
What does HP stand for?
How many numbers can a byte represent?
"What genre of movie did Beyonce star in with Cuba Gooding, Jr?"
Which group eats their acquired food in a day or two?
What ailment did Harper Lee's mother suffer from?
Which type of people might have migrated from Taiwan into Southeast Asia?
Classical music can mean all Western art music or more specifically from the 1750's to when?
How does Whitehead describe the process of a typical person noticing a chair?
What amendment to the Constitution did Penry v. Lynaugh address?
What type of estates did Hellenistic monarchs run their kingdoms?
What guidelines for the Royal Institute are updated most often?
How many Special Operations Aviation Squadron are based at Petawawa?
Which song made a strong impression on Madonna?
Since when have Portuguese universities existed?
How are stray earth currents kept to a manageable levels?
How many chapels are on the Notre Dame campus?
What country is used as an example for limited forms of communications?
"Besides economic troubles, what else could push a people into foraging?"
What did the group advised based on the information's results ?
"who transformed happy mondays' ""wrote for luck"" into a dance hit?"
What year did Mildred Burke retire?
Cases of totally drug-resistant TB have been found in what country in addition to Italy and India?
Which film did Madonna starred in that was directed by Ritchie?
"Taken together, they account for what percentage of the total Russian Y chromosomal pool?"
What countries established new orders?
How many alcohol involved hospital admissions were there in 2006/7?
In what decade did people in New Jersey stop speaking Jersey Dutch?
What South American country did Portugal discover?
"When she was betrothed to Joseph, approximately how old was Mary?"
What were the last days of the Qing dynasty marked by?
How can electric power plant become more power efficient?
Who was soon allied with Caesar's adopted son following his death?
What nationality was de Beauvoir?
The Auxiliary Fire Service had how many members in July of 1939?
What are some of the minor sports in the United Kingdom?
Structure of whom characterize England's second phase of neoclassical?
What was canceled for this year of Idol?
Tok Pisin might be regarded as a dialect of what language?
How many New Haven locals were cast as extras throughout filming of the Crystal Skull?
What is the name of the Parish located in the City of Hamilton?
What are some other names the Dutch Republic is known by?
Who was the chief financial correspondent of The New York Times in March 2009?
What plan was also administered by the ECA?
Who refused to hear any contradictory views about Mary and her perceived inception ?
What American is considered to have been a seminal influence in the charismatic movement?
What is it called when an animal is altered to prevent procreation?
What did Mary's child avoid according to the leader of the separation ?
What were the architectural phenomenologists hoping to expand?
What is the Chinese name for a seismometer?
Beyonce with Jay Z gave lots of money to bail who out of prison?
what are the only two oxidation states known for zinc?
What was Namibia previously called?
A progam inside the ROM of a PC is called what?
"In the morality play, who summoned Everyman?"
What political office did people speculate Schwarzenegger might try for in 2010?
In what time period was the Siddhanta Shiromani written?
What were revised between 1951 and 1955?
Does IRENE require the  ability to touch the media?
With what type of facade were buildings left with if they were to completed at a later time?
"How does the U.S. census define ""black"" Americans?"
Which former Miss America graduated from BYU?
What company was purchased by MGM in 1981?
"In opposition to conservatives, what group has Hayek's work influenced?"
What is one way that videocalling can be used?
What can take advantage of these elements to add more gain?
What is the acronym for Eritrean People's Liberation Front?
How much did the Governor of Georgia budget per year to provide every child with a CD of classical music?
"What classification of chemicals do dopamine, serotonin and noradrenaline belong to?"
What Detroit gallery opened in 2010?
On what planet can you find  protonated molecular hydrogen?
What cannot be generally deduced from the outside?
What is the special protocol during a USB 2.0 device reset called?
What is the name of the yearly statement released by the MoD?
What does VWN stand for?
What is human phycology?
In what year was the decision reversing the closure of the government mint implemented?
Where was the Treaty of Paris signed?
On what date was Fred Adams hanged?
Who are the leaders of each house given the responsibility of informing their group of the governor-generals actions?
What did the new government nationalize along with land?
What producer was involved in the founding of United World Pictures?
What cyclone badly damaged Funafuti?
How many swift boats did Kerry command?
In what film did Spielberg cover the slave trade?
"Not only are most residents of the island members of the Anglican communion, but what else?"
What is the most well represented ward in Cork?
What was the mortgage delinquency rate in 2008
When was L'Écho des savanes begun?
What kind of printing press helped increase the circulation and influence of The Times back in 1817?
On what date in 2013 was it 15.4 degrees Fahrenheit in Kathmandu?
Where do bad and weak assets get moved in times of soverign debt crisis?
What directive in 2001 let European Union countries to enact laws that allowed making copies for personal use?
Where was wrestling later showcased in North America?
"In classical physics, an inertial reference frame is one in which an object without force does what?"
What was the population in London in 2014?
Who wrote De Re Aedificatoria?
What is gynephilia used to describe?
Which insect displays a rudimentary sense of numbers?
How many aircraft did Britain produce in 1940?
How many nations do the twenty-five foreign banks represent?
Who did John Rut write a letter to in 1527?
In 1914 what was the name of the film company that was founded?
Which Iranian scientist discovered HbA1c to further treatment and research of diabetes?
What did Charles Darwin do to address Mivart's arguments?
How is data accessed?
