@SherilynMoon unfortunate then that I have no signal to tweet photos from my phone whilst in Wales 
just dropped off the car to get the brakes looked at. i hope this doesn't cost me insane amounts of money 
Colin Kelly on Clyde1 Should get One Republic or Neyo on for me Im off school unwell  
"just a little upset i had a chance to take 4 or 5 really cool pictures, but the camera on my new phone is a little on the crappy side.    "
"Batheaston Bypass flowing better now, but London Road is still a bit slow "
Hoping there isn't anything major wrong with my car! 
he made the good morning call today.  even tho he knew i couldn't accept the charges.  just to hear me for a moment. i miss him so much 
"@orpheous87 It does! I'm sick to the back teeth of soup, which is all I've been eating recently...I hate having to eat to take medication "
"I miss my nice, long tresses. "
gotta call the hospital today... to have surgery or not to have surgery 
"@jelford *? and btw i haz skpye now, we can talkz lots now....=S though my  webcam doesnt seem to want to work "
@ukwiddy its not the same  i mean abroad.english hols never came anywhere near 2my hol abroad.now ive ad a taste i want more.love flyin 2
My last day in nyc. 
"Some days are sent to really try us, today is one of those days "
@sbrichar tornado? I didnt know that.. 
I was so close to chanting &quot;sucky fuck&quot; at the asian counter woman in Sommerfield. No wonder they hate me so much 
sooo stoked on google latitude. Only friends are missing 
No beach 
"Enjoy today's weather as much as you can boys, BBC news said torrential thunderstorms are predicted for tomorrow  @marklee76 @skog83 soz!"
getting my eyebrows attackedd with hot wax and little paper towels today!! ouchy boo 
@julieb1975 You are not a shit!  Happens to the best of us on occasion.  
"@OfficialTAZ, taz i miss you in the wwe "
@_sars_ i'm still here n i 'll probably be working through the night 
I wanna play again Kingdom Hearts I...  I don't find it!
"is excited... Today I am having a car inspected by Walt (on 10th St) step 1 in purchasing the vehicle.  Step 2, price negotiations... "
@DayNese r u up? I'm hungry 
@Randy_Gage  I'm dragging that I missed the last tele-seminar 
Really I am here 2 @tanondemand Having so much fun with my sister and brother in law in Florida! Home tomorrow and back to reality...  lol
on lunch break. eating baked beans but the fried egg is missing.  gym tonight. i think i'm already addicted. haha.
"Tried to find some new tops for work at lunch time, no luck! "
I hate building out Windows developer environments. It's like two entire days down the drain. 
headache 
I dream bout zombies wayyy too much 
I hate running late... tht means no break 
"This morning, put on white jeans. 10 mins later- managed to spill orange juice ALL over them... "
Electricity off this morning. Weird but got to sleep in. Back on again. Now I have to get ready and get going.  - http://bkite.com/08T0u
working   Ready for my game tonight!
"winaaa, i'm gonna miss you friend "
"my voice is fucked up today, aahhh - this ain't funny  I can't sing...."
Morning! Feeling like I might be coming down with something  Think I'll make some soup later.
just failed an over the phone interview LOL 
@doctorfollowill Morning master!! lol Tomoz you'll wake up n have lost something~your 20s! Have a blast 2day (I will loose mine soon too) 
turned off txt notifications as its slowing my phone   will turn on after work/during play time
"@WilliamdeGraaf In fact, it was a rental. i didn't know. They just plugged off the DS4700 "
"@ulrike_reinhard okay, thanks "
Buffy's dead 
"is it rlly summer? Its raining like crazy, barely ne sun, and nice weather rlly needs 2 come  http://twitpic.com/8d750"
"Ouch! That's some bad back, Rupert  Confined to the sofa, flat on my back the last two days...damned swimming..."
Is in labs finishing off an experiment very slowly. I'm need sleep. Severe lack of it this week  econd last day of work tonight as well !
"The first tweet of kev_watch!  Kev, unfortunately, will not be coming to beach day "
woke up this morning with a bad headache 
"@best_mistake Naw, you don't fail. If anything that's a good thing. Better to break down then keep everything bottled up like I do "
@heyyitskate cause i go to a chinese school? lol. idk. maybe they just want to waste time. lol. i mean we like go home at 5:15pm 
All-time record high temp for the month of June in Houston on Wed...104Â°!  More dangerous heat through the weekend 
i really really need to start working actually  â™« http://blip.fm/~8uoky
Wisdom teeefie  be back later with my mouth blown up like a chipmunk! Yay :|
Someone please keep me posted on the accident. Sounds major.  
I feel horrible. I wish whatever this is would go away. Time to crawl on my couch with the coke and crackers 
now have no-one to go to Europe with in August  Anyone want to go around Europe in August?
i'm a bit tired and have a little headache.  hope it will disappear soon.
"Sad today - my inlaws dog died  only found out she was ill last week, thought she had a few months yet...  RIP ellie x"
Got some weird skin thing on my finger. Had it on my hand a year ago. It's sore  fungal? Ouchie
@chriskottom That file is good. 
"thanks @depression_dog for ruining my day, again "
its a new day.. going to work with this really bad headache  oh well..
"Ouch! That's some bad back, Rupert  Confined to the sofa, flat on my back the last two days...damned swimming... #fb"
I suck at screaming. 
Dad beats his son brain dead. How freaking sad:  http://bit.ly/Ltp6Q  My prayers are with his family 
wonders what delights Dames Lou &amp; Kate are sampling at Cafe Marmalade! Shame I've already eaten 
I am too time poor at the moment.  I really want to be reading this:http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v459/n7250/ but I have to work 
dont want to go to work  major writing session tonight on the guitar me thinks! Cant wait for tour in 4 weeks going to be sweeeeet
"bout to head to the hostess house... Everything in my house is packed... Movin to granite city, IL in 4 days "
@Airport_Dieppe grrr!!  I should of gone out last night when the clouds gave way! (
#fixincorrecttweet sorry 
@bellaclara Not Friday then  x
"@SteveHealy oh dear, poor you  hope you feel better soon"
Super rough morning... In so many ways. Couldn't get out of bed today. Running late. 
at work on the lunch break...5 hours still 2 go before I get 2 play in the sun 
@Ciupercutza eh  daaa... sure... thanks....
@smurph but I dont know where my hat is  woe
@interesting no it's not fascinating... all tickets sold out in a mili-second. 
"@nicelachevanya yes! i thought so, too!  they don't sell any VIP tickets!  and yeah, too bad u can't be here! it sucks!"
@EL3G we're in the same band  we get along amazingly. we had dinner together tonight. it was great. bugger!
"i just woke up and had two bags of crisps, BAD CARINA "
ugh. . its 6 a.m. and I cant go back to sleep. I had the worst nightmare. . 
took 1 sleeping pill last night at 815pm. Fast asleep by 9. Didn't wake till 11am. got to work for 12. Not feeling good at all. 
"why you stupid idiot... why force injung to break up with yonggi?!  MEANIE!!! (ok, this is korean drama..)"
@liareilly I'M SORRY!!! bootsie made me clean my room and then i had to pack and i was gonna call you but i took a shower and fell asleep 
@LaraPlathe Totally bummed I'm going to miss it. 
up bright and early.. Getting coffe from lisa... Free coffee = so happy lol. Study study study timeee   Then packing&amp; italy tonighttt 
At School; In English; Writing My English Poems 
digsby ate my tweets 
My right eye hurts. 
sadly not going to get enough people on her plane to enter the competition unless she gains 8 Welly friends in the next 8 hours.No fair 
woke up today feeling tired...but fat boy slim yesterday was awesome! now getting ready to go to class 
 this sucks....never ever ever felt like this!
"@jonchiz I messed up this term, and I decided that I would have class until 5 and my student org at 6.  "
Lack of sleep catching up with me.  I thought I would be alright up till lunch. 
"Yup, the hints yesterday were correct. I'm now officially sick "
"@darkcartman: Yes, they're terrible! @jonnyyyyy88: I hope so..it has been almost 24 hours and they hurt very bad! "
I hope the weather is nice like it's supposed to be  so pissed if it isn't
I'm soooooo sleepyyyy  I can't wait till friday ughhh
@meredithanne42 Ok...just saw the terrible taste tweet.  
still honestly feels really sad about all the &quot;Jon &amp; Kate Plus 8&quot; drama...it's been one of my favorite shows 
"@ayumi_rollan He was at work that time. Then, he never came.  he arrived so late na. :| then he said, He thought i was just kidding. :|"
Last day of school - hard to believe!!  So happy not to have to make school lunches!  Sad that I won't be at home as much 
I'm sitting at services waiting for colleagues who are runnin 2 hrs late! What fun 
"gmail currently blocked through my ISP @ home. If you need to reach me, try DM through social networks, my work email, or my phone. "
Up early &amp; my tummy aches. No run for me  wish I had someone to rub my belly
@xolindseywarren sale was ok. wasn't too interested with a lot of things bec the ones i wanted were still mahal 
I don't know how I made it to work on time. 3 hours of sleep. Working 6 hours 
"tried to get ticket to Interesting 09 got the tickets, paypal failed, clicked back to try again, sold out, cried. "
its feels like a friday because ...(wait for it)...i'm on holiday for a week. so you'll have to get your twit fix elsewhere for a week 
@mina_version indeed! i'll be burnt soon 
I apparently can't sleep past 6 anymore.... 
At a mall and we didn't know how we get back 
"Hayfever is not good, but it will get alot worse if I have to go out to a grass fire  shame sharapova is out of Wimbledon !"
@WetBankGuy usually it's not this bad...and it wouldn't have been bad at all if i could have logged into my pc 
need some rest after crying too long..  nytx guyz.!
I wanna move to L.A. 
I haven't slept yet I'm so focking tired! And I'm going to &quot;try&quot; to stay up and go to brf early - drinking coffee cuz my espressos gone 
@BTToronto Nope - have a BB Pearl 8100 and can't upgrade til 2010. Just stills for me 
@mmm_gash ...nothing back!  lol
watching the tennis - Sam Stosur is not playing too well today. 
"@GUNNAROptiks1 Of course you're there the year I don't go.  And your link isn't working, here's a functional one: http://is.gd/1d2lD"
i'm too small to give blood at today's work blood drive 
@ayumi_rollan i don't know.  i can't go tomorrow since you're watching Sibol right? 
"@Giraffe_Rawr  Yes! How do you like that now, huh? â€¦ Maybe?"
@rachy_babes @_amberlovely @poynterlubz I am so unbeliveably jealous of you all. I want to goooo 
WTF!?! do you see the results from that last quiz!! this is a joke!! nick fazio was calculating the scores!! i swear i'm not 100% evil 
Very dissapointed at the lack of decent iPhone Apps on the South African iTunes Store  Found a way to create a US account 
@bunkerb My favorite is NOZZEL   ... but sold out 
"@cozmosis aww but it's so sad, I can now see why you can't get in "
its only 8:45 and iv already ran outta things to do at work..ughh this is going to be a long dayyy 
"@evalasvegas Yeah, it wasn't as good as I thought, kind of depressing "
I have really sore feet today. 
omfg time. is going by. SO QUICK. please stop. 
so tired !  so confused ! 
@simplycharis @veggiebun Moov doesn't allow overseas access 
"Flash coming to most Smartphones, iPhone and Blackberry still not compatible...it's copy/paste all over again  - http://tinyurl.com/kkcpfa"
off to work! no boobies for me last night 
@lisa_s_also my dog got cancer right after my mother did- it's actually very common. Still sucks 
@ynnabaybeh I will lose 600 tomorrow.  )
I am tired and i want to meet Demi Lovato but i am french 
I'm having a bad hair day 
"@ACurtis802 @nicholaseaton This will sadden you both to kn9ow, but it is Gibson that's missing. Not the other, stupid one "
@the_real_amy wich pic? 
"ah, just bought a whole bunch of goodies... i am more than ready to start this... now i just have to wait for the package to arrive "
my keyboard is all sticky from the spilt Morphine 
@jeffreymyers that's a sad story. 
@kinshuksunil sad   what was the attack on :O
is so busy she can't keep up 
I hate this. 
well good morning everyone. 
theres nothing on tv... 
"@Grellou Yes, I meant this drama. It's too much in the spotlight. And I also miss those three. Very, very much. "
@TomFelton so will i  TEAM DRACO !!!! whoooh.
Ouh man... I'm ill.. Just feeling so bad with a damn cold  || Listening to Diva by Beyonce... NaNaNa  Diva is a female version of a hustla
"http://bit.ly/oaies Eww, all the comments for that video piss me off. "
Some Black folks have a great way of disappointing the other Black folks around them  http://myloc.me/5A2p
"omg, math exam tomorrow :O &amp; i'm soooo tired "
"@ACurtis802 @nicholaseaton This will sadden you both to know, but it is Gibson that's missing. Not the other, stupid one "
"Getting a little tired of the endless tests, meds &amp; appts 2 find out why I've been suffering from vertigo for the past 3 weeks "
@missy_jade wheres my messages?? i thought we were bff's??!! 
Grill in the oven is almost as good as on a grill. But I have no yard to grill in 
Crap. I think I spent too long in the cold. Ear is not feeling so great. Will not be happy if it gets another infection. 
Oh no. Hot room + rain = skylight dilemma  #firstworldproblems
cleaning the house  blahhh
wishes hoes werent invited to our damn family vacation!!!...uhhh...i need a blackberry... 
"@PirateEric I am really trying to get to one of those, but they keep being on weekends I have other things scheduled  (or too far)"
@clairabellejp nope. We hope one day there may be but not yet. 
@BeautyBlogger Wish my blog qualified.  Not 3 months old yet 
@shaundiviney aw babe i wanna join. i am soo devo right now. come save me?!  xox
@ARScherz What did he do... I love cocker spaniels. DBF says I can't have one because they're too stupid 
"@gracedent did you read the extract at the weekend? &quot;I wanted to kiss someone but i didn't. Oh, I feel a bit funny. Oh, the year's over.&quot; "
"One of the downsides of this business, is mailing small jobs at the PO. Large ones get picked up. It's my PA's day off, so I must go out "
I really don't want to go to work 
"I don't wanna go to school tomorrow!  At least, it's half dayy!"
"Clothes are hurting my skin, think work would object tho if I decided to do without them "
God's own country &amp; Devil's own politicians; time for a 'Keralathinu oru charamageetham' (Requiem for Kerala)  http://tr.im/pI8B #Kerala
badly need to buy Avamys for my rhinitis. It's killing me 
"My last day of clinic at boynton beach imaging, sooooo sad, the people here are the best...next stop belle glade...ugh "
Torn up about friend who disabled facebook acct. He was always there. I miss him. 
says I'm so ready to go home now.  http://plurk.com/p/13vbdf
Omygoodness!! I'm so full! I have to call my trainer 
"eating alone, everyone have plans "
is more arachnophobic than previously thought 
@therealpnut Same here! I hope I can when I get back home but probably not. 
can't wait til 3:00 because we're going to Nashville for a long weekend! But not looking forward to the 4 hour drive 
Why do we have to pay Â£3.40 *on top of* our monthly subscription to watch movies online at Lovefilm? What a waste of time! 
"@katyperry katy, i am from milan and I wanted to see you!!  hope to see you another time!"
my back hurts 
it's soo boring..  and i'm hungry..
Off to work 
(and I got crazy perverted sex !) today I'm going shoeshopping with @shawnaelizabeth a gorgeous American femme who's leaving Paris soon 
"@abbylatip nyaww. Abby I miss you too! When you're back, I'm going to be in California already "
Hey @kiddshow ahhhh the webcam won't load for me this morning   (kiddlive live &gt; http://ustre.am/2FUW)
@GavinHolt i no thats not true cos u only stay in the next town! lol I was sooo lookin forward 2 a bit of sunshine 2day 
"@ZuvitaHanifa I don't know haha, it's boring  do you have a myspace? www.myspace.com/emalvsptwntz nice to meet you too (:"
@orphan_annie had a great holiday! shame it's over though  how's the writing?
@HerrCykelpump oh jesper...  they smell though!
"Ran out of rich tea biscuits... what do I eat now? NOTHING, THAT IS THE ANSWER. My cupboards are bare "
about to go to verizon to shell out money i don't have on a new phone 
nothing new about the our project for the moment  No free time left right now | will be back shortly
@channilein Set your account to public  I wanna see
@tommyatherton That sucks  Hopefully it'll do the trick. Got my fingers crossed for you.
getting ready for work 
"I'm alone, home by myself  I want to to somethiiiing!"
could go for a packet of Malteasers right about now.. Stupid Facebook ad 
@ChicagoSoul82 we don't get free tickets or food 
"I went in there and he grabbed onto me saying...&quot;I WANNA GO TO THE MMMM, MMM BED!!!&quot; (our bed)  I had to hold him till he fell asleep."
Got stupid report back and failed maths  but passed everything else got my first C in Geography go me 
Bad sleep again    lacrosse in an hour!
it's job hunting time 
I want to be sat outside in the sun 
it feels unnatural to be up this early during summer 
"Annoyed. Cant send drum kit to red octane either, as their limited options dont look to cover the area mine is broke in. More HMV stores "
"omg, math exam tomorrow :O &amp; i'm soooo tired  ....btw - new photos on myspace!"
@Leenygma I call for a week off twitter. It's killing the web 
woke up after about 3 hours and can't seem to get back to sleep 
got my Dreamer cd but gonna have to wait till i finish work until i can listen to it 
I'm not getting any dates 
in work. chief subbing tonight. got a clipboard and everything...u forgotten me today!!  x
"Learning the song Unwritten by Natasha Beddingfield, it's a really cool song, but now It's time to study "
"Is loving Pink right now, and REALLY wants to see her in concert "
So i couldn't sleep thinking about when my ohone is going to come in ... 
@papotricia I think your account has been hacked by spammers 
Why is everyone trying to turn me off? 
@whataboutkirsty  so they play my favourites the time im not there! let's hope they play those 2 at leeds
@deepashah clearly @thisisrobthomas isn't my bff because he doesn't respond to my tweets like he does yours! 
@officialmgnfox Your cat was beautiful... So sorry for your loss 
Is it wrong to want chocolate this early in the a.m.? I could really go for some hot chocolate and churros . . . substituting granola bar 
project report prep 
"@ericbeard Careful, U're sounding unreasonably demanding if not belligerent. They're going 2 go patriot act on U! Gotta luv the airlines "
"3 down, 1 more to go. but i have no mood to do it. "
while ya'll adjust 2 carseats/diapers/crying.i'm adjusting 2a cognizant prepubescent teen q's like: LET'SGO2THEPOOLDAD? IHAVE2SHAVEMYLEGS 
"ajj, 580 olvasatlan hÃ­r a google readeremben "
"@stephenackroyd i don't want to imagine jack white ejaculating anything, thank you "
I wish my toothache would go away. 
Back to office.. Han't yet done with my so called weeked loads.. and its back boring day again..  Well anyhow managed to enter gym floors.
Steven Wells R.I.P. 
Doctors today 
@crizzsam http://twitpic.com/8d5ee - I HATE YOU.   I wannttt.
Man soon came quicker then i thought it would 
@samanthai ooh I don't think so - can't believe I'm saying that. MUST be sick.  Good luck with your day - fight the power! ;)
@babygirlparis The website says &quot;worldwide&quot; but they aren't available in Canada!  
my laptop has a virus  will backup tonight and reformat tomorrow.
@warlordsofpez it looks like rain 
I keep thinking today is Friday 
"@alissakaye lol, nada, just been chillin', missin' the hubbster "
Needs to invest in a good bed!! That means spending my bloody money  one is not amused especially since I'm not rich *hangs head in shame*
Getting well from bronchitis 
"@KGeezy85 - I was sleepy, yet couldn't sleep much last night, 2. I finally fell asleep, now I am tired. Maybe too much coffee "
@fenifer Thanks!  I will try those.  I just can't believe they would deny you on the basis of a couple of questions &amp; no interview 
@Liz_66 You have heat??? we dont even have the sun right now 
"Having lunch in a hotel's hall noisy &amp; boring &amp; horrible food, wrong choice "
 Poor Spike's face when Buffy uninvites him from her house....gets me everytime. He looks so hurt.
@CandiceKei omg. I'm seriously crying now. That was the only concert I could go to.    
Now time is more than 6pm... But still in office..... Hectic life........... 
"@cozmosis a total cleanup. Get into that cpanel of yours, try deleting some stuff :'( yeah I know it'll be sad  oh and say how about you.."
Watchin' TV instead of work 
"I would like to confess that I have Pre envy. I left sprint, and now I have to wait until the Pre is available from some other carrier. "
knows you are getting old when you wake up with bad acid and need tums 
"grrr, was planning on taking lunch t 2, and have now noticed i have a meeting at 2. no lunch till 3 now "
World's tallest dog (more than 7 feet tall) has bone cancer and needed surgery.   He's doing okay for now.  Poor thing!
what I don't get is The Guardian has thousands of twitter followers but I seem to be the only one standing up for twitter. Lonely 
I miss my car 
"Seriously, I don't want my dog anymore. He takes longer pisses and girls like him way more than they like me  My ego is sore.."
has queued for Saw ride for last 90 minutes. Ride just broke down. Massive #thorpepark fail  Grr!!
Amanda coady is so indescribable - when can i fully understand her? I wish I had a piece of her brain  *rewriting research proposal again*
Oh please quit with the chainsaw already! 
meng stop talking about homeworks its soooooooooo  dont remind me of them. please and thank you! 
"my eyes are aching for some reason... since a few hours.... washing, napping, blinking fast doesnt seem to help.... "
packing for my epic weekend  dunno which dresses to pack though... too many to choose from 
I feel like shit. I'm nauseus X 5423867. And my Dr. is on vacation. FML. 
Just burned my finger on my straightener twice.  Going to Jackson.
"Great, just great... ac is not working here at work &amp; gonna be 90 again today "
@jyeags Just saw this reply. $3.50 is a hell of a deal. The cheapest you can get a ticket here for a normal movie theater is around $9. 
Is Suffering Bad With Her Hayfever Today 
is sick of being in work on nice days 
@vKnouseM Isn't that the greatest?   Alex has been trying to sneak into the street a lot recently. I hate his sudden rebellious streak.
I know if I go back to sleep I won't wake up until an hour before I go to work or something but I'm tirrrred 
@isangkampana lucky for you guys 
So I finished Twitter trivia 28th out of 956.  No prize for 28th place. 
"@electra126 Aww, your poor dad "
Serious depression mode right now   
Is sad because the gas station didn't have french vanilla cappuccino. 
Hmmm looks like istockphoto have put up there prices significantly 
@yendisongbird LOL noooo this dusty ass area. Not good for me 
needs to be taken care of today 
Back after a gorgeous day of boating.  Vive la St-Jean Baptiste.  Now I'm back to work  oh well.  2 more days to go before the weekend
My boys is never staying at home again.Last time my internet modem went missing now the battery of the camera is missing 
@kaitgoesrawr26 awwe  all break though?
Good Morning. O Globo tells me Katia B will be singing today at Copacabana Palace. A bit too early. Won't be able to make it 
http://twitpic.com/8d7mq - I miss my mommy! I wanna go home 
I must.. Stop.. Clock.. Watching.. 
wishies i could have my proper phone back now  (
@luvinmycurves where was my invitation to last nights meal 
Today i am sad because i am not elgible to adopt a chinese baby 
at work 
last day with laura. 
is wondering what the weird noise is that is coming from the underside of my passengerside dash.... 
Why sometimes people not grateful with their life?Include me  http://myloc.me/5A4j
me sitting in epic traffic this morning before forth bridge: http://tr.im/pIcb &amp; after bridge http://tr.im/pIcp 
I'm back from the walk! I should write now 
I'm in a really bad mood and I just can't seem to snap out of it! Argh! It's such a pain in the arse! 
gotta pack . . but too lazy to  
@mattian that's for two tyres. Sharp objects in both fronts! Shredded the front left on the way into work. Sucks to have big tyres 
my house area electric city blackout.. Sob sob..  How many hour i need to wait.. 
@peapod5 I have a very kind friend that lent it to me.... sorry   Not sure where she got it sadly!
Going to the prado! Internet is limited now  having a great time!
@bengrinsted Tell me about it 
lutando contra a interLERD do CIn.. Failed to load 6 x 0 Twitter 
"wish I could snap my fingers &amp; instantly be where I need to be, with my best galpal "
@thecancerus when was BCP6 announced??? I absolutely have no idea abt it  damn missed something imp
Jason just practiced escaping from the straight jacket twice.... it doesn't look good for tomorrow 
"Off to Chris's Graduation, kinda sad I'm missing the Heart meet and greet "
i want to go to titp soo bad! 
I'm still sleep walkin.. Got n the crib last don't kno how jus remember hittin the sheets now I'm up beating my feet  TIRED
@smitten__kitten thanks!!! but didnt win  how are YOU?
"To nice to be sitting in the office, wish i was in the beer garden "
Its 0530 in the morning and its already hot out 
@njbnad tried to DM you but unfortunately I can't.  
@yliesan  @denissahady just wanna go back to my apt 
"@divyabrigitta Thxx dearr. Pray the bst fr u too. Eh seriuss ke kl minggu bsk? Aaa I'm gonna be lonely, everybody's leaving "
Up (thank u sweet baby jesus) &amp; wishing I could afford 2 call out today!!! Soooo Tired 
"At work, getting some last min stuff out of the way then its off til Monday!  WooHoo  Still a bit sleepy &amp; fuzzy though  xx"
is busy text arguin wt her ex and wishes she knew were the hell she stood wit him  xxx
paying tribute to ed rip 
At the #Doterati breakfast trying to take photos but they keep turning all the lights off 
"@AlanCMiller I should be now following. Cool cool. Ive got nothing planned today, well one opticians appointment! "
@derrickkendall that is if i'm not busy murdering ginger....i heard what you think of our pet skills 
"I hate my life  I need to sleep, catch up on as many downloads as possible then go out. Imagine if I actually had a job or something! xD"
Went to Oak Park Fireworks lastnight. Branden was too young to go  mi baby
@morageyrie I used to do exactly that a couple of times a month. Till I got a fork. Then the fork got confiscated at the airport 
"I was way too nervous at my job interview, think i might have fuddled it.... "
I need some entertainment 
is homesick and wants to go back to the Philippines 
@bobbyjackandmel I'm trying to call  
im so guted i cant go and see miley cyrus in concert   x
"is suffering from all this writing, writing, writing.  Fingers are curled into claws &amp; wrist is stiff &amp; swollen.  Pass the Aleve please.  "
What do you do when you cut all your hair off &amp; then you passionately HATE IT!!!  I made a BIG mistake 
Good morning!!! Dentist this morning 
"@thoughtcrims, damn you for posting that!! I sooooo wanna go but can't  I thought you liked me why punish me so :p"
i am sick . i am dying . 
its soooooo quiet on here today  feeling like i need a proper work break. cant do this anymore! hurry up V Festival x
at the doctor. 
watching Marley &amp; Me with my sister. Now I want the book! 
"so sun burnt, so much for waterproof sunscreen. ugh "
sooo  yea um... playing in the sprinkler today with the kids... and anxiously awaiting my pookey!! i miss him 
head hurts - still can't find my glasses  however... the weekend is ALMOST here!! yesssssssss
IT'S SO FUCKING HOT HERE!! 
Just spent an hour crying with them 
"last full day in NYC    going to the today show, shopping, shopping, walking around, shopping, aaaaaand wicked tonight!"
"@nwjerseyliz Some people are probably wondering if I fit into that category. Of late, my posts have been sporadic at best. "
going to work.....hungry cuz i woke up at 7:30 
is saddened that this is the last day he works with his boss 
spent an hour in an iv last night 
NO!!!! Sergei Fedorov leaves the #Caps to play in Russia 
stupid boys..they're so..STUPID! 
trying to get motivated...running a little slow this morning...forgot my breakfast at home 
@dawnrigby Oh you poor thing! I couldn't think of much worse  Do u still have lessons outside now-a-days or is it not PC anymore?! ;-)
@sotodance I'm sorry friend  Excedrin Migraine - it works miracles!!
Driving on the motorway in midday sun has given me &quot;driving arm&quot;. I'm not keen on one arm being browner than the other 
@tgi_june So wish I could come! Dying to go 
writing a list for a massive day of housework tomorrow...silly rental inspections 
"stupid littering fine.. Now I can't squander all of my recent earnings on tat, instead I've got to spend money to keep me out of court "
@tinchystryder I Really Wanted To Go To Glastonbury But All The Tickets Went  Dont Get To Watch You  Your Amazin....Love Youu xxxxx
i wish we can give Ms. Malvas' cake to her tomorrow! 
@LizeeH Jealous much? ...Miss Cinderella with beautiful dress and sun-kissed tan. 
slept over my friend morgans house  now im home and going to take a shower! pool partay today!!. might rain 
@CBJason Now which one was this a reply to?? Sorry TwitterBerry strips this information 
@Dr_Tan I know  He called from the plane and he's all upset. I feel bad for him. I should got get him a bagel and take it to his plane :p
@andysmudger cause I had my first physio session yesterday and it hurts 
like somebody just been shot down 
@YANICAKES now youre gonna have to wait a couple more months to mater her 
It is going to be another hot day in San Antonio no doubt into the 100's and water conservation measures into effect-no rain 
trying to figure out my new phone....not an iPhone Matt...sorry 
would say that she is amped. But she is not much of a liar 
i need to find some time to improve my sculptie skill  its abit hit and miss atm lol
@iamfir hi baby wish i was with you guys today 
"@arthurCRS @JamesParrish I am nine today, but forty in eight days   Damn maths!"
Driving through Cleve but not picking up @heykrys  En route to Detroit!
"In English,,, Bored Out me Head!! "
trying to figure out my new phone....not an iPhone Matt...sorry  http://tinyurl.com/my6sfu
@frankferragine how long are they gonna last for??? I forgot my umbrella!!! 
"@ucf0503 Damn, I got Joey too... I was hoping for Jordan or Donnie  poop."
@xoVixenLiLi NOPE it won't 
He's very impolite.  &lt;'3
I've just got to sit through an assembly and six 30 minute periods tomorrow and it will be holidays for meeeee. Thank God! I miss Jammy 
"Another one. I always feel bad when I get emails asking for cupcake lessons  For the life of me, I cant teach. And I dnt have space."
Hopefully i helped in some kinda way. didnt get a chance to go c transformers last nite..my fav movie partners went without me pouty lip 
@joek949 i'll finish theory in july!then if im lucky i'll be able 2 drive..if im not..i will in Sept.Cos school close in August 
"Oh dear, my Devilder prediction wasn't the best....sorry Irena   I only saw the 3rd, Hanescu was pounding the ball and not missing."
"@TheEmmaHamilton I guess so. But all my friends just have facebook. They don't have twitter yet.  uh, i don't have myspace."
Leaving TromsÃ¸ in a few hours..MosjÃ¸en here I come.. Gonna miss my girl though... 
@_SugaRush You get naptime a MMail now??? I know it used to happen unofficially but WTH? Why wasn't that there when I worked there? 
Not really so excited  sorry I know
Getting Ready for a fire drill.  I hate having to walk down 12 flights of stairs. 
*unfollow.... Brain fail 
@bimbler lucky you... don't think i'll have time for lunch today  what you got???
"@cyanidesicle It's horribly hot. Humid though, not pleasant "
someone spray painted my driveway 
i'm gonna have to miss @friskyupdater again. 
@amandafortier  I am so happy with all the fun you are going to have and bummed I will not be there this year.     #NHLTweetup
Have to drive my brother up to Boca Raton.  Kill me now. Please.
ugh can't sleep...worried about @nickneagle 
@summersurf12 laine!! Help meeee! I'm so damn bored la.. Stupid hell hole.. Bleah! Miss u ppl man 
@Noufah loool I'm still fighting for my weekend 
"Home from work, one more time then getting ready for field day... sorry about last night, forgot my phone, so there's no tweets "
had lunch outside the pub in the sunshine and wanted to stay there but she had to return to the classroom 
says :'-( (tears)  http://plurk.com/p/13vdxk
@LTLline...WHY Russ Parr show reporting you and Janet broke up?!?....say it ain't so 
"No kitchen again, so bfast out (Humpty's too far though  ), then easy RS-SK in the hood, quick shower b4 picnic @ school w/kids."
I like breakfast. I wonder if my financial aid will cover last semester's book bill so I don't have to pay it. I don't think it will. 
@labrujitarosa The ice tray didn't magically refill  And we are in dire need of mixers... Bacardi and tomato juice...or milk...?
im home and tiRed.. but still have some stuff to do.. 
"@Extremo So, what about thse of us who didn't get one? "
Feeling sick ...stuck in bed and called out of work. 
Been a while since I tweeted... Im so bored... Just waiting on Dragonica NA CBT now 
@goldiestarling I wish I were a cute young asian girl. I would get that many views too. 
exit 108....so far away still 
Bk cheesy tots are addddicting 
@Dana_Willhoit Not the washing machine! Oh horrors. No young man deserves to be subjected to that.... 
"fears that, despite the wishes of its' people, the gov't of #Iran will not relent "
damn whats up with msn? i think i caught another virus 
is missing iara terribly.... 
Nobody is here? Someone want to talk with me? 
"lagi mellow, please where are you "
iv to stop playing ghostbusters now 
@MSJELLYBEANZ yup I'm still tight about my pizza  lol
"does not want to do the 800 m run tomorrow, its predicted to rain which means i'm gonna look like a poodle "
@CharleneIsabel they can replace the battery but I think they have to send it back to the factory so u might be without a phone 
@denyseduhaime but-I think he has some work thing going on 
Still sick today  Still super excited about Dane cook tommorrow night!!!!
wooooorrrrkk. no lunch partner today. so bummed 
@majornelson I posted this in the forums but got no response  Maybe you could help instead? http://bit.ly/C0Ra7
@hodduk  TELL ME IS SO OLD... YOU HALMONEE
@allthatglitrs21 I don't like the beta design either... but it's not like they're going to do anything about it 
cancelled! 
@amysav83 Yup!  1 WHOLE WEEK! ...not long enuff tho!  So watcha up 2? Ur day off i take it? Am i missin much? lol
@BabyBree96 He got a Court hearing from when he got arrested. 
We're getting pics tomorrow by the totally awesome @bobbiandmike and I have NO idea what to wear. I'm not fashionable or girly 
Oh no!  Mt favorite coffee shop - Hill of Beans - is closing July 25th!  
"@BT_broadband Ah, well, we're both in the same boat then. I switched because they were throttling the speed every single night. "
"getting the donut off the ride today! laughed so hard w/ breezy last nite during wipeout, think I pulled somethin  need 3 Help desk peeps!"
I can't write today 
@MariaGalea  OMG see this --&gt; http://bit.ly/aekPr   so CUTE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i want them  ...
urgh 2oclock and i've done fuck all. Hate days like todaaaayyy D: 
@oh_machine have fun! ill still b workin the transformers shift at work tonite  its all good
Am So Tired  Yesterday Was Soo Good :L
want to be a pinup girl...my boobies are to small 
I feel horrible and 2day is gng 2 b a longggg day! No voice 
Think body still pondering on walk related bashing from weekend. Demanding lots of sleep and grumbling when I attempt exercise 
@angelface0608 Can't log in to work 
goodbye purple bit of hair 
@brigidmhairi poor baby!  And the ZED R16 arrives today...  
is finally on holidays.... sorry I haven't twitted much lately been sooo busy and all 
Thank god. Days in August. Good thing I'm not C. Days in September = I can't go. 
tired from TAFE 
is in graphicssss boredd 
it's kind of sad how people who i have added on here move faster than my livejournal friends page. 
@amandasuanne I totally would lend you one of mine if you were closer 
Today will be a boring day I just know it! Cause both my dad and mom is working so there'll be no ride to go shopping or something. 
who was on my site??i'm so angry right now...that's not really nice 
Teenages aww I scare gearad  hehe
"amen.. @lalagwayzv ahh,, i want to hear news bout mcr's new album,, not a bad news from bobbie "
@friskyradio I lost you as a follower... (sob) Twitter seems to go randomly haywire! 
forgot my iPod at home......Ummm    Now I  only have my work and my thoughts for about 8 or so hours... Awesome.  #fb
"@BigPapi1011 call mee when you get a chance today, i miss you "
Yesterday I was sick and lonely. Today I'm spending all day driving around alone. Yay summer 
wants her boyfriend but hes at stinky glastonbury 
Why is it that the weather is fantastic all week just in time for rain all weekend? 
upset that my mother is denying me ownership of one of the cutest bunch of baby rabbits i have ever seen  evil evil evil 
@OnLy1sMaShLeY   Hope its not cause we went out for a bit!
Hates the waiting game! 
So glad to be back. Looking forward to weekend with all my favourite girls. Have to go unpack now.  @sophiejam - I miss you.
@rubadub1 what did I do to make Lyric mad?? 
Mmmm not feeling it 
@natashaloo duck~! not fair  i want duck
My lil Katiebug is at gym til 1230  and josephs sleeping. so yay.
so sick  never underestimate sinsusitis nothing makes u feel more miserable
"&quot; i want a mom that will last forever &quot; is on repeat, i cant stop listening to it "
Food at mex place in Kingston = stay away it sucks!!! Plus I just paid 10 for a burrito and a coke! I feel disgusted 
Lots of estimates today. . . Work is slow again  
going back to the base... that means no more episodes of &quot;weeds&quot; for this week 
"gotta go, see you 2morow "
"Not having a good morning, got in the elevator and broke the heel on my favorite shoes "
 hangover
Just boarded the plane to Belgium to play the mighty Star Wars tonight. 1 mc down tho  fingers crossed Stamina can make it
@EmmaCraddock thats awesome! i dont have tix yet. Shit!  haha i should get onto that asap. I got work off for aarons. So see you there!! X
no ones comming back this summer 
@urchincreature why is he a Forgotten Australian? 
Have a test in few days!!! What a pain 
miss my school so much 
Class wahh 
I never want to wake up again.  Its too early to ever wake up. Geebus
Watching videos of Kerry's last....  Her taking off in the taxi and waving as she pulled off was SO Eastenders-like!!
Man soon came quicker then i thought it would  (via @Jamielea89)&lt;~~Don't fret. There's an app for that!î?—
Last day in nyc 
"fell asleep on couch, now my neck hurts... "
@jeffshi you left me out for lunch. 
"@TwoPeasandPod Pretty good, just counting down to the weekend. Haven't seen the bf in 3 wks   Hanging in there is better than not, right?"
My legs and abs are so sore...not good for walking around hershey all day 
is feeling a little sick but has to get over it because there is a full day of laundry still ahead. 
For some reason I'm full of aches and pains today 
"I just installed Tom Clancy's  Ghost Recon. After 15 minutes of exciting installation the system failed the game,it had no graphic card. "
school was chillin'.I have a softball game later.Don't wanna go..So sad I'm not going anywhere on summer vacation 
what a day..... no time to catch any rays today 
where's my happy ending?? 
Fed up  x
cant take any classes this summer 
@failureperiod i have a blockmate (not my block) who reminds me of you  i miss you (
dunks messed up my coffee again  last week hazelnut sounded like coconut and today apparently hazelnut is french vanilla
i'm soo lonely 
@fandang probably because of all the Tabasco and Kikkoman 
printer is gone... for good  twitter is freaking slow... last day @skrine... gonna miss &quot;the company&quot;!
Being thankful for another day is hard when I feel bummed. 
@KLovesJon yep....pretty bad cough and some other new symptoms...bleck if it doesn't improve I can't believe I'll have to skip my show. 
cleaning  then ready to a party later tonight!
Homework! Homework! Homework! Homework! Homework! 
Is at the gate drinking a tall Carmel frap. We don't leave till 10  haha
@Radioheader 
@BeccaxVipx  hey watch this !! --&gt; http://bit.ly/aekPr  --&gt; too CUTE !!!!!!! iw ant them 
"@KarisaNowak yeah, bob's cool. but my lease has noise restrictions. "
"@sallitt Not in this case, sadly. "
"From 8pm until way past 1am, there were 2 choppers circling in the sky above my head. Had to close windows to sleep even in hot weather "
Just got to work!!!! Ewwwwwww 
i know i have not been asleep for nearly enough time when i wake up and the number of new tweets in my twitterfox is 32. 
@Sydeney spoiled t day indeed..ruined #confedcup 4 me 
I couldn't sleep well last night  @djcoalition please let me know when u go to the doc.
@cybette @nondual people laugh at me when i tell them i want to be a male model and/or stripper; it makes me sad 
@dancingfingers deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer ! i am not gonna join anyer trip with you guys  cause i gotta go to singapore on july 4th
This brings back memories #wdw Attractions they used to lure guests are no longer present!   http://bit.ly/TyFvD
"I lost some wisdom (2 of them) and now I am in pain  , teeth that is. Why are they called wisdom teeth?"
don't feel to well today 
My tooth aches so bad I just want to yank it out!!! I think it's part of the reason I haven't gone back to bed 
@dayofgrace atleast i dont have to worry about loosing any hair when they hit me... oh... now im just sad 
"@annaliese_sarah haha we're doing this play Educating Rita. So lame  for trials we got to know 4 essays and 1 story, its torture! lol"
I woke up at 4:30 am today.  8:00 tee time. &gt;&lt;&quot;
"@doctorpancreas am mobile, can't read the text in that comin "
I don't think i'm gettin my 8hrs 
training tonight. was good to have a day off but im still super sore from tues 
"OMG, my allergies led a full attack on me today. Guess the storms unsettled some allergens last night. Zyrtec, take me away! "
"@doctorpancreas am mobile, can't read the text in that comic  "
"@MissGoogle Has it been released ? Spent almost 2K Dh on the 71, and now 72... "
"@urchincreature sorry, I googled, that's so sad and so many people with similar childhoods "
@lyn_martinez I MISS YOU LYN!  &gt;&lt;
I NEED A FUCKING FRIEND 
Screen on my blackberry broke  good thing I know how to replace them!
Difficult to focus on work - vaca starts tomorrow @ noon... too bad the forecast is all rain so far 
is bored at home  mmm what movie do i watch??
@ShazzySTFU good girls go bad &amp; hot mess 
Ate too much shit at lunch  Feel sick now!
@Nelicion So sorry to hear that! 
I wish wish wish it was Friday. 
sold Take That Tickets! sad 
@ComedyBint well its going to be on tv for 2weeks 
"@johncpiercy Oops; none of those work for me, as I am back at work next week and out of town for weekend "
getting ready for shitty work  roll on half 7!!!
up early missin my baby  but 2day will b a good day I can feel it. yes! (
@mattg00d I hate it too. I miss you guys.  Last time I saw you was Bamboozle 08.
@justinrains Just moved to Harper's Point and they are tearing down the Kroger's here.  Am fried about it! 
is new ? and has no friends 
balikin laptop gue woy! huhu 
@erinloechner sounds like a good one.  tried to watch it but it's not working 
in 1st hour...with huge plastic thing in my mouth that i have to wear for 2 weeks...can't talk!!!!!!!!!!  About to go watch a school play!
missing reboot again 
Kidney pain. Hurts  brb...
"I was suppose to rec my card 4 rms between 10 to 15 wking daz, it s day 24 n no card yet. This region is so lame w/ their agreement. "
just installed Snow Leopard not very different from Leopard but now I can resize icons with a slider !! ... humm Â¡ I never use icon view 
"@ashleyd85 it's only bad if you can't talk and tweet at the same time, I can't  wish I could though"
I will absolutely be applying for this. My ebookwise reader has not been my friend in a long while...  #sbtd
time for chemistry....woopty freakin do!!! 
oh well ive had to have tea and toast instead!!  gotta go for meeting my mind jus in dreamworld!!!
can work get any more predictable &amp; humdrum than this   surely no rest for the wicked!!
@NateLindberg Holy shit. Are you okay? I am very sorry  Is there anything i can do?
Finally got my Bbycks order and they sent me the wrong stuff ;s so i have to send it back 
No London to Paris for me. Action Medical Research wont change the ferry/hotel details   Some time to train for next year though I guess
I don't know why you do this but you hurt me 
@gracechareas hhhhahah nice grace!!! i want 2 go 2 bed but the fan heater thing is really good and i gotta turn it off when i go 2 bed 
I hate filling out forms manually 
"haha to right  , oh my god i want tha set so much  it awsum like   x"
"@caitlinwillster i went 2 their last one, i want to tho  but noone to go with lol + is it sold out? are you going?"
@billycii Don't worry it'l be gone soon enough We can always refresh ourselves on the cold air that the Cubs are throwing off 
@ClaireScare  my name's not ijmmmm 
@mayaREguru and I'm sure your bb misses you 
Drive alive day. Would rather have stayed home and make *some* progress with all my homework 
"stuck at home, missing my dad. "
"@italiabella210 fine fine fiiine! Wanted to take a sunbath,but sun dissapeared as I reached the backyard... So sad "
@Olkaaaaa yes you're definitely a LUCKY GIRL!  thats what i think brazil suxs! hahaha 
BLOOMING ROASTING!!! Can't believe I have to go to work AGAIN! 4th day in a row  off tomorrow then back on sat boooooooooo
"ill, limping about, feels like my leg muscle has locked "
Tbqh... I dunno How Te Work Diz 
Not doing to good....I hurt my knee last night dancing  
Homework and cleaning until 5...I've had enough fun this week 
I tweet too much :/ trying to make myself tired to get some sleep if not I'll be in a bitchy mood all day  no one will like that.
i need a macro lens  stop being so freaking expensive fun photo stuff!
@wendywilson81 wishe i could help with the tyres but we're not allowed to do it anymore  xx
@x__rachh92 eh  did you have a good time at college? why were you there?
This sore throat is so bad.. Udh 2 minggu ga sembuh2..  http://myloc.me/5A8R
"@LouisTrapani Well exactly, I guess I was being a bit facetious. It's very doubtful they'd release any SD/BD Who any time soon if ever. "
wishes that Katie Price n Peter Andre wud sort things out n get bk together they were my fave celeb couple  x
okay afternoon workout I need to go to work 
is too tired to be up this early.   I want some good eats. And I think Sophie is trying to poop.
Hello everyone! I'm back on twitter after a stomach bug that sent me to the hospital for a week  but I'm all better now!
Bad morning  Was awoken at 3AM by excruciating burning pain in right middle fingertip. Swollen now. Is it possible to get gout in finger??
I don't want to format my computer. 
"Ever since recent evernote and iphone updates, having synching problems with evernote on my iphone. "
why do i keep losing 
Ugh... Monster energy drink  usually me best friend but makng me feel sick 2day 
@tytytyq UCB has no ed  sigh schless 4 now.
i'm ill  sitting at home is so boring.
back to work...much radio repairing this afternoon 
@dkoren I hate it when I get the 'redesign my website' bug...  ... your tweet makes me want to redo mine now... 
@itsloveexoh I don't know  but I feel the exact same way..
at the health department with the poor people 
"@ashleysapirate jkdbfljhksfnld girl ! i knowwww  its an orange tape ahaha dvds are for newschoolers, we go oldschool! ;D"
The base mobil network is dead 
The worst motorbike parking I've ever seen  http://twitgoo.com/y3at
"it's great to get a product order, just wish it was from the items in stock "
"Great night, awesome morning, and now I'm back to work. "
yeah! got my ebook of the secret! can;t buy the book for now 
booooooo... first sunny day in forever and i'm working til 7 
this ain't my day. 
2 down. So tired 
"Fixed my camera problem, they were on the SD card as hidden files! Why did that happen? "
OUCH! I just cut my finger with a bread knife 
@petrac I want to go to the beach. 
@jayegan told them they laughed more and made me talk more to take the mick more 
Still going to camp 
why so earlyyy? 
We have the wet stuff this morning and has me in side for the time being  .hope mother nature gets her ACT togother  soon 
"It's going to be a looooong day and night for Orrin and I, Justin will be working Velvet Sessions and won't be home until after midnight! "
@wazza12 I will be around long story but our foxtel has been cut off 
sick of having a spotty face 
i sat incollege thinkking why!!!!! 
damn it... I left my wallet home today. I am gonna die from starvation... 
but i'm tooooo cool for school!  i don't wanna go...  but hey at least it's the last day!
"@missfrederica I envy your allowance.  AS IF THERE'S ANY DIFFERENCE!  Kahit na, I still envyyy. )"
its going to rain  
@Grellou Same here! I hope he's ok.  Some days ago I really started to miss Georg's laugh. I want to hear them. And the Hasselhoff jokes.
"worst part about this breakup: not being able to talk to someone who has been my friend for over 3 years  I have a funny story, dammit!"
second day of summer school.....ten more left 
"@janosoto thank you, but kitty may not make it.  He's sick &amp; has to be dropper fed. "
its 2pm lunch time over... do I really have to go back to work? 
"@taniaoliveira Link! Link! Link! Ai, como eu queria ver!!!  rs"
"how to tweet, when there is ni sun "
"So sad , I woke up today thinking it was Friday  Boo for Thursday !"
Probably no beach today b/c of the weather. Boo.  Instead I'll run errands &amp; catch up on stuff. Still should be a good day!
My laptop monitor is broken. This isn't good 
"I'm so angry, 'bout that Christianis together with Ellen again. Why does he do that?  Pls god, make Alisa and him a couple again..."
damn copyrights... i wish i could be listening to a 25 seconds preview of a new arctic monkeys song 
I managed to make it all the way to the office before realizing that I forgot my badge at home. 
The campers getting up and someone a toy snake in my bed not cool at all 
my shaq to the cavs? 
@Wossy but all the listings say Bruno... 
awl man.! my pimple left a scar.! 
Good morning! Had no internet again last night  What did I miss?
Ahhhh..He sure knuff handled his bizz last niite...only 1 turn off:  he farted during...smfh...so nasty...Im still accepting applications 
@TwoPeasandPod I hope your GI finally figures it out so you can kick this problem's ass once and for all 
@kinshuksunil yup..  i mean on which application ??
"@michaelianblack Dang, us sucker Canadians will have to wait until July "
@Schofe http://twitpic.com/7tt75 - I so miss Newquay and Cornwall  Wish I could afford to move back there one day
@amnith operalink was actually turned off after the update; it is not fixing the wand problem though 
"so, it's just taken me just over an hour to get up my stairs, wash myself and come back down. this is gonna be a long 3 weeks.  #fb"
"So I wake up at 8AM from a nightmare and decide to do my work for COM 140. Turns out my instructor is in the hospital, maybe for a week. "
wonders why you can't buy a replacement reciever for a wireless mouse. 
last night out!!!!  done with packing and now rocking sydney for the last time!
@FijiMermaid That is such a sad song  and see this all on a daily basis. Cruel world sometimes.
@oodlesNoodles does the nifty nosh thing actually work?? I think im 2 far away 
@fashionablew0lf - I wanna see that movie sooo bad!! 
@ditski samaaaaaaaaaa....  still in office iam rite now beb...
@danielgrosvenor No  That's actually next week.
Hating twitter right now     
@bonjourchelc Thats like ppl with a lot of bands tho 2.... it makes me mad 
I absolutey DESPISE being late to things...yet I am so GOOD at it.  
"way tired, prac report still to gooo "
"whajfa shes just like me, korean/black, gosh why can't i be that pretty "
"@mikehaydon I am so old, they don't even have a category for me "
is going to wear his glasses again. 
My @peterfacinelli app on my iPhone isn't working!? WTF 
@Pink  the intercontinental isn't as flash as it used to be  go the park hyatt by harbour!
@VONYspeaks weird. I clicked on the Trace Mag link and it says 'the page you are looking for no longer exists' 
"Was finding my phone, and I found it in the cupboard lying beside piles &amp; piles of clothes...god... what's with me. "
I'm not signing up for early shows anymore. I'm not awake enough to be quickwitted enough to make sales at 7:30am.  blah! Sleep?
Just writing a financial report about intangible asstets. Wanna go home 
work till 2  but then naptime! And fun times with saylor! Woop!
Having problems setting up Cairo Dock on Ubuntu  Some of the cairo themes I saw on youtube look awesome!
@verabeltran hi.you're still talking to me?   anyways it's not the weekend yet for me either.i'm working tomorrow 
"Renumbered 171 refs in an article, now I have to input them all on the computer  Listening to Girls Aloud tho so dancing in my chair"
"@solangeknowles SHOW=1 MORE DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!   i'm no whea near ready. no outfit, no neck breakin hair do, no bright nails "
please no exams 
@Jillzaa iight 
"Doing a stage check for a kid from Holland, made me miss grandmas cooking "
Realizing that I need bigger boobs! Small peaches 
crap!! i totally forgot to buy a memory card reader. have to figure out a way on how to download all this picture in the digi. cam  ughh
We have that wet stuff this morning  and hope mother nature gets her ACT togother  soon 
"the weather is hot, beautiful girls R out, ppl R BBQing &amp; I have a flame in my heart. just can't digest the reality. why why why "
@t work  
Jus in work wi jenivivo  miss my baby tho  xxxxxxxxxxx
Upset that justine left #masterchef  hoping chris wins. Or lucas. Nah chris.
@KUSSSTINA I know but heros never die  It sucks to see that happen.
@supjoya And I thought I had it bad. That's horrible. 
grandpap is in the hospital..Lord please watch over him and help him 
"Ugly day, working hard, cold weather.... I need my girl right here, right now!!!  http://yfrog.com/a6chcbj"
"I think my kitty cat knows I'm leaving her, she laid on my lap for a cuddle and then didn't want to get up aww "
@RWildThing Something you've eaten? 
"The baby of a family friend (I barely know this person, but my sister is pretty close I think) died. "
"Worst place to have a blinking red light, westhiemer and 610  I've been here for 20min"
oh please please don't let my call in be a real shift.... i have better things to do then wait around to work. 
"omg, math exam tomorrow :O &amp; i'm soooo tired "
oh naaaaht !! U make him jealous !! He seems to be mad at me  . Uh . . I'll kill yaa !!
Pretty bad night into a crappy morning....FML! If only buttface didnt say he could go into work today 
Been late to work all week. I don't even take the metro! Guess buses were affected by the crash too 
"@UniqueBlossom Aww, that sucks! "
"@Xenex Hey, that Optus shop, didn't it use to be a Telstra shop about 12 years ago? Missing Melbourne now "
teacher race started. peel Park out hydraulic failure.failure.  #cmim
@markwalters74 you're no fun 
trying to look after back today.  Was crippled with back pain last night and couldn't get up from sofa without difficulty.  
finds the sun is a little less shiny without a Texas win ..... sigh 
"is researching 'tinternet for replacement camera, smallest child has completely destroyed current one, small budget though "
impossibly tired today...considering a coffee run since our coffee is non existent these days 
"@privarma And the worst part is, I still keep on getting them! "
Didnt go to bed till well after midnight... up before 6 am... there is something wrong with my body. No alarms either... 
Is not having a good day. 
N nw dis F*** up.. D fight is 20 mins late..I hate dis man..Cud hav written 2-3 more mails.. n its a surprise visit 4 ma mom n gf..   #fb
@caryn69  i know i saw they are yay!!!... i did!!!  nice work babes!!! i wanna tweet britney  but rarley on bummer!!!
@theothermousie Just found out a mutual friend died of leukaemia on Tues eve leaving behind two young daughters. 
Playing my Guitar Hero...Nothing to do 
@theresamurray is devastated about the elephants  http://bit.ly/WbVLU
Is ticked off at work  boo bad day in away boo
My mom maybe getting me a new phone !! Bt she's stil considering . 
"I know, I mumbled  Sorry guys!"
"Watching Super sweet 16, I wish my mummy and daddy were rich  lol God these kids are soooooooooooo spoilt!"
@centrinoduo91 It's a sign of Hayfever.  Mine's gone absolutely mental today 
And i thot that i could do some shopping &amp; eat @ fish &amp; co.  - http://tweet.sg
@JJenkins2012 I always imagined him as like some sort of commando who hunted down the other offenders 
hope my computer works all day. it didnt work yesterday 
"i have unbearable pain in my teeth. @DrAwab, tell me some medicine man "
"Tried to get podpress to work last night, no joy. Back to it later - but busy busy day  I just want to play with my podcasts...."
Work......story of my LIFE 
thort id join twitter and see what is all abou b4 i go to work and leave the sunshine 
I wish I were at Glastonbury 
"@CFCCLEV thanks the flowers were a pain actually, they dropped to pieces  but there still my favourite flower"
@hariniachala Well that was my concern too 
@1uk3 here!! but i'm working.... 
my tummy hurts 
Also work...for another 4h and half 
"Just had some caffeine free tea and it tasted just like regular tea, and there was me thinking the caffeine was the tastiest part "
So tired 
Sitting on the plane waiting for everyone to board.... thankfully it's only bout 1.25hr flight... of course it's a small plane tho 
My poison ivy is know getting close to my eye balls...going to the doctor at lunch 
Ann Curry is great to follow.  Carpet guy coming today.  AARRGGHH!! I have meetings today too.  Gonna be nuts.  Too much right now.  
@modernmami I want to go to Disney too. Take me with you ... you'll just have to wheel me around in a chair and I can't go on any rides 
Nothing much to do today. listening to music. Bored 
Omg the fuckin Marshall towed my car ! 
"@ZoeAimee Ahh, that's good. I'm glad! I'm good. Aside from my iPod broke earlier tonight. "
i is sad... 
3 hours later and she empties her Facebook inbox! 80% spam - what a rewarding experience 
headache 
"so busy today, so much to do! still gota pack! Hungry aswell "
"had to skip my voice lesson today, because i'm still ill  my voice isn't existent! lol I'm bored!!"
tired and possibly gonna be a lil hung over tomoz  had fun good night out thankyou luke/jay
"@RoseHale13 Oh -laughs-  I think Nessie will be happy to see the new family, but I know deep down inside it won't be her Jake "
"@twoismboc &amp; I stayed up too late playing Wii Sports. I am so terrible, but we both laughed &amp; had a great time. I am going to miss him. "
@jtbritto I think I may have forgotten what the gym is. 
I have no plans for today except an opticians appointment! 
@nidiamazing I bagged Sims 3 a month ago! But my laptop is running on low ram and causes major lag in my game. 
bummed out that I broke the charger piece off of my phone last night. I have to work on getting a new one today  so sad!!!!
feel so low 
@KISSmyBLAKarts awwww  thats sad 
@soireebliss Hey! Are you gonna answer my DM from 2 weeks ago? 
":: Finally a day without forcasted rain, but I'm too exhausted to enjoy it because abbey didn't sleep. "
The actor who voiced Mickey Mouse for more than 30 years has died 
@RobinSteelxxx i didn't get to stay yesterday 
@laccboner lace what up I leave July 7th I'm going to miss yall dearly 
@MrAdams517 lol seriously. my plans for simply deep would have at least doubled the album sales. i don't know what's up with the labels. 
Just got to wrk. N already ready to go  not realy for this boring ass meetin this early. 
Waiting to get Lab work done for Doctor. Should have been here earlier. It is going to be awhile. 
@courtrex I prefered the soviet union  il refer to you as &quot;wengers hoe&quot;
coughing... 
"@janibrajkovic Congratulations on your tt victory, shame about the tdf "
"@marksutherland Sorry, I just gave him a big streak of troll meat to chew on   Makes me so MAD (does Bruce Banner impression)"
New twitter account 
@cookiedorksx3 Awww  What's wrongg ? I hate my lifee too ;/ Screw parentss .
I am at work and really upset over how things are going 
"@DHSDHSDHS ohh yes, no I nearly did!!  I'm seeing all american rejects though!"
In so much pain ugh 
@cupcake4sure Yeah! Mini-class reunion!  But I'm going to miss Clara by a few hours 
"@seantheflexguy no problem! But I'll warn you, I'm apt to complain about AS/Flex... I'm not all that impressed by them "
Why did work block VS ?  I have 4 swimsuits I can't wait to buy ...
"sepiiii, vicky udah pulang "
getting ready to start the day...i slept on the floor last night  and my mom wasnt giving me much peace
Getting up n going 2 the gym is so hard! 
9am-just installed new brakes and fuel/water filters on Hectors truck so we dont die on the road to MA. Greasy &amp; reek like diesel 
grandpap is in the hospital..Lord please watch over him and help him 
Stuck at work  makes me a dull boy lol and it's so sunny out side http://twitpic.com/8d8iu
Today is the day... of my surgery  pray please.
Got up at 5:45 for a conference 
I am counting my new gray hairs.Everyday there is a new one.I am only 26 for gods sake!  When did i get old 
im just a girl. standing in front of a boy. asking him to love her. 
Just sitting here wishing it was time to go home. 
-28 ... messed up a few times. 2 ppics and one screwy angle read ... my backspins are really letting me down  need to work on those
"Poor garage guy had to deal with my pre-period, lack of sleep temper.... now I calmed down and I feel bad about it... "
@ThiagoAcquaviva me too 
@monnie I have a business card for an iPhone repair shop on Gawler Place ... But it's at work on my desk !! 
@wtfkyler I miss you 
@Entregreeneur genetic/medical reasons should get access as disability. But self *beer* inflicted maybe not 
It's supposed to be sunny today. Where's the sun? 
Why this week of all weeks is going a tad bit slower! It's only Thursday!! 
enjoying the pool until noon then going to lunch and shopping for my lil man.  Only 3 days left 
@xxjulia1207xx iBarista had a technical malfunction this morning .. beta test failed miserably .. had to make coffee myself 
Mom scolded me for eating too much and calls me fat 
I don't think it matters how much I drink...my body can't handle booze on a school night 
@natneagle I hope it's nothing serious Nat  didn't Katy get a fever a few days back? We all got the flu here one after the other w/ 102F.
is not very happy after reading this article: Sickness is profitable.  http://www.technologyreview.com/computing/22852/
Stupid Neighbours is making me sniffle 
"It's way too hot and humid to just be 8 am  in Denton, TX"
IN A PLANE! BUT GOING TO BE LATE THOUGH 
"is trying to worry about too many people at one time, this isn't a good month for alot of people "
Off to a doctors appointment... across town. 
"Typical, we go the hossie to get answers and problems fixed, and leave with more problems / unknown conditions than what we started with "
"@nadiaparry Fine thanks, its a bit colder today though.  And overcast.   Looking forward to weekend though!"
"@iankermit good, I just reach my second point, will be another 30 Mins before my official off.. Hope it will not drag long "
Glastonbury tomorrow   Is it wrong that I feel like crying??
I think I may have infected myself again  Lesson number one: Throw out toothbrush!
@CMPearson82 Poor thing she'll be ok. It's so sad 
Well Twitterville doesn't look like I'll have much of a choice. I have to go w/o facebook and twitter. I'll only have texting and calls 
"Sitting in the office, thinking about my cat, I wish I didn't have to give her away "
"@_Morrigan *hugs* i need to get on BLFC, but i am so backed up, and with yesterdays Sarmy drama, i had not time "
"george flew out about 2 hours ago  mixed feelings, sad to see her go, glad to have my room back and space!!!"
@realityblurred SPOILER!!!! re: I'm a Celebrity  boo.
"VBS almost over  but almost time for vacay...time to chill, visit, read and the Block Party!!!"
i wan mannequin 5  this star tour is boring...only make me feels hungry :&lt;
They killed bob on neighbours 
"Dropped $6 this morning while walking the dog  Went to look, but it was already gone..."
@3sixteenweb we don't even have air  Thank God for window A/C units!!! The humidity is horrible.
Good morning tweeters. Soooo don't feel like working out this am 
Heading to work 
"SORRY , twitter is totally fucked on this computer i meant to reply to ella , not nicola  "
"OK, justgiving page is hit and miss again, please try again whilst they fix their site... "
dammit where did my lunch hour go?! how rubbish 
@naughtylilady4u lol - I just had a little snooze out there - disgraceful - back at the desk now !  xx
@scoobeesnac Does the one in to RED though? 
@MelissaEGilbert  I woke up at 3:30 a.m. and I have no reason to get up that early 
doesn't want to work today 
cant pay my rent  if I have bad luck they wann kick me out of my appartment!!! ohohoh not good
I really think I should get dressed and decide what I'm going to do today.  Debating about Curves - but Amy isn't here to go with me. 
"@beingnobody In every conceivable sense  chin up, caterpillar x"
"i'm ready for this relationship, but there's something dance in my brain. idk what is that "
my source of entertainment just left. 
"These next three days are going to be horrible. 9-7, 12-9, 9-7. 29 hours in three days? "
So what to do today? Think I burnt a bit from the lake yesterday.... 
Morning twitterverse! Felt good to sleep in this morning! Now @ work 
Firefox now supports embedded color profiles in images. http://is.gd/1d3po Unfortunately it is disabled by default in the current release 
@12Stones I would love to come to those shows but we are in St. Louis that weekend. I was so bummed when those dates were on there. 
@officialmgnfox http://twitpic.com/8d79j - soo cute .. RIP Rosh .. 
At wrk effin stressing...... 
@ellieboo07 that's awesome! I miss you though. A bunch of us went out last night and u weren't there 
 for what?
@kobebryant240 Thanks for the memorable moments during the playoffs this year.. Now there's only dry Baseball &amp;  WNBA on TV - long summer 
@realjohngreen ALL nerdfighters should be calling their state representatives to save libraries! It's an issue everywhere. 
Dentist office 
@SanaTawileh this arabic digital consumerism thingy  !!!
does not feel good. 
and calvin left to medan already. sad departure  i wanna go back home too huhuhuhu
"lumpy oatmeal, bleh! forgot about it in the microwave "
Feeling lonely without my sister. She's living with a friend now 
se olvidÃ³ por completo de su twitter 
broke the string on my racquet tonite and played shit'ouse all nite  we still won 4 - 1 which was good.
"Thanks Bee, if you're gonna still me you could at least die. Ow "
@RyanGivesATweet noooooooooo we left already 
Never been so tired before  took three ten minute naps and I decided not to shower it's not like I smell. Changing then camp....  &lt;/3
Work again 
"@skoepken  I did not, it must have escaped through the window or something... "
@foofly: Blocked. All the usual warez eBook haunts aren't playing ball either 
wonders how to get 'tec7' of her hands. It's so damn sticky 
is doing NVQ work 
"Thanks Bee, if you're gonna sting me you could at least die. Ow "
"I want to watch the Italian Job, but I don't think I have it.... "
One day to go and my internship at Grazia ist vorbei 
colds... ouch! 
Having another day from hell with by Blackberry Storm 
Just woke up and had bad dreams 
Ewww i have an eye infection 
"prom tonight, what a load of shit it will be "
"Oh Tweetie, how I miss you "
"i am ill , i'm burnin' up (for u babe lol) headache and stomach cramps "
watching grey's anatomy makes me cry because i miss seattle 
Hates goodbye! Any kind of goodbye! Geez! Hate it!! Period! End of story! 
I need to get back my 2 meals a day diet 
"@NRMcclelland niceeee, i'm jealousss    and miss youuuuu."
"@scavengerlor  i got ur message  its okay i just miss you a lot, do u fancy coming over tomorrow to stay (if u can, if not sat yeh?)"
my notebook's missing!! i need to find it 
I will miss @barefoothillary this weekend! 
@jowriter1984 awww Jenn u really leavn  do u need help packn?
@Georgecraigono who won golf? Are you paying me back for this cereal? Lol its going to nake me poor  you alright? Ym x
The lil lion cried after I dropped him off in his classroom a few mins ago. Poor baby 
"@roguemm Aw, Firefly is great. I don't get watch much SciFi at home "
will be twittering alot tonight because I don't feel like talking to anyone else but myself. Lorrie can't telebabad tonight eh. 
@WrXnEfX yuuup. mother fuckers. i want a sonic burger 
@gfalcone601 it does sound like a very good day. I hate it when my cats do that on the carpet  xx
can't play the sims 3 
gotta prepare for the second fase of exams.. 
@Stefanvds OH NO! Fucking bug bastard biting you!  how dare he?!  Poor Tweeten 
NOthing 
Do I honestly have to sit here again for 8 hours??!! ugh why isn't it friday yet!! 
"@4eyedbookie OMG! Just remembered, soooo sorry that I haven't given back your books yet "
is uncomfortable 
about to go to school hopefully i wont cry or anything in front of anyone  byes ttyl everyone
"so many things to do,so little time "
After Lithuania Pland wants an anti gay law as well 
Total voodoo prayer fail. Crying baby in seat next to me 
feeling tired.... i wanted to go surf... but waves are gone and i'm gonna be busy today 
@CoolB good morning tbff! I keep missing your calls. Boo me. 
My tummy hurts 
"@hdstrg Heya, hehe yeah indeed!where are u now? im worried things wont be smooth sailing "
"Hi @jayatownsend, @iaincartergolf is @iaincartertennis at the moment. Still no Twitter avatar picture though. "
"@iamdecal - is that a jailbroken one? I much prefer the normal layout, sorry  am very set in my ways with my iPhone screen LOL"
"'ello fellow tweeters just thought I'd pop in and say hello. been incredibly busy, not really had time to think  "
Finished packing up my classroom yesterday in preparation for the big move!  Kinda sad 
@JoelMadden who's 2 say he won't leave  again w/out notice?  And trying to avoid taking the much-needed stimulus pkg for the schools? BAD 
i want him right beside me now 
"@DoreenO Thanks! As for the day off, it's not looking so good at this point. "
My friend is getting a kitten. I am SO jealous 
@bounder - thanks for that - but I need boundary points which all seem to cost money  ...  Silly non-public data!
@journeywoman  I always feel lke I am being pestered by the weak 
ahh stress levels increasing  hopefully a good night's sleep will help
"@LiammTh - ahhh i agree pal , tbh i can't wait to get home , but i got 2 hours of torture "
I had to wait 1 and a half hours in the cold and dark all alone until someone finally came and picked me up 
HEADACHE  &amp; packing. disliking life quite a bit at the minute.
ahhhh i keep dropping my damn blackberry!!! 
"Okay, slow patch so managed to mop up heaps and take out bags of wet paper towels. Worst body mod experience ever "
"Interesting stuff, @AdamOfDallas, the problem is that the follow/unfollow is hard these days, not for me only. "
"@kaitlynedwards aw that sucks  yeah i dunno aye, pretty sure it would be, yeah im going. were they good when you went?"
"recess!! i've more15 minutes, and there's nothing to do. "
that girl? 
ok i know that was quick but damn i got my hopes up 
"Goodmorning dad!! I told mommy not to kill that fly too, but she's bad, so she did.   â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥â™¥"
@AkeelaJamilah yes yes yes. unfortunately noooo. hell yeah i need you here 
"oh great. Finally good my first piece of good news today from goDaddy and Apple, and now I have a major head ache! "
"@eep16 ..today's the lst day i cld drive it with the big REJECT stckr on it, so either it needs 2b fixed NOW or we need to get a new car "
worked it out I think... that's pretty silly though 
"I just realized I left my book for class out... unattended. Within reach of Horatio, our poochie. I fear what I will come home to. "
"Wondering where I register for the side events at #kingsofcode?  Sadly, I get in too late for the first session on jquery "
haha. Yes being locked out sucks. startn 2 sweaat out here too 
@officialmgnfox I'm sorry Megan  I have a black kitty and she's my life... I could undestand you...
@simplecake Me too. 
@ashleysthompson I totally didn't get 2 watch. And I probably won't today either.  I'm losing bad in our pool. Quick--tell me who 2 pick!
is gutted! It's supposed to rain on my birthday  Maybe a Sunday sesh?
"Copper Clay  class this Sunday,  c'mon and join the fun 2 seats to needed or we will have to cancel "
@limleg sorry to hear that 
"@designnewb that sucks, dude "
I really want to bring Cave Story with me to work so I can relive the MAGIC. But my PSP is still disassembled. 
"Actress Farrah Fawcett near death at this hour, priest was summoned prayers to Ms. Fawcett, her family &amp; friends. "
Don't know what to do today...    i'll probably just hang out with the Shnedras (when they wake up.)
Sorry I'm a downer this week.. I lost my pet and now I'm probably losing a car I worked so hard for and dreamed about for years... I suck 
http://twitpic.com/8d8w2 - UH OH... this aint good  .. Makes me glad I am using Hotmail and they caught it!
@sln25373 aaaah! hope ur mum's fine! it's horrible when they find someones got swine's flu esp. if theyre kids 
"@xjonberg that's what your suppose to know!! Haha ;p yesterday, black screen but still made sound WTF. Help "
"@gfalcone601 sounds like your having a fab day! My eyes wont stop streaming either, stupid hayfever  xx"
Going to the DR.s at 10:15    
So i just ran the mile and i think im dying 
i dun wanna go to work..   i haven hv enuf sleep yet
@lissmdb you will find them on facebook later. I didn't bring a camera 
Ugh...presentation today...something tells me I'm not prepared 
@PhilosopherB Sorry to hear about your grandfather 
kinda bummed that i missed HH with some awesome people yesterday  BUT it's one day from friday!
I hate sleeping alone  time to try and get stuff sorted out  ~K
I just wanna go to the beachhhh  wherew are u sun?!!
@Dez4jc Awww... sorry...  I'll do better... I love you Mommy...
@The_Tyree hiya! Sorry I forgot you in my shoutout  I have missed your ignorance!
I have the worst sunburn ever! 
"I miss Bill Worrell, Clyde Drexler and Matt Bullard. I even miss Kevin Eschenfelder. It needs to be basketball season already. "
work is busy . sad sad night   -rip grandpa smith. &lt;3
@21katykat01 The wonders of boredom 
Note to self : You can't inhale peanuts! Eugh 
I can't finish a conversation after 11 o'clock.  I'll fall asleep.  I'm so lame.  
half of 50 today  I'm getting old
@GGGKeri twitter is notorious for it's bugs right now 
"@joemqi haha same! Yeah I'm trying not to rush, but I am going to the beach saturday so I don't want to lose all my progress.. "
Waiting for my flight to tokyo japan. I'm not looking forward 13 hours on my ass 
@TheSats damn i missed it because i overslept  what would we do without youtube :-D
Alex wants his twitterberry back  byeeeeee!
"I'm used to having the house to myself in the mornings before work. Now that Natalie quit her job, I've temporarily lost that luxury "
So ready for it to be Friday....I miss last week 
"@kerryeflynn no i am not home  i need to be soon though. at some point this summer. i will let you know, of course!"
looking for some good quotes for my one year anniversary present for my honey *sigh* (and i also really need to study  )
Gosh i have to do some math stuff  mad. But if i do it my grandma will pay me a trip to hamburg. ;)
No cell phone!  I apologize if anyone has tried to contact me lately... be back home tomorrow!
@danieldennis good luck on the procedure....not fun. 
@FameGames nooooo not working  thanks anyways
Is at work really anticipating the weekend! This was a LONG week  Geeze! I hate commin to work!
@zw426p been trying to open it for last 30 mins and no luck just keeps crashing 
"@matthewjpateman im goin the same way,felt fine this morning,slowly but surely as day goes on im getn worse!  hate hangovers....."
We so need Street View in MontrÃ©al 
woooooooo got my hills season 4 dvd box set ! .. and managed to lose my voice.  hah
"Interesting stuff, @AdamOfDallas, the problem is that the follow/unfollow thing is hard these days, not for me only.  http://ff.im/-4pZj7"
"@faye_tan OH i clicked on the &quot;reply to&quot; your Transformers review twittymajiggy, mana tau it replied to you in general. Omg lost "
"I need crediiiiit, how'd it run out so fast "
"@LiammTh - football training we done about 1 hour and half running then we do sumet to do with football ,  torture pal"
So early! 
"@kitchenwench take those bastards down, girl! it's rampant. makes me crazy too "
overslept for work  I was supposed to be up two hours ago.
I need $500 STAT. 
"@rachelbruce twitter seems to have cut off the url, getting a page not found "
@ReallyCookin your so lucky you get to see DC! I envy you.. I wish i leave in the US! i miss him!  tell him i said HI! haha!
gotta be in Moore back bright an early tommoz. Help me. I'm no Joh Bailey and i can't exactly gte my hair the way he did it 
Im at work 
@donicamuddy wheyyy you finally logged into this. Brilliant. It's actually pished down all week here btw 
Today is soo HOTTTT.. why must I need to wear clothing? 
"@wvancelia hahaha,enk bgttt vann lo uda ntnnnn!!!..gw msh ada exam bsk  tp its my last exam, abs itu gw mau ntn transformer2!, cant wait!"
going for the 8th time in search for a dress .. 
I lost my 5 dollar bill on my way to get my coffee this morning 
Two hours of sleep is never fun. 
@PerezHilton ummm...i don't think i like it purely because it's Heidi. Sorry Perez. 
I think I'm catching a cold 
@sudhamshu shoot... i cant find it in my history !  sowwie !
I think its happening again. 
so screwed for tmrws not funny  gnna cryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
this whole-wheat-grain bullshit is a sorry excuse for a bagel.. 
"They don't have a &quot;contact us&quot; section, just a whole load of useless FAQs. What a shitty week so far "
I want Marshmellow . 
@catplan touch screen one no bluetooth  or wifi. either. sucks!
"@AMDCares oops... A source told me that   Sorry AMD, I was being trolled. @firecatsue"
"@frichiela OH YESS JOSH DUHAMEL IS HOTT! i still haven't watched transformers 2, though "
"I'm at home and I'm still working. And tomorrow, I will wake up to go to work, to work, and to look forward to going home--working still. "
"People are playing pocker which I never know how to play it. Omg, it sucks! I'm craving for nasi goreng pak jangkung. Starviiiiiiiing "
Won't be able to go to Essence  What am I going to do instead?!?!?!?
work.hair.ericas graduation  cant believe shes graduatingggg!!!
gm...IM IN SO MUCH PAIN!!! I NEED MY GALLBLADDER REMOVED ASAP!!!!  
Not happy because I have to go work even with this rain. I wish I could stay home 
feels like crap and wishes she had a bucket of kfc chicken to feast on 
i don't feel any slight of happiness eventhough i'm turning 19 tomorrow 
@shefaly + from the other. I don't believe half of the things that come to light. How do we know what's the truth. This system is crazy. 
"would like to be out by the pool.  It is so warm out!  Instead, I am stuck at work "
"@laurenparadiso Gee, I wonder how many fans have left you Birthday cards &amp; greetings on MYSPACE that you have so thoughtlessly ignoredâ€¦? "
"Now has tortoises in his apartment, why couldn't he get trading turtles instead "
saying goodbye to Bob  Neighbours never fails to bring a tear to my eye!
@flowergirl_deb I hve yet to meet a cute doctor 
We're getting a lot of (understandable) questions about the whereabouts of MVGroup.org. Unfortunately we don't have any answers yet 
festival place is even more crappy after this week 
God how I hate getting up early 
Still without power 
@toriiiias I KNOW! and they were fighting! omg that would suck so baddddddddddd 
"just saw a lady have a fit, kids were crying, husband stickin a spoon in her mouth! my god dont people know basic first aid!! "
"@diannalouise Chill, we have this project on Monday eh. Really need to get the work done. I didn't even tell dad yet  I'll miss ya'll "
I'm so thankful for my job......but man I don't wanna be here. 
I dont wanna work today ...waaaaa 
"ugh, my Sidekick 3 isn't working!  it's not letting me on the internet."
My teeth hurt 
waah!! so bagal......... 
"@BryanSimon I know how that stuff goes though, I played WoW, tons of 70s during BC, got haxed. "
Feck. The weekend needs reconfiguring. No sweat lodge 
"@moospeakshere badtimes!! i've got to put away all of the stuff i brought home from uni, hoover the house, put washing on and so kitchen "
"@renabelle...um, why would you start on Saturday?!?  Boo!!!    Have fun in Dubai, though!  *Hugs*"
"Darn, just saw Barbara Walters on GMA and she gave the same info about Farrah Fawcett.  Was hoping it wasn't this close for her.  "
wishing i was at we wed.  off to see my blindingly expensive lawyer instead.  
Karaokee last night until 2330... Man that SGS crowd is crazy!  lol.  And then MBA discussion after   I tired...
Super pissed that I work till 11 on Friday! 
"@erinnaa that's quite true tho, but i can't go fast "
has to go to work 
A touch upset and annoyed at the fact that my 2 year old son has gone on a destructive rampage of which my fave things have fallen victim 
off transferring some of my knowledge to someone who should know this shite. Would be one thin if he was sexy hot and he's not 
@juicebreakfast No more take that ones then  xx
Ive got a crick in my neck! Great 
@Majestic76. He has me worried he hasn't tweeted in a few days 
It is way too early to be starting the day 
@KendraFallon what has happened?  you sound in need of seriously large supply of hugs and fuck the diet homemade cookies xxx
"I was forced to park my car properly, all for 45 seconds, when the person to be picked up is just in the lift. "
@loveisanexcuse nope 
"My internet is being really slow, that normally means it's about to run out   We have like a monthly limit..I hope I'm wrong.."
"Not had a smoke all day, need to go and convert my euros to Â£Â£ to actually buy fags though. Damn the post office being far away "
only 9 am and i already feel like i'm going to stroke out. today is kicking my ass 
@theSLaBeouf It's a shame  Sadface.
waaaaah!! i 4got to buy rubber shoes 4 P.E!! darn!! 
i just won something! i never win anything! still doesnt make up for Glastonbury though 
is afraid of the weather on sunday. maybe we have to put off the picnic ... 
@BenGP02  oh oh i meant steal oh my god would never eat a cat 
@faye_tan omg i feel lost  and i hear that twitter is the easiest thing around. omg dumb
http://twitpic.com/8d93a - i crave for company now 
@NilimaP yay!! On centre court right now but in the shade... Boo... No tan time 
Another day of heat  its so sticky and hot hot and its only 9am. It makes me just want to stay in the shower but thats no good either.
cammmp then work after 
@Leslie_P they had me mention the 30th as the last day so they don't have to pay me on bench  so looks like I will have some time off 
@wimjimjam gaaaah i replied but it didn't show up  naaw. I originally said...you have aircon 
@beacueva dont u know squids can feel it wen u cut em into little rings  EVEN WHEN THEIR DEAD.
@Emily0309   that aint good 
@diannao Sometimes the shock of fresh water or temperature changes can do them in.  
Maybe F.T. Island have arrive alr! But i'm at home.  - http://tweet.sg
@FLYY2DEF Why do i feel like i havent talked to u in forever??? 
@schutzsmith We didn't do stickers this year! Just buttons...sorry  #HOWconf
@TheSats I Really Wanted To Come Tonight!  Was Too Late To Get Tickets Though...Very Sad  Have A Fab Time Though xx
@theiphoneblog I still can't see it 
ugh im sick again 
Looking forward to going out sometime in the next year or so 
bored at homee 
@iamnessie I am sorry but I was sending that message out to alot of Nessie and I just got one back sooner then you replied I am sorry 
this is horrible ive been planing a trip for months and now its just all fucked up 
Why did I end up the topic of capital punishment to make a speech about? It's absolutely horrifying 
Dinosaur Jack is now headless 
Never sleeps well on Wednesday nights 
"last night was interesting. some people i cant wait to see the back off, others wish i got to know, and some ill really miss "
iPhone 3G S has turned up at last.. Can't play with my new toy until tonight though. 
Loving greece. Wish I had a camera on this phone so I could send a pic 
"@saintee1 Same here; work's done, but I can't leave til 4 "
neighbours is way too corny and way too sad today 
OMG my teacher told me that if I don't start submitting more assignments I'm gonna lose the privilege of doin class online 
@stephanya NOOOOO! get a car before me no fair  btw night im off to bed love you
@kjm_uk lol oh my your too much but i already have a boy who does that 
I can not run songbird 1.2 on Ubuntu!  Searching...
"I'm trying 2 figure out what to do with my hair. I have an asymetrical bob, so the back is pretty much all natural now. Not a good look. "
Drizzle and then heavy rain  good night. Time 4 sleep.
@Real_DavidCook you were fabulous last night! Already posted your pics on my facebook. come back VERY soon!!! I missed Avalanche though. 
Dang I slept rough...at work with a cramp in my neck and back 
feels like shit today! headache and upset stomach 
what a short night..this fucking flu  but yesterday was nice &lt;3&lt;3 great lovely day
ooooops. missed a button on my blouse.. a very important button i might add...   #embarassing.
i am unemployed about economic crises and i try to find new job...but it is not easy 
@vikaskumar  cudn find a perfect match 
"@jossmonson is that your hometown? Saw his story on the news, it made so so sad.  Praying for them."
@Talkmaster Sorry to hear about your dog.  
"the bike ride last night was kinda difficult, dunno why  i'm sitting at work. don't wanna be here. wish it was friiiiiiday!"
@JessieHr Does the farmer's market have produce now instead of just flowers? I should've gone yesterday. 
mommy's leaving tomorrow. 
@juliefaerie can I get a dedication too?! 
http://twitpic.com/8d96k - Great seats last night...sorry they lost 
@Kapplar Haha!  That's brilliant - soooo not fair! 
@LiverpoolFan74 I'm not sure what I am doing this weekend. Not at the moment I can't as my foot is still playing up 
is in weekapaug with alex but no beach 
Butterflies in my stomach-- I want to hate you but I can't 
"@ChantelleDaily Sorry,but wich Tweet?? xDD I forgott!! "
I hate drop down menus 
"is heading out to the office for her once-a-week visit. So, no PJs all day for me. "
@justflyhigh Dude that's so unfair! I feel bad for you 
@Smokegrey Not sure either..  Told him to get a checkup cause he has been having the symptons and skin was a tad yellow.
@IamJadedBeauty I'm sorry...  Did you tell them you have things you need to do?
Standing on the 'el platform ay 35th &amp; Archer - sweating - as an Orange line train runs express right by us 
I am extremely bored. 
@GARYVALENTINE omg its a songg silly! &amp; I wasn't being freaky jerk 
"I'm supposed 2 hav 26 pts. daily. Accordng 2 ths site Sue shared w/ me, I'd 45.5 points yesterday  http://trunc.it/kj1v"
is on his way to work and mad at his boo thang..... 
off today and it's supposed to rain wtf  just my luck
Really wish I could play pool that good when I'm sober 
sooooo sleepy.  Wishing I could go back to bed instead of being at work. 
Train smells of vomit 
@demetrisk Glad u enjoyed it. Ahhh I miss Gossip Girl  Bball went pretty well I find out on the weekend.
@xlolkevinlolx im supposed to hang with her soon. like go to the beach or somethin. idk haha. but yeah bitch you should've! 
Has a sore throat 
"@Macavitygal I still don't have time to play on it, maybe it's the one, hehe. I just need it for Paris trip. I actually prefer blackberry "
"I wish my work schedule would let me go to Ship this year. I'm sorry, @lorelle13 and @drelive.. I suck "
doesnt feel like workin today...just not in a good mood at all 
"I am working very hard, almost full day spending on Internet;P and it is very tiring  !!"
Morning. Can we say Hangoverrrrrrrrrrrrr! 
i miss you guys.... 
"Surprisingly, doing OK after late night with the ladies!  SIL still up when I got home, gone to work b/f I woke up...  "
says done reviewing...but still not feeling well...  http://plurk.com/p/13vn9x
Reese is going to the animal shelter today   just be smart about choices in the future like this
damn im fucking tired idk why either 
Need to get outside today. Atmosphere's a bit rarified in the house... 
My exchange sister just left on the plane for Poland. I am so sad 
SOMEBODY on the B83 smells like onions!!!! 
IT'S DRAFT DAY!!!! Yay for basketball talk today!!!! WOOT!!! WOOT!!! (Boo for being at work and not glued to the tv 
"@nathanblevins I do, too. But it's minimum 8 hour drive each way for me, and no time to drive it.  #Codestock"
Still at Work 
@JessicaSunner I won't go on vacation as well 
i miss you soo bad fellas 
"As much as I am looking forward to seeing @jessiemalakouti tonight, I wish I could get there without going on a packed hot train "
eff u allergies!! stay awayyyy pleaseeee  i wanna enjoy my time here! not sneeze myself into the next millenium.
Hoping to get a date from the DJ for our next fundraising effort. Lost his mobile number so hope he checks his email soon 
"@TecJohnson  Duskwood, but I have taken the last month off to work every waking hour  how bout you?"
"@mmm_gash oh god, jamie. Find a mirror, quick! You are ginger "
Didn't do t-tap this morning  pulled my back. Ugh.
i'm just wishing someone famous would tweet me 
@antondominique Yeah meron.  Some exam I dunno. Halfday. Pero sa Monday I think wala.
haven't got any inspiration for the new story  has anyone an idea? book title is: candle light music
my sore throat just got worse 
On my way to the park...feeling bad for helen sittin ther on her own  sori we're all late!
@china8978 eh....i dont wanna refollow 1000+ people  god damnit twitter you suck!
Getting ready to go into the video conference room for testing..I don't think my laptop is compatible though 
"UAAP Season 72 and UST Growling Tigers won't be the same without the Twin Towers, the Aussie boys, Jervy boi and Captain Japs. "
@gfalcone601 awww  you need a hot bath and a good Disney movie! Hope the day gets better for you xxx
@GeoffJohns0 that is mean man. u should not post mean thÄ±ngs about your friends on twitter 
"@freesavannah a great article sis, it's really explaining what happened this morning  at least they should take a lesson from it"
hopes i dont have strep &amp; my hubby can come take care of our baby boy 
I has a booboo. 
"@bianca_ox the money i had for the book i spent tonight hahaha.  i'll buy it tomorro during the lesson, i will be pissed if i dont use it"
@courtrex You're not 12 ? :0 im losing interest in you 
Why can't I get any work done? Such nice weather... I should be in Glastonbury right now  Maybe next year.
@rockstarsttm  Haha whatever. Awwwww. :-P  How come mrs deeeee cancelled training?? cos swine can spread through the air? -.-
"It's my birthday but is it a happy one? No, not yet anyway... maybe it will improve later on. *Waiting on texts* "
"wow, I have still yet to have a cup of tea "
@OPTIMUStik Im not laughing bxtch ass nigga. &lt;333333. and dont say that you love me either bcuz you DONT! 
Just found out she could have got another half hour of sleep. 
So currently people said they're gonna listen live tomorrow  @colossalblue? @BedlamB you should give it a go
"@davidandstuff I WANT TO COME!  When you get back, we're having a David/Cassie celebration of your birthday, ok??"
@michae44 I figured if the weather was bad all day it was at least going to be yucky soggy grass   sorry to hear!!!
So Sad of one of Jordan's IT company's Bank bankrupt 
@jkdodd I noticed that sale today. No cheap lumography cameras though. Regretting not picking one up for Â£20 when I was in Glasgow  .
"@_rachaelll no haaaaa, was it in that? I think I've lost my memory "
cleaning alllllllllllllllll day today 
Zoe sick today   We'll miss her ok the site.  She'll be taken care of by the red shirts.
So currently 2 people said they're gonna listen live tomorrow  @colossalblue? @BedlamB you should give it a go
Work till 545  
it lasts so fast 
spent 2 hours taking down baby's braids last night...now my fingers are cramped 
Can Transformers 2 really be as bad as the reviews are saying? Disappointing... 
Busting your ass....NO BUENO!!!!! 
"heading to work real quick, then off to the apt. its Julio's last day in town  my new best frann is leaving me. gah!"
"@TheJK banh for your buck is on hold, i don't have the time right now "
"it's only 11:12P, but my body thinks it's 6 in the AM. boo... "
i miss dance 
Ich hasse Internet Explorer. 
I want some catfish 
My phone does not receive incoming texts for the third time! 
@BellaEdwardFan2 no there is not a 5th one...i got sad when i finished the 4th one 
My eyes are so itchyyyy  I really don't want to work anymore this week I want it to be the weekend &lt;3
need some inspiration 
I want an iphone...BOOO to the blackberry..my one keeps fucking up every 5 minutes hmph! 
"@Graendal I'm doing statistics next year (...September, really...)  Bummer   I did a little this year though &amp; it wasn't too bad...or good"
I can't fall back asleep!!! UGH!!! -goes to lay down and close my eyes until I fall asleep again  -
Fuck everclear woke up with the worst stomach ache of my life  anyone have a quick fix?!
Anyone who doesn't believe in Global Warming should spend some time in Utah. We've had the most bi-polar weather this year...geez 
is in pain from my tat.  it hurts today.    i am sssssuuuuuuuuppppppppeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrr  grouchy this morning.
Okay after 2 hours 30 minutes of Amath tuition i am going to do more Amath now.  EEEEWWW
wake up serveral time in the morning - still have jet leg 
@kianann91 i cant make it this saturday !!  But can go together again other day. 
"@maryasutimi yeah! agree... i want to try it with edward.. but, unfortunately there's no edward cullen! he's robert pattinson "
"Thats it,break time over.Got2go bk2wk now. "
"@southwestboaz damn we got a slight problem!!!! I don't wear, nor own any of those items!!!  but I want a blue DS!!! lol"
"@ToureX Also: &quot; Unfortunately, Murphy refused the edgiest material offered to him: He'll no longer be playing his idol Richard Pryor...&quot; "
@RoseHale13 I know I look Horrible  Rose don't worry the rest of the family will be home soon.... I hope its sooner then we exspect!
"Ugh I'm soooo sick from allergies today. My head hurts, have a fever, can't stop sneezing, etc. I hope I feel better soon "
My last tweet? Sorry for the misspell. Didn't proof read. 
@beautifulblaque i saw that place on the way to the rent a car place 
"I'm getting ready to head down to Charlotte with Karla, but I really wish that I was heading home for my cousin's wedding this weekend. "
Going to the doctors now.. Hayfever has taken over my life!! 
The new alexisonfire makes me kind of sad...still going to give it a chance to grow on me 
@JecaDamato aw so sad that we can't  I work tomorrow all day
My feet hurt  butttt im still totally psyched about tonight!
@Skibble I'm still working from home &amp; shall be for the considerable future by the looks of it! 
@fifthand56th Thank you. I feel worse though 
@K8loulee stupid eBay/paypal...  xxxx
graduation 2day yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i cant wait.... missin  all my peeps already &lt;3 
Omg i have come across so many cute clothes today and ofc i cant go and spend all my money omg 
im going to prague on saturday. airport. im not flying away though 
@hiiikelci when? MISS YOU SUGA i havent seen you in a whileeeeee. ok it was the other day but thats still too long 
@jackiecameron1 It would be fab but I have a few things over the weekend that might not be moveable 
ugh more lost earnings while dealing with insurance company paperwork 
my brothers leaving for flordia...without me 
"No inspiration  But with some help I`ll manage, I hope!"
@MargoHay that sucks! 
So wishes I could have slept in today. 
too many outstanding to follow up  watch me die tmr.
"Had a heart-to-heart with someone last night, and it quite shocked me the stuff that got said. I wish id have been more honest before "
"Getting Lea ready for her day camp trip to Monterey. Wish I can go, too. "
@jeriellsworth Left flipper on my F-14 Tomcat stopped working..  Needs the Jeri touch.
@TyaraBee I went to hang with h.s friends  and we were all drinking &amp; my tolerance has gone dwn since I dnt drink so I was done off 
got so sick last night so i couldn't go to school today and it's also the last day. I got better in the morning but mom didnt let me go 
How am I supposed to sleep with this loud thunder?  My sleeping schedule is so fucked up... I had a very good night though. Thank you =]
@mmm_gash you can't be a black american ginger woman! It's just physically impossible 
OMJ! I want go to the JB concert in New Orleans! Is the Joe's birthday!!! 
Really wish I could fall back to sleep 
"got only one friend using twitter, so damn sad "
I wish the weather would stay like this..but instead it's going up to 100 and humid 
"@monutza que penÃ³s el meu anglÃ¨s... Que disfrutis dels 17, per molt lluny que siguis sempre et recordem. We miss you "
@ZeroOP revenge not so sweet he was gone b4 i came back out 
wonders if this feeling is chicken pox.... all over again  NOOOOOOOO.... !!!
@johanbruyneel Freeking outstanding flash intro on @TeamAstana website its time wish @hornerakg could have made it   http://trunc.it/lajl
@pitchforkmedia your eyewonderlabs imeem button on your website means I can't read the Jim James/George Harrison article - boo 
Is gettin ready for work 
@plentz Hmm...  a test comment I just did seemed to work fine.  
"I can't believe it...They actually love the PANIC dance?! Sorry to say that, but it's real disappointment "
im soooooo over this weather! 10 day forcast...thinderstroms NOOOO! my fam is visiting for the 1st time and its gonna rain everyday 
"@secret_thoughts I'm more than a bit stressed TBH. Too much work and not enough space between it, Mrs NH or small NH  "
just can't sunbathe on her own  I am really missing everyone at Uni right now... bring on the Girls holiday in Sept!!!
no class tomorrow... so excited! but as for now... gettin ready for class 
@howdomedia why cant i direct messaage you? 
I'm really tired. Almost falling asleep in Maths... 
going to pick up @killieboy97 from his last 3pm finish  &lt;33
we've re-submitted Commodore 64 for iPhone to Apple for review - hopefully all goes well. (via @manomio) &lt;- Sadly BASIC had to be removed 
I love the time after 6PM in office.U can play songs loud and no one cares at all. Hmm.. wait a sec oops i'm the only one here  #GetALife
back from summer morning workouts; feel the burnn... at 8 in the morning 
@abs1399 i got that email 2 but no dd around here 
We have been on waitlist since my son was 18 months - waited 3 years already and have only moved 100 spots on waitlist! We are 109 now 
"bummed that I might not be able to make it to glug tonight, was looking forward to illustrator/crafty people meet up "
@UzamakiJ Sorry for responding so late  Got a bit busy in studio Thanks for the song info too Our notes are weak even when music's strong!
another nightmare 
@ChronoHawk  what a great start.
Why can't I get any work done? Such nice weather... I should be in Glastonbury right now  Maybe next year. ohh.. http://tinyurl.com/mukblu
Phia. Inquirer wasn't delivered.  Had to run down to Frank's News.  A total of 7 minutes there and back.  I'm not 21 anymore 
"right, exercise time, then ironing. "
@kanaa evn megan fox wasnt that hot 
Stupid les got me sick and i feel like shit 
"@GodLovesIran No, I've been up all night.  I'll nap soon. My sleep is off. "
itÂ´s to rainy for the party that sucks 
@Emily0309 aww!  Some1 is giving away an English Pointer on CL. He's so cute 
Good morning...feelin a little Blah..My weekend starts on Thursday and of course that would be the day not to feel good   
"just got up AN HOUR TOO EARLY 'cause I'm a huge dumbass. all that potential sleep... gone, forever... "
@Boogaloo1 it's awful - felt such a dick. EVERYONE was pointing and laughing. Never felt such a silly sausage... 
"So far, i've asked @wynneprasetyo for Spore, @nanadnour @yhzkylryn for Bandung, @hellowinz for Sydney. I am on fire. Still long way to go "
"&lt;-- going to bed, very cold. also look like i have two black eyes. I'm so tired "
work at 11-6. 
Hallelujah for payday!! Although half my money is gone already 
"   From Gongwer OH Report, sounds like leadership still considering library cuts, not considering tax increases. #saveohiolibraries"
@_JAYsee @heykristi my girls!!!! my phone is broken so sorry if im not texting back  i miss you guys terribly.
"After a seven year or so absence, my hayfever's back - and with a bloody vengeance too. "
Does anyone want to buy me Taylor Swift tickets? I just want to take my sister. And I didn't win them on the radio. 
"@jennzahling I miss ya, too! My net connection sucked  DM me the # so I can txt ya! Sorry about earlier"
D: i can't fall back asleep. 
Is sick of proposing the same things since he started 
Today's plan: Shopping (: then off to the doctor (Lame..) 
My eyes are on the verge of falling out 
"stupid woman didn't hear me when i won  was twenty five quid as well, stupid cow"
@RycheRockinGirl haha Nothing sadly 
"@VicThompson Oh no! Hope you'll be ok, or is it too late for that? "
"Biologie, it is so much! Still interesting, but way to much "
&quot;Your application for press passes to Spinal Tap at Wembley Arena was declined on this occasion&quot; - This? it's THE only occasion. bahhh! 
"Thursday... wow, this week is crawwwwling by.  "
grrr fusterated. Everything in my house is breaking... 
I have to do something fÃ¼r school. school sucks! 
http://twitpic.com/8d9l4 - Great times at MOTM last night! Not feeling so good this morning 
"Not a good start. I just got stung by fire ants while trying to water my parched lawn. I've got to drive my mom today, so no benadryl. "
Okayyyy. I have to go. There's nothing to do with this computer. Might tweet with my phone. I think I might have insomnia again. 
http://twitpic.com/8d9la - Edited in a hurry. Sorry 
Time to go back to work again 
still waiting on a train ... 
says nanood ang mga nilalang ng passion of the Christ sa bahay  wala ako dun.. http://plurk.com/p/13vphk
i hate wakawaka! lose again 
@pylesa   Hopefully you can get a nap in today!
Awww poor guy  Jesus please touch his body
i can confirm that #spoonerist is alive - i just chatted to him on msn - but i don't know when he'll return to twitter 
Up and soo tired! I got surgery after work! Didn't sleep well at all 
Results back from Drs owen fine..my tests show no ovulation need to be tested again 
On the 9th of July IÂ´ve got my surgery   I canÂ´t do sports for an half year! :'( MAN IÂ´M GONNA DIE! *sigh*
wanna start work on an artistic masterpiece ...any ideas ???   
They killed off Santina....  
"had such good intentions this week, and didn't get to training once  just saw Wil at Qpac...nice guy...but not so funny as i thought..."
@Vanezzle pleaseee tell mee lo punya bb sayaaaang  we need alotta chat add my pin!!!
@djdlux1 sounds like an awesome way to start the day! 
Needs to fall asleep early today 
@FueltheFighter No  The funds didn't materialize in time to make that appearance at the Fan Expo 
@sadekhm I can't  we've to go to the opera for her rehearsal 
Feels so bored. I cant use the com  - http://tweet.sg
@canceranswer i think that the house and senate will screw his vision up anyway. I have no confidence in them 
just came back from jogging; i need a work-out partner. i felt so lonely 
I feel so helpless without my iPhone.   Damn me forgetting it!
Note: don't sleep with a fan on 100 blowing in you're face... U will wake up and realize u need to go buy meds cause your sick 
@nickthevortex good luck with the tour!I cant make it to dunfermline  but hope to catch yous in Edinburgh or Glasgow soon!gonna B mega!
"cant believed when i sneezed this morning,my back tweeked! &amp; now it hurts "
my pen leaked all over 
finally i have received my zipper wirstlet and i haven't mail out the money yet to the blogshop as i mailed wrongly 
"Holy crap. Back from S'pore, pregnant with huge food baby. Will miss Milo Dinosaur   "
I have the largest headache known to man. If I'm not better by sunday I can kiss warped goodbye 
remember someone's words &quot;stop acting like ure strong from those shits.i know ure fragile&quot; AARGG 
srsly CUTE SUMMER DRESSES EVERYWHERE OMG   
Note to all: Shazam iPhone app does not pick up songs sung by a human. Shame  (I know there are apps that do though)
in class...bored 
i got called a stupid whore from a random 40 yr old gay guy today... 
if that would work like a charm...OH MY GOSH!! My life would be so perfect â™¥â™¥ but it's so implausibly 
Mornin Twitter Fam! Soo tired from lastnite 
@rachelbryson   any time you have one of those you should call and run it by someone first! Love u!
I'll try and solve this now. 
@kayotickitchen ... I crushed my camera so I will see what I can do. The zoom is not all that great now 
@Alexmilway I've been wondering this myself!  That and Creationist &quot;Museums&quot;.....omfg.
"Had a scary dream bugs were crawling all over me, therefore, I couldn't sleep!!  sleepy today!!"
"@DwightHoward good luck to ur friends!!! Cant wait for the draft, mad chicago is at the bottom of the totem pole tho "
ugh. I don't like mornings.. 
"Working again  had a good one last nite tho, new trike build took it's first problem free test flight  awesome "
(( idk when will my mom finish cooking *delayed due to out of gas* gaah it's already 9.20  ))
@Olkaaaaa yep! its 10:18 AM here i work til 17:00! (5PM) lol 
she is now touring some place in uk -- talking about food  no far!!!
"my two friends who moved to London a few months ago have to move back to SF. Their situation echoes mine, only without the school stuff. "
Had a horrible nightmare last night about my children - ugh - ... I need to shake it off! 
Mom just came to me w/ another ruined (at least torn) sweater. What the heck is happening to them in the wash?! I love my sweaters 
Injured shoulder at gym yesterday 
"God, I could cry.... "
@beezandhoney: right before I left u tweeted about transformers so I assumed u were out w peeps. 
"Did I offend anyone? Forgive me as I have no common sense. I am a rude girl, sorry "
@JodiAlbert Aww sending you many hugs sweety!  Is it not better at all with what u did last night? I hope it'll b fine quickly.take care x
cheapest tix on ebay are $218  i hate scalpers!!
@vellvegas  lol how are you? what did you bring me back from Italy ;-)
....that cup of coffee did not work this morning 
"@nuttia It is interesting, depressing though. Plus when I wrote that I was seeing all the stuff about Megan Fox   the oh so hot"
i lost my pot  i had to ditch it in the woods cause i almost got caught. im gunna go back and look for it soon.
struggling to stay awake.. don't know why...? 
"@earthtobella ok, well i actually just got another interview for this evening.. wont be able to make it! "
@sundotshine What happened to plan A? 
"@epiphanygirl has shouted every city  and town that she's been on tour to, but she was in Philly on Wednesday and we aint get no twit luv "
"cs4 has failed, going back to cs3 "
I gotta go now.  I`ll sleep early today. No cable. ((( I even know why. :| ugh. Goodnight Twitterland. Dream of me. 8-&gt;
@ParisTennille why u dont follow me ?? 
@Georgiee120193 Haha it wasn't a date. Didn't go! What illness do you have  x
@harpomaxx me too 
@OPTIMUStik You're a liar babe 
"Sorry, got my wires crossed.  It actually starts today.  Queens of the Stoneage today, Doves tomorrow, Brucie on Sat  Poor Emma B"
is wondering why his 2 year old daughter's blood sugar dropped so low again last night. 41 is too low.   
I think I am getting sick 
"hoping the lab yeast undergoes some kind of miraculous growth spurt in the next two hours, otherwise no pub science for me "
Having a crappy morning so far 
feels very down rn 
why can I not seem to get up/get to work on time?    it upsets me.
http://twitpic.com/8d9rg - I am going to miss this view 
"Wtf, I must be really ugly or funny looking because I can't make any friends here my own age.  self-esteem -10"
@Emily0309 yeah   definitely not the right time   if it were I would take him in a heartbeat. He's white but from his collar up is brown
just woke up and i dont kno why im up this early...work today from 1 to 5 boo 
don't know how many pain killers i've took today but my sore head and throat won't budge 
@sxxxh I want coffee too  Imma go tomorrow. Omg I wanna go to that Booklovers place in Canno on Albany Hwy. I LOVE books! Coincidence??
i have to wait till saterday to watch trancformers cuz it alredy started and the next show is at 5 and ends 9 
Working it !!!!!!!! Time of departure not sure 
@brooklynbabs Miss you too  LOOOOOVVVE the pic!!! Super HOT!!!
"Good morning. My rash is down to a category 3. So, we're making progress. It's going to be pretty hot today. I hate wearing sun screen. "
Getting ready to go to class and learn some perms 
@ematty I did not have the man controller. Had to watch Lou Diamond take the jungle crown. 
@Myasis_Dragon these are street-wise house-mice! urban little shits! they are clever  traps used to work now they have got wise!
Homework 
@Sarahjaynee its so expensiveee 
"@Jadynmaria ps. I wrote you a message on myspace too ;) But you didnt wrote me yet   Much Love,xoxoâ™¥Alma"
was asked to go home 
@darshanr this junk twitter mobile app doesn't show up DM 
off to the doctors 
@TheSats Which channel is it on on youtube ?? can't believe i missed it!!   xx
Finished reading the Farseer trilogy earlier. Despite reading it three times before it still makes me sob like a child at the end 
@yoonkit Why you abusing poor @gier on Twitterverse 
doing homework  BOOO!
"is up loading pictures 2 my facebook! 2hrs later and am still doing it, how shits that  talk about take the piss!!! sort it OUT fb!"
damn weather. I wanted to go to Yeovil on bike.. Looks like its car all the way 
Has Just Came Home From New York And Wants To Go Back Sooo Much  x
I'm going to lay down in the fetal position until it's over 
I wish my nicholas russell was here!  I don't wanna get my blood drawn!
blah!! I'm awake....an hour early 
the pic with rob i look terrible in so i'm not posting it!! 
@newjack that drop the lime mix album was terrible 
"Ehhh, I've been squeaking all day, and have to cancel the Ram tonight  Its open mic so its okay."
"@podnosh warm? We're f'ing melting here! got about 15 PCs, 20 screens, 2 big LCDs, and 2 printers in a room with no AC  28c so far"
"i could have been staying at the apartment of my cute sk8erboy friend one month from now. (in case my tenses sound wrong, they're not)  "
@lepetitvagabond I wish ;-( unfortunately it's my ass ballooning 
work today 
@salonikas ah.. now u're living upto expectations.. am sure theres a word for it but i cant reme right now  #fail
"Last assignment done. I so fail at things. Seemingly irrevocably at uni.  I don't know what to do. Holidays now, though &lt;3"
@_MissMacy_  Dezi was born with leg problems. She's having her knees redone and bars put in her femurs  the other is just a cat declaw.
 I slept for maybe an hour or two...even though i tried so hard to fall asleep cause i need my rest.
"misses pekak buddy so much , we've not been spending time together  http://plurk.com/p/13vqxf"
presently at college -working hard but have to go to dentist this pm 
"says due to our cravings,@ozygo and i ran 2d ice cream parlor only to catch its closing sign.  went to yingy... http://plurk.com/p/13vqzg"
im Sick  *cough*
@BentoSet very bad lah you... 
@annat314 how exciting! Mine's on backorder till next week 
A friend just had her house broken into and ransacked. It's also her Birthday today  What a day to feel violated
This humidity is making my hair look so beautiful today 
v.annoyed at domain parkers holding domain names I want to ransom 
Good Morning ! -Im praying that my peoples come home today ! I miss them so much ! 
@DarthMolen That's too bad  I'll take lots of pictures and will post them!
good times @ the sands! haha.. time 4 work now 
"@Herman0705 Congratulations! This summer I move to Zwolle, and in august Ill go to london for a weekend... that is "
"just met mamat 10 minutes ago only about 10 second,haven't met him in 2 days "
Wishes tucker was on lineeeee 
2 hour video confrence with the sales in Holland. An International group of people whith a lot of cultural differences 
@articehazel I'm already down here mamas!! Im workn though 
"@Chookooloonks Heeey!, you can get halal, vegetarian Indian food at the side of the Road! and that's why we L-O-V-E T&amp;T (minus crime "
@Spidersamm; may i ask; your tweet ' FUCK YOU BITCH  im goingg' whats the matter beautiful
Steve Jobs called &quot;perishable asset&quot; 4 Apple by NPR. Cold way 2 refer 2 some1 who's been so sick  http://myloc.me/5Amf
@ashleno @RylandWebb  i really wanna go... but i needa save money for schoolies + formal 
I'm back. The weather's so hot. 
@Mr_Marty Gahhh im tryin to but i dont et paid till next wednesday and the earliest i can order is saturday 
Feeling icky today. 
just woke up and my eyes are so red  i hate allergies.
@DnateMars Yikes! That's early 
"good news cancer free, bad news mri might have triggered rsd problem in right ribs and car was broken into and they took everything "
It felt so real!  It was terrifying.
@FiveThumbsDown Couldn't be happier. Just watched 3 episodes in a row. Only 3 left before I run out of new ones until March next year 
"do i start using tumblr or buzznet? @ me and tell me!! i cant decide  also, whatever i decide to use, y'all have to add me xo"
Has eaten out so much this week. But just sonic... Disappointing tho. 
"@kreidekreis Lol! Well, I'm working on the tits at the moment. It could take some time though... "
Slightly jealous of everyone at Alton Towers today too. Would much rather be there than stuck in lousy work. NEED MONEY THOUGH    
I hate waking up early to go to the dentist 
Working again today  God i wanna be out with the sun!!!
"@LaLaLaLaLemon I know right, poor me been tryin to get friended for like ever "
@cathyanne ohhh missed the the interview 
Lots of painting done but tip of the iceberg!  Hadn't realised just how shabby this house had got 
"Oh my god, i can't believe it Shaq in Ohio "
All seven kittens are still missing. I just hope nothing bad happened to my babies 
@bellissimatina i am alphbetizing at work....whoo.  
@Agt2690 yeah they are developing sattilite ones too am sure they will reach your shores soon enough 
I am throughly incapable of sleep... 
I finally made it to work. 26 hours awake! I didn't have time to get my 5 hour energy drink.  This will not be a good morning!
"I am awake w/ laptop in lap, on bed. Tired! Exhausted! Did not sleep, AGAIN. And laptop is making really BAD sounds "
"Sigh, need to study later.  But i'm going to sleep first and wake up at 11pm!"
@habereet never. :-D Unfortunately the last reply you gave RE health care reform was correct. I just don't have $60+ to give to my doc! 
wishes she wasnt hitting so many butterflies...my windshield is covered in glitter 
Man when I get home I'm just not sleepy any more 
Tired... Need to unwind but not alone 
 Doing my Chem 16 Pre-lab. (
No more BBQ!  It was really popular!!
@MikeHollows lucky you go to work for me 
Day in the Life... 8am client warming up... Breakfast was vury small  T- 30 mins to hunger!
@ionickeith my skype: james.elford . My dad managed to break a shitload of plates and things (including one of Iona's 
@aalaap exactly leave the transport out! I am tlaking about going there.. the evening shit! And a place to find out where i can crash 
MISSES JULIE ALREADY!  &lt;3
Its 8am and my body won't function. 
"Got finish feeding my Cowâ€? cowâ€? and my sibearen husky. Both amazing and big dogs, who jest, happen to be shedding all on my close lol "
@johanbruyneel Why no Horner? 
my doctor sucks ass. still no fucking diagnosis  and all he gave me was co-codamol. iv been given that everytime iv went  bastardss.
Why is it that I still wake up sooo early on my day off?!?! All I want to do is sleep 
"with new website launch, myspace and cafe press sites are a mess  bear with me as we get everything fixed! www.carlyphillips.com"
Is really gonna miss Dr. B. He will be my hardest goodbye 
upset! ii had my whole day PLANNED n now ii have to work 
IM FREAKING DYING WITHOUT YOU @BELEN_OBANDO!!!!!!  
@Quby [~~~ hey 
@sav_annah omfg yess awww!! i love them soo much they are sooo cute! but im really devo they aint comming 2 perth for sway sway 
@darrennewmark rubbish - I think I actually have a cold now  I might see if I can get those from the quacks then if they are working!
@Ms_Dynamite  me too the weather is banging!! but im stuck in the officew at work ...  x
Having a great time at toonz academy also busy 
"Never made it to a tweetup here in Erie.   Happy Day to all the Erie and Denver and Boulder tweeps, &amp; those in-between."
Why did I wake up thinking today was Friday??  Only to find out its not!  
"@JelliBeen92 haha, do I get to call you Ash? I tried to find out about Garbo for you but couldn't sorry  And I just finished my fic "
@EdgeVA Thanks for mentioning my blog post.  I'm trying to follow you too but isn't going well.    will keep trying.
@southwestboaz oooooooh shoot!!! I don't have a snowballs chance in hell!!!! 
Got my egg &amp; cheese but not time 4 sports center 
is drinking my coffee...tryna wake up.  i just want to lay in the sun today.  stuck in this office tho 
@lovesituation   
@Tammypcd I want to go too  but I can't afford a ticket right now. Sob sob
1 day of college left  - hmmm what am i going to do next? i guess chillin in yando sounds like a good occupation
i need holiday...   
@MsA1sinceday1 forgot about me  lol
I'm not sure why I bother fixing my hair in the summer. The second I leave the house it's going to friz! 
"@MaryRincon its mystery disease, i'm negative for both swine and strep. Docs said to just stick it out "
"I miss L.A!!! And I miss my aunt!!!!And Carlos, The Grove, VS, Jambo Juice; Sushi, eeeveeerything!!!!    "
off today....but gotta mow the grass n get mad otha shit done.....missin my baby 
"@TamsinEmillie yay, kill me now  I dispize working at freshies it's just a dead end job in a crappy town, I hope currys calls me soon"
"hates AOL, why does it always take like 15 minutes to get connected "
@wizzo_cracc but i didnt 
says  :'-( (tears) ... http://plurk.com/p/13vry5
"Feeding my CHowâ€? chowâ€? and my Sibearen Husky. Both amazing and big dogs, who jest, happen to be shedding all on my close lol "
been taking flight every night this week...i miss the bonding tho 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone! I'm stuck at work  but I'm enjoying the weather outside right now!
Kinda mad I put an hour in the meter when that took every bit of 5 minutes 
"really really hoping I stand a chance... I so neeeeed a new job, 14 days with 1 day off just isn't on "
"@thatGAgirl Good mornting  Sisterrr, I still don't get any @ reply notifications! *pout* fix iiiiit "
@schultzie86  say hi to bethany for me!
uh im at wilby high skool it SOOOO boring and its summer... i hav to go to my moms work on summer vaca.. WTF   
I MIGHT NOT BE ABLE TO GO TO JAKIL! i don't want to be ill 
I'm a little bummed that several people who really wanted to attend the minireunion are not able to make it. 
i could really go for a mango boba smoothie right now... too bad the closest one would be in raleigh 
@nikkipete1 yeh  also got my braces off 8 or 10 years ago and now i have to go through invisalign!
@CoreyCreed: sorry to hear that  r u getting any better now?
@saratoga Overslept today and forgot Sandman!   I'll bring it tomorrow.
"Good Morningggg! sitting trying to wake up with my coffee, reading ash's twitter and i feel so bad for her, she seems so tired  ily ash"
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!! to viciandoo  rs
nobody knows this but me but my underwear and my shirt totally clash and it's driving me insane.  
"Studying CLE. Didn't do my English homework yet. Oh, and my computer homework is half way done. "
@LttleSnowflakes I'd like one of those too but it's definitely not in the budget 
Take a break from work. It's hot outside and i have to work 
my iPhone just flip out while trying to update it to the new software....I have to reset it now 
ran out the door without saying goodbye or my phone. 
Just discovered Pepsi RAW....  is horrid.  
@xCUPCAK3x probably everyone is. 
"@JessObsess Yeah, but I think he's too young for a serious relationship "
"@alexislyon The button-up shirt and pants are easy for me, but as for not saying #thatswhatshesaid too much... I just can't do that. "
"@sarahlinley me, I was officially the only one who bothered to participate, I lost 7 pounds, but I think I've put a couple back on since! "
my friend's dad's funeral is today 
This is not good... 
My dear Monica Will R.I.P. 
@greenspongebob thanks &lt;3  i'm about to do my homework! but i'm so sleepy   so what's up ? what time is it now in the UK ?
The torture of driving school begins!!! Lol.  Why do they have class so early in the morning?! DURING MY SUMMER!!!
@archipotle  thanks sammi 
@MissPear I hear ya. I can't sleep either. Fucking sun. 
@jjeb a las 5? :S 
"I want a iphone or blackberry!! and a new ipod, because my ipod is doesn't work "
"we wanted 2 show up as a family. so, we waited. by the time he arrived, we had only an hr left &amp; his booth was sold 2 some other partiers "
"Headed to wk, don't want to...I'd rather be at home "
Getting ready... Then dentist appointment. 
@SemperFidelisTX I would love 2b able 2 practice 4x a week! Don't know NE1 2 shoot with here while Terry is deployed 
@Lizzy519 yeah...been up since 4:30 this morn...this sucks. 
Damn hungry and i1o on my way to the base first time going to the gym there since josh 
@narcolepticjy My sentiments exactly 
"No money, more paperwork "
@kacekoga thanx....i really don't wanna go tho 
"@TOPhenyx If no one else has told you, I will. That photo is FIRE!!!... no luck on Essence work "
Sims 3 is taking over my life 
"Oh no!  My favorite coffee shop - Hill of Beans in Durant, IA - is closing July 25th!  "
is sitting at breakfast with my students. Everyone is so busy studying that they don't have time to talk to me 
"Sick and don't want to work another 3 days in a row, but yes I need the money. "
"@MskunkoLPs Yea, don't listen to him about Twitter. I don't act a thing like I do in my videos on here. I come here for help a lot. "
@RodneyQuarcoo not yet my internet has been a bit spotty these past few days..i'm stuck downloading at 2kBs.... 
i wish i cud cry...fall upon my knees....find a way to lie...  all because my whole work of last week was logically flawed!!
"She wanted love, I taste of blood, She bit my lip and drank my war from years before. Listening to AFI, miss them mucho!! "
@MelissaEGilbert Sorry to hear that. 
@eldeethedon cool. DM me your naija number make I holla @ you. Wish I was at the reunion this year... damn this FG work. 
@brittni53 HAVE FUN AT WORK!  I'm at work too 
"thought the heater was on, making her room delicious, but returned to an ice cave  DAMN WINTER!"
weather is great and I have to sit at work  .... but got my hotel voucher today - London Baby !! *happy*
@whoissuresh Sat prayers for Farrah Fawcett she is in critical condition in hospital w/ family at her bedside &amp; was given her last rites 
"Numbing has gone, feel really sore now, when i open my mouth i can feel my stitches tug "
@thewince @stephenbarber Just had first smoke since Sunday. Bronchial tubes wish I'd read your status update first Stephen   #'kingtabs
@ms_tinamarie Nope! Couldn't find it and I went to the 3 Borders and 1 Barnes &amp; Noble around my house. 
@alexalltimelow I'm sick  keep me company tweet all day so I have something to do!
is over worked today already.... 
Im at work wishing i was behind a mic on stage in front of a soldout arena. 
@DJSuperDre    I do wish I had seen this before I got my morning fill.  Red Eye sounds so good now.
My heart is Broken  but GO CaVS... Have to follow my baby!!! ;) #32
"Morning all, busy fucking morning at work, missing a lot. "
goodmorning to all! i miss my cali people! 
@yungfr3sh718 lol .. I'm up nowww but I can't go to 106 todayy sorry 
Waking up early just gives me more time to stress about this fall..  I wanna go to Hammond 
i don't want to go to school yet! stupid typhoon.! it's gone when you just need it to stop classes! i don't wanna loose you! don't go. 
SHET! School at 8am tomorrow! :| ayyyyy 
"@Les_Lie I know, I know. Will have to hit a clinic after work. "
"Walked out of Transformers last night. Seriously, dont waste your time. Such a disappointment.  I loved the first one."
@qwan84 Bear!!!...I wanna go home...I'm not feelng too hot right now 
@ayeshabilqis hahahahahahahahaha i cant get enough of jimmy 
college dont do a music course 
"off work sick  get to watch all my sky+ stuff though watching a film with @ddlovato &amp; @selenagomez in, so far so good. xoxo"
@sladner clever but I think it's oDesk doing it not the market. They'll get what they pay for- low quality work. Maybe that's the point 
Boys are silly 
"@_anea The purple bugger from Naxx?  I want, desperately.  Too bad they're all 81 and thus you can't tame them til the next xpac.  "
@StephenLacy Payday tomorrow - think I'll be making a dental appointment.... 
"@phill600 Birmingham city cener, and all over the city really  working "
Input Textfields in #papervision3d not working 
"@MarkByrd I ate that Jerk yesterday, lol "
@vanewpc I'm Jealous once again...  i think i'm going to relocate lol
manual entry  - working as usual nothing too interesting today - but real busy
here at rita's. gettin ready then i dk what? i miss sammy 
just won VIP pass to Warped tour..but only one!  Have to leave my hubby to go up onstage?
"Some biatch stepped on my flip-flop and didn't even apologize. Now my shoe just flops, no more flip. "
working today. getting a cold  boo
i miss my hubs  http://plurk.com/p/13vsxf
@viveksingh ive been getting 10-15 spam daily from my own email address. cant even filter it or no chats etc get saved 
@justice911 Ohhhh  now now mr justice...ignoring me isn't very nice....
@KosMoney Awwww!  I know what you mean! Except when I was sick I wasn't in good spirits. I was miserable..lol.
"Not a good idea, but creating problems out of nothing "
Don't feel well  want my bed x
Williams match over and @andyroddick is up next and I have to go out in a few  and the Del Potro Hewitt match looks to be a good one
Late for work today. Thanks @rrenna 
oh ... MatsuJun &amp; Aiba didnt get d parfait looking thing. 
Been out for a really nice walk  lots of bugs though  but who cares about bugs cos the sun is out yippppeeeeee 
Missing Jose already. 
"Filming over, didn't really enjoy it at all "
Sigh. Javascript and HTML are not my friends today.   Bah.
Crap I'm working all day sat/sunday I bet it's going to be a sunny weekend 
"so....the politics is over for another session. And I desperately need to be taken dancing by Charlie until 6am. Alas, she is in Sydney. "
urgh! didnt watch gossipgurl last tuesday! darn! 
"Oh dear, new car badly scrathed and NOT by me thank goodness.  Feel sorry for husband as he didn't do it either.  "
@MDlovesJK I was wondering why you change your avatar on Twitter I hope Jordan is OK 
My back hurts 
At the densit again 
Boyfriend is now in TTSH 
Blazer has no juice...need to get it to the shop by tonight or else might not be able to go downtown tomorrow for meetings 
Super lonely &amp; depressed atm 
@STREETGODDESS I didn't jinx u luv I WARNED you  hope u feel better
"@Natasja_Cupcake @ODTclairey77 I think if I took that quiz, I would FAIL. I'll have to wait til I get home though because it's blocked "
"You know when you just know this month has been an absolute shitter, when a great memeber of staff  breaks her collar bone "
"Feel like crap this morning, want to go back to bed, but dang it, I have to work! "
@Ashley_Cashen Yes! I have to see you before you leave the region 
@Ashley_Cashen Yes! I have to see you before you leave the region 
@mj_santos Sorry 2 hear about your experience  ..btw can I personally invite u 2 B featured in my new biz book? You have a great bio!
i just scared my dog so BAD!. haha. and still sad. 
awesome guy.. i couldn't give up the luxuries of my life. I love handbags  http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/25/world/asia/25kashmir.html
today i found out that i can actually get onto twitter on my phone... then it sadly didnt work. screw you 
Pain in my half head  Half is Alright
@MiniShe21 oh poor erica.. That's gonna be me tonight 
"@Mia_R I'm going home on Sunday morning. I'm off til July 9, YAY!! However, I'd be in Tarlac by the time of the livechat. NO Internet! "
been a bit slow on the twitter updates over the past 10 days or so. feel like i've been working 24 hours a day over that time 
Missing my Breezy and @missdudley! 
@FollowTheLeah I know right? But it was the babysitter that left her so she probably didn't even care 
@KyleTurnsOut oh! That felt like a burn... It was 
@MrBoutique but my fam  from brooklyn came up 
"@lucecannon: Not raining in New Malden. Stuck in the office, though "
@Jezriyah what a tease 
Today is a SHAQTASTIC day except for my gf gettin charged $40 for nothin sorry baby  but hope you have a SHAQTASTIC day at home lol
"@ladyofthelake69 lol, I always have the same problem. When I cook its always for several people...but I eat all alone...uhoh "
"@ShesElectric_ lol...nice n sunny,but bloody windy eh! "
One more day of Summer Session 1!!! Summer Session 2 starts Monday 
i'm sooo bored.  listening to some K-pop goodness for a while. haha. ;)
What really sucks: taking a vitamin without food ahhh 
@Chalker91 but i like the sticky out bits. 
@johngriffiths7 thanks God to hear you're ok! Heard of what happened 
@TheSats awesome performance on LW. Wish I could come see you in Brighton as I'm a brighton boy alas I have work 
"just woke up, a lot of things to do. shit huh? i rather be sleepin "
First time I didn't have time  to finish the test 
So not having a good day 
@svanelli Are there any new cool games for the Wii?  I haven't played the Wii in ages 
Someone tried to hijack my twitter! Forced to make a new pw and think a spider bit me. Again and still no powers just a trip to ER 
@nikkipete1 thanks - im totally freaking out. neeeever had teeth problems before 
Steven's last day in Columbia. 
Ran 5 avenues for the sale. Long line 
On the phone with Vinh. Goodnight.  http://plurk.com/p/13vttm
@SurreySteve i dont do cars only computers's  off to see a very nice man in a garage 
@chaotic4life Why does Michael have so few votes? I almost feel like I should register just to vote for him. 
@WishingStar morning sister!!!!!! Im really pissed u won't b here 4 my bday. WTF  think im gonna go to ATL w/ reniya....hmm
Taverna Opa! was DELICIOUS. I reallllly need to get back to running again. Miami is on a mission to make me pleasantly plump. 
just had a coffee then a strong tea and yet sleepy now !! 
day 1 complete something light tho.....am a beast watch me roar lol am stupid shower flo then work 
@cybrgrl I got up at 2:30 AM to check PersianKiwi and Oxfordgirl.  PK off the air still   but Oxfordgirl is back.
"@znoby We effing heart you, for real. Now I'd effing heart you more if you told me whats going on wid that new album. I'm losing patience "
Today is going to be a very long day 
@princess_charl Yeah  It's not the same without them :'( No need for us to go into Llanelli City Centre now which is a shame 
grey's anatomy is making me cry 
You have been rate limited. Enhance your calm.#fail 
@cookiedorksx3 me more really  are you on?? pleas be on? iluu
@Jannabee that's too bad   Did you have to stay home from work?
Not even 9:30 AM &amp; I already have a headache   can I get worker's comp?
@tititititit ouch! stiff neck. 
@suewaters Sorry your traveling is chaotic  If u have any ?s feel free to ask. I hope advice helped!
"Dear Louise Rennison, pls to be writing more Georgia. *begs* Am so bereft knowing that was the last one "
I should've taken cough syrup this morning!! I don't even have it with me. Hacking up a storm. 
bDule crashes often... and now does not connect to fb anymore 
is optimus prime going to die?????? 
I'd rather be asleep 
"Car's in the shop, left my ID badge in the car, so no breakfast / lunch for me.    Maybe I can talk someone into going out for lunch."
@StarrGazr Finally! My parents visited me in NH for a week and the sun came out for about 27 minutes the whole time 
Waking up is hard to do today 
Awake. Getting ready to go to CSUF. Still coughing my life up. And I'm freezing 
up too dmn early. 
@jisliteskinded Clothing will be optional at DC Carnival this weekend.  Too bad I can't go 
Headache...ouch 
"and now another friend's mum has taken a turn for the worse  life is so cruel, especially cancer "
grounded 
Wondering where the sun has gone?! I was going to sunbathe with a book in the garden.  Might go and do it anyway...
"Oliva Munn is in playboy, but tragically she is not nude.   :    "
MEDS GOT ME DROWSY  BOUT TO GET ME A NEW PHONE ASAP CANT WRK STILL GET PAID BLESSING I THANK GOD 
There's nothing on TV this early in the morning. 
"@afairfield Gosh, according to that cause-marketing article it seems like a scam IF prices are being raised to offset costs "
"Problem 1 I think I can work with. Problem 2, not so sure. "
"@JessObsess Yeah, it is  It's pretty sad how Brendon is Sarahs rebound, since her and Jeremy JUST split up when they started dating :/"
"fuck life, wish i was wid u babe&lt;3&lt;3 xoxox i miss u ttttttto much "
has not had nookie for a while........ 
Looking at new features of Turnitin. Sadly no batch download of originality reports yet 
off to dentist appointment due to broken in half tooth yesterday 
Really enjoyed TFS &amp; really wants to go back 
I'm getting kinda frustrated being the person who knows how things work but can't explain it in laypersons' terms to anyone else. 
Need to stop pro-frickin-crastinating now. 
Good Morning Pittsburgh!!  Its rediculously hot and humid already... i'm not excited  #trackle
got my school schedule already for next year  my last day of classes is may 26 and i graduate june 14  high school went by way too fast!
"@LOVEFiLM whereas I also have the Blu-Ray version as well.  Even with different lists, I've mixed up too many of the same titles.. "
is looking forward to sleeping in her own bed tonight but wish sam was with her 
"tired, not feeling so hot. "
@SteveBFW I guess that is the only way it will pick up my Outlook email too.  
9 hrs power cut already today and the day has not yet ended  #fb
I dont know what i've to do. I miss Sam 
"It is a beautiful day in Roanoke. However, I'm stuck in the office. "
is having a bad day already. 
Stop and shop  this should be interesting. Dealing with bitches and old people on 2 hrs sleep
"@slhilbert  oh, I don't know, you're in good company, after all, the mothership hasn't fared too well since that upgrade either "
@officialmgnfox http://twitpic.com/8d79j - Condolences for your cat .. 
Just woke up and i miss alexis  not cool 
just woke up. feelin meh  so wake and bake. to make me feel less sucky. *cough JBAZZLE*
@yoyoyokatty how insane was fatboy slim? No one wanted ro go with me I was so down 
@Zounja ka son! aku disuruh tidur kmrn. i was waiting for ur reply for several minutes but theres no answer  HAHA bikin rendang susah!
"@andrewrabon Had I known all this before I would have invited you to go w/Matt &amp; I to the live NY show 2wks ago, "
ok going 2 bed now......have 2 watch my friends surf while i sit on the beach by myslef 
Ortho appt at 11:30. my grandmother is taking me...  yikes. Martin just woke me up; i wish he didnt.  &lt;Tilt-a-wirl FTW!&gt;
"I've been hearing too much ambulance and police sirens along PIE next to my house. Fellow Singaporeans, are you all ok? "
what am i going to name my blog? My first and lastname were already taken 
Sore throat 
"I really wanna go to the pool today, but I have work to do "
"I make one comment about girls liking muscles, puppies, and money... and my co-workers never let me forget it. "
"hopefully reality will kick in and i will pick up a book.  so many excuses, so many miles away."
"4.5 today followed by a sweet new license picture, not under 21 anymore "
I had a crazy dream that Texas lost 11-4. SI.com confirmed it  
@MaliciousMal I hear now that @dinalohan is an impostor though.. 
"@saturrrday i think im gonna, it seems easier but i want a funky page, im not good at that html shit "
"Blacktown was alright tonight, josh is a sly dog haha, missing my ally "
@THE_REAL_SHAQ u leaving Phoenix! NO! 
@1baronjennyson I really want to but with no money and time (I'm leaving for a two week vacation this Sun) it looks like no Otakon for me 
ARGH I KEEP MAKING SPELLING MISTAKES! IT'S LIKE FINDING OUT YOUR DOG IS DEAD OVER AND OVER 
i cant sleep in anymore 
@aliceinnyc WE NEED TO GET ME A PICTURE!!! 
"For the life of me, I can't understand y ppl in dis house don't close soda tightly. Flat Pepsi is gross! "
is about to go to work  BORING!!
@singhthing  why did u said so.nyways no1 can see my msges.. i am thinking to make another account
@jarelloveless so I'm still bad at this twittering business. Didn't see your @reply until now. Yes mono 
Watching American Idol. I miss that show 
"@ZoeAimee There's been really heavy rain here, had it in my bag. Was out in the rain. Rain soaked through bag, got to iPod. "
I be fooling around too. @vasudhapande stole my line.  http://www.flickr.com/photos/keeperofthekeys/3660083428/
"@laceybenz that's a great one! my fav. is &quot;calling you,&quot; but they didn't sing it last night!  they mainly sang all their new stuff."
403 Forbidden every time I click the 'Cached' link on Google search result - http://is.gd/1d4J6 
"BOOOOORRRRIIIIIIINNNNNNGGGGGGg , I so hate this... "
"So evne though my issue with getting the pre connected to Outlook Live wasn't solved, Palm closed the ticket "
Im happy to be at camp! But missing my pink lamp! 
Forgot that when she eats breakfest her stomach get upset 
i woke up at 7:55 today. not fun 
"i am so, so sad is probably i won't ever see him again, at least in the school &lt;/3. it's unfair, he didn't had to go yet "
Late for work. Power went out. Hydroplaned on the way due to massive ammounts of rain... 
"@the12kingstar of course I'm at work, only 3 more days of 2 jobs tho. It's supposed to be hot and humid today tho.  I hate hot."
Got tonight's dinner in the crock pot to cook all day. It'll be too hot to use the oven or stovetop; should break 100 degrees later 
long night with no sleep makes Brooke a sad dull girl  meh. Wish I was home with Gizmo.
"Dang it. @drdrew is on @adamcarolla's podcast, but I can't download it over 3G.  My kingdom for an open wifi connection near work! *sob*"
@gudi1307  i had that exp yesterday...movie and dinner afteer a long long time...and lemme tell you..its nt that great!! 
Is being unemployed...why is it so hard to find a job in london? 
I know I don't know what happened 
fell off her sunlounger in the garden....bad times : fell off her sunlounger in the garden....bad times 
Watchin Regis and Kelly before taking Mo to get his first vaccinations 
@blackbrrr I want to go to there. 
"@FlickL; aw no babe, I don't work for Allianz, I work for KPMG lol, its just my main client  too involved!"
freeeeeeee music for sexy people! http://bit.ly/3QIWUC ok I'm off to go make some $ now  then it's time for comic-drawing and THE ESSENCE.
@ChichiTjandra ...ure too excited. Ppl are entitled to their own opinion chii jgn dikatain blind  like how I dislike startrek. Nite.
"Woke up from listening to The Beatles, and still have the stupid headache. Ugh! "
heding home from vegas  had a blast sad to see her go!
Is there a cat whisperer in the house?  My cat has me at my wits end 
Awwww Markyyy love u so much :s :s :s I'll die to meet you  Markyy follow me plz :$ :$ :p:plol..xx
@andykcheng I have a Hoya and am very happy with it. One problem on my 18-200 when at 18-25 I get a shadow 
"Ah crap! Can't bake cakes yet, got to hoover/dust the house "
Dont want 2 go 2 work 
I think twitter broke 
@riseball  sorry - maybe its what you're not eating?
thinking its going to be another hot day 
is buddyaches  http://plurk.com/p/13vve9
@XGraceStAcKX i have swine flu  cough cough hah aa.. x
Wishing the second season of Ali G was available at Best Buy so I wouldn't have to order it online 
My charger on my computer broke 
love law and orderrrr wants the sound effect as her ringtone but cant find it 
working heck of a way to start a day 
@SmoovezWorld yep  lol
Im gonna sue facebook and myspace! Lol If it wasnt SO addicting I would get more than 3-5 hours of sleep a night!   Haha
"@roguekitty unfortunately, because of previous statistic, it's not worth buying AC, so too hot is TOO hot. "
awwww  no more followers??
"Well my morning began with an awesome cycling class workout and weights, followed by my little princess going potty in our garage... "
Starting to be nervous. No normal tickets at the sea in August 
@REWBOB I couldn't open it 
@rbtznmrschico i totally hear u there. The worst i've had was a teeth cleaning gone bloody. I don't ever have prob. And i'm 27.  
@claud_ineee Ooh! That sucks 
"off to work  then out for drinks with girls, who's coming?"
and i'm STILL tired after last night's sleep 
at work...so tired wanna pass out. couldn't sleep last night only slept an hour. today looks like 12-14 hour shift  to much on my mind
My mobile phone isn't working 
dissapointed. not gettin a job after all 
I have the killer headache from hell 
Walked out of the house reminiscing about Hawaii last summer 
Still doin uni work... got to take lil boy to the doctors for his pre-school injection 
@L0Lcakes people are now saying the GOMtv notice was a fake  T_T.
My throat feels sore and and a bit tight  not a nice thought I'm going to blame Gravesend Council for starting off my hayfever
@kolorsbyIRF im allergic to their fur. asthma.  ooooh! transformers was awesome! abit slow on certain parts but overall thumbs up
@willripley i wish i could be there  you don't even KNOW will. i wanted to go so bad. BUT i'm in the middle of rehearsals for a play.
Had possibly the SCARIEST dream ever last night. 
My pinkie hurts 
@CoffeeGeek can they do EEGs or fMRIs on dogs... cause that should seriously be looked into  glad she's feeling better tho
i just get up and i have pain at my throat  my friend will come in my house today and i'm sick  
I miss YOU already 
"@LilEssy of course I'm bored, I'm on a train "
"love law and order, and i want the sound effect as my ringtone but i cant find it "
Sick and at work 
@LynnetteThomas I'm so worried for them 
@BVirtuous if that's true then Magic have no chance next year 
@michellea45 Sorry to hear that 
"@AllisonShops  Aaaaw, I wanted to win the rug "
I'm getting tired of this. 
@junit0 how come? 
"@LucyBowen yeah but it was my birthday too.  u do see me, but when you went in2 town after exams, i didnt know and had arranged 2go home.x"
@MissMoGreen I am so upset yo this girl told me something is due today and its a major part of my grade. BUt I hope she's wrong 
says I cant do my own laundry anymore.  http://plurk.com/p/13vvsw
@Schofe Ohh gutted i missed it! sounded like a great show 
how can I get trust back? 
I hope I can get to the DIY event this Saturday @okcCoCo. Related: Can't come to the Jelly today. Got to hang out with the plumber 
Good Morning 
My toe hurts. 
It gets harder everyday but i cant seem to shake the pain. Everybody knows nobody really knows how to ease the hurt. Turning me down. 
"Silly, I like Chicago much more "
wishing. 
Totally bummed that the guy who originally said he wanted to buy my photo has flaked out after giving me the runaround for 4 days! Argh! 
"So far im having a pretty good day, still have a headache though "
"@katewhatley Nope, the earlier showing, I think it's at 3:30? So we'll miss you guys. "
It's bring your dog to work day to tomorrow! Imma being my dog .. Wait I do have one 
@JovanH yep tweeting while driving too! 
@BBQuiz oooh i missed it! 
says I have cramps.  http://plurk.com/p/13vw13
Had a bad dream last night that my dog died.  Had to wake up &amp; hug him.
"@christywright Citric acid...so limes, lemons, strawberries, etc. It's bad times. "
@coswinbrown That sucks man 
the weather right now is really crappy.. the thunders scare me 
"Really wishing I was still on vacation. Too much to do today, most importantly I really have to cut the grass "
I ate too much cake and crisps. Feel sick 
"booo my work computer says @PerezHilton 's website is r rated and im not allowed to look at it, surely a little peek wouldnt hurt "
I miss having a fringe that didn't eat my face. 
Offered a lifeguard job for the next 8 weeks but I cant do it!!! I FUCKING HATE TESCO!!!!! 
So apparently my tan is more or less a sunburn.. It Itches  lol Burnt my poor boobies real good too .. DANG!
Study session with cousin it is NOT working  Cannot seem to focus! Super tired shopped today it was guuuuud.
"finds herself in quite the funk today, and not the cute dance-y type either "
Yay for accounting presentatons 
Why can't i sleep in anymore?!  excited for florida? I think so. :p
is waiting for the telly man to turn up 
@Blogsdna Network unreachable error is resolved but robots.txt timeout shows on jun 22. Bots are still not interested 
going to the Niagara aquarium and then leaving NY. I don't want to come home. I love it here 
"I'm gona be moving out today I guess, I really dont want to, this sucks so bad "
"@josemalonso like work and time, mail expands to fill the space available "
Took the 6 15pm bus. . Looks like peak traffic hour. 
I feel so sick right now oh no 
is all cleaned out 
@TheQnBee hahaha and I was runnin(forrest gump) loool cacti hurt 
is at work kinda sleepy already and just got here 
ouch! I have had a stiff neck for 3 days and it wont go away 
@LTMLSC boo salmon 
almost time to board the plane for ohio 
@davidwalshblog Why did you have to write that on pay day? Was having enough trouble resisting the dark side already 
jason sorry you couldnt see the movie last night  i got my tickes for tomorrow since last thu..... in IMAX
Muscles aching today.  Office is hurting my back 
"@simplecake Because my birthday's in July so I was only just 4 when I started school, and I couldn't spell my name  It' hard!!"
LONG PROCRASTINATION since I was trying to install CS3 but failing.  OKAY I HAVE A FEW HOURS TO DO THIS. PRINTING IN THE MORNING.
Sigh. I am have to have to transcode all of my mkv files and embed subtitles in order for it to be streamed over the Internet properly. 
learn for school... its so boriing 
is Texas lost College World Series 2009!! I was hoping texas would win that Baseball game....But No!! 
No internet again 
My bike's tire died today... a sad day for bikes everywhere... also I found that AMS tram has increased price in almost 80%! Nice 
off to work. sooo cold! 
@KaelynLanders 7 min's. till i can vote again  
@IzaArtillero yes it does 
wishes he had the day off to sleep. I should have gone to bed earlier than I did last night 
lost my voice!! 
I miss the way things used to be... 
I feel awful today and want to just go back to bed.  Too bad my kids aren't old enough to babysit themselves 
no more days off til wed... 
Gf's window got bashed in last night.  just spent the last 30 min cleaning up broken glass.  Damn kids!
@handgunsandemos keep an eye out for me. this new one costs $200 
@beamatti i want one  duuuude everyone has like green overlays @-)
@jillylivi JEALOUS! It's been months...  
@JulesFletcher We do MGS here. We have COD but it kills my vertigo  As a kid Id give barbie a crewcut and play GI Joes
@chmpton1 Dang guess I ain't yo U ofM fam  forget u too
Eye appointment. Don't want to go.  
just eaten pasta &amp; i still feel sick  i need some paracetamol but ill be sick when i swallow it. think im gonna lay off drink for a while!
"says I seriously miss my bopsyxz and pekak buddy, alot :'-( I wish you two were there just now lah  http://plurk.com/p/13vwq0"
Task Mgr &gt; Processes before update Digsby #5 for memory usage...after update...still #5.  Firefox is still in the #1 spot.
"@jennfarr if bridgehead is an option, I'm there.  But it usually isn't.  I had a dreadful 2nd cup breakfast sandwich this morn. "
Â£45.60 for a filling- that will teach me to chip my tooth! So now I'm left with a numb mouth and a hole in my pocket 
@panicsweetkiss  i would if i could. And sorry.
pain in my left ear 
a walk to remember always makes me teary eyed.  i love that film.
"@LawrenceGichigi Yup ur 'Nu-Skool' long term... Lewis, Ziggy &amp; YOU. All 3 of u are pretty reclusive right now. My homeboys forgot bout me "
feels like complete p0o -  - going too the doctors soon.... can't take it anymore...
"@peaceshot  I have to wait till next week, knowing mum she'll draw it out till late week &gt;__&gt;"
Is bored in the house and its started raining 
Oh god. im sorry for those of you. some of the tour were cancelled 
Good morning! Hitting up the gym to help start my day! Then doctors 
At work.. I have a headache 
Has just about had it with this damn headache! 
Wants to see Transformers.Party This weekend? Work today 
"Arriving home from work at 11:15pm, only to wake up again at 6:15pm to head straight back in to work.  "
I hate it when ppl call me Mame... its make me feel old 
http://twitpic.com/8dawb - My poor baby has hives 
"@bbrathwaite hahaha! good thinking! I got the exercise but portion sizes get me in trouble. I workout, get hungrier, eat more. "
I donÂ´t know what to doing  I am confused 
"Nothing's good about this morning, quiz 2 day and I'm 2 sleepy.  just wanna go back 2 zzzzzzz"
Only gets four hours of sleep? 
"Despite having eleven thousand songs, I have no idea what I want to listen to right now "
"I'm so sneezy today.   I haven't been sneezy in a week or more, so I thought I was past the sneeziness.  Wroooong. "
"@faerywitch OW!!!    I bet he feels terrible (he'd better, anyway)"
"Due to the fact that I am a weakling, my upper body is soooo sore "
@xochiana i'm krysh225 haha.. it doesn't say yr on 
Where has the sun gone? 
@whoisariston I know how you feel. It's such a lot of money for something you can roll yourself a lot cheaper 
hates it when server is down  http://plurk.com/p/13vx69
@meaningoftruth  was ist los?
Its another great day! I hope Lexie feels better soon 
freakin sick   i still want my nike jacket
catching up with alicia: D:   i miss you 
"@zahra16  same, i guess im hoping i go to a concert soon too....did u c the JB rolling stone cover???"
About to be sleepin  and my headphones are falling all over the place gaaah. wonder what's in store for me tomorrow?
want to be a single girl  why must my boy be so jealous and a controlfreak??!!
"Bummer, my camera won't be here until Monday "
@meygantot: Cold sore still bothering you? 
@francbautista me too! 
This week has been a killer. I'm still being rushed. Damn! Not even Friday yet 
thought maybe we could catch a rodeo this weekend while on tour ... i was wrong 
worrrrrrrrrrk at jtp til 5  then with the loves!
"time to go to bed, have work tomorrow.  damn early start!"
Jack lost in poker!!!   Watching Wimbledon now. The grunting has hit an all time high.
work!  ugh!!!!
I'm tired people and I have summer school 
Sigh. I am going to have to transcode all of my mkv files and embed subtitles in order for it to be streamed over the Internet properly. 
"@SleepTightTiger don't torture me! I'd honestly love nothing more than that! esp right now that I've got no job, no flight money though "
good morning. english exam then 1 more tmr! It's starting to hit me that it'll be my last day of high school tmr. gonna miss everyone 
I just have to point out it's been like 12 hours since I hurt my foot and it STILL pains 
Blarg why can't I seem to get enough sleep this week. I'm going to bed on time  oh well two more sleeps until sleep in bliss.
"Arrived home from work at 11:15pm, only to wake up again at 6:15am to head straight back in to work. "
Just made the mistake of trying to use up some of the &quot;other&quot; coffee in the cupboard...one I will NOT be repeating 
"KES &quot;Ambassador&quot;, just to check out the gyaldem for next year, sorry to say it dint look promising "
Omg...my right ankle is HUGE! Shit...I really think I twisted it @ practice today 
Lovely sunny afternoon - I can see it really well from my computer! 
@lindaldavep some of your tweets are coming out jibberish... 
cannot get the scanner to work 
@rjamestaylor Thanks! I now have the problem that I needed to upgrade to a recent version of PHP and it's breaking in other ways 
@PerceptionAndCo lol...I'll be bored by monday..complaining about how I'm ready to go back to work 
"just got up for work sooooo tired  , nothing new lol ..."
@AmyStark Wish I could - yoga at St. Luke's at 5:30. 
"Just had a 20 minutes power nap, uhhh work time "
"@rattis cutting an avocado, tried to stab pit 2 remove, knife went straight through  &amp; sliced finger.  "
@CMarie007 i hope your ok and feeling alot better babe 
WHY IS NORMAL PROFIT A NECESSARY COST OF PRODUCTION. 
@villykassiou  nt yet! it was jst a moment after leaving uni xD &amp;had 2come bck home again.I look like a prawn more than like chocolate xD
Don't you hate waking up and suddenly realizing you had a bad dream during the night? 
"Taking the day off from the interwebs... no Tweets, no emails, and no boards for me "
@JereTeo siiiiigh. I have a picture of the dress.  that's all that's left. Siiighsighsighhhh.
@iluvjbonly I won't be able to come online at all! Pls post the Rolling Stones pics on flickr and link 'em and update k? 
back at work today... how exciting! 
Still feeling the Longhorn lost pain. 
Man... I can't stand certain people sometimes.. Ugh!  this day needs to hurryyyy!
@laken84  don't do that!
glad that its finally nice weather out...work on this beauitful day  then cookout tonight!!!! cant wait!
"@supudo Thanks! Yes, I need to update my blog but have been sick for a few days. "
@bydesign76 poor amy  it's not running. at all. ...and it's super expensive to fix. Suck.
Iphone still in process 
my nose hurts more than a nose should. boo to hayfever 
@riseagainst I was really hoping to see you guys tonigh  sucks i have to work.... anyways rock on tonight!!
"Hey, hello and good morning! I'm back in the states and back in the office, which makes me so sad "
"@amandapalmer is playing tonight in LA and i won't be able to go   sad, sad, sad..."
eek must loose baby weight!!!!!! NO clothes to wear at all 
@mcawilliams wow... mine's only worth $493 
Is it possible 2 be bored on ur 1st day of ur holidays!!! ?? 
"when iam in boredom, my fellas called me and.. they are in gathering and doing singing together, i cant join them now "
I don't want saturday to come 
@iambigbusiness  I ended up in bed at 3am lol  Maybe i shoulda stayed!
Good Thursday Morning! I'm still sleepy but can't sleep anymore.  
is controlling the stress of moving house....I don't want to unpack now I've packed 
Im so weak. Prolly the cause of losing alot of blood last night.  - http://tweet.sg
@EATerrell 
@schweethart damn I won't be able to go 
@littlefroggypie Not realleh. :-j But they never mentioned anything about classes being suspended. ;) How's school lonely? 
My dentist hurts me   I knew it. Why did I went to her?
is going to work midnight shift despite having food poisoning  - http://tweet.sg
is working and fretting that her hubby is going back to the homelands for 2 weeks - who will look after me? 
"Got to give my blackberry back next week, meaning no mobile tweets  Need a wap enabled phone with sim on pay as you go &amp; cheap mb's"
Going back to NJ today.  
i wanna cry again.. my hampster died in my hands last nite. ILY Brooke  R.I.P. cryin pain away
arghh i really don't feel like working. 
@shaunvause Poor donkey  ;-)
i only had 6 hours of sleep 
whatt 38.6 celcius degrees? hhh 
@EdLeanza wish I were there 
still waiting on shipping confirmation from AT&amp;T Premier for my iPhone 3GS 
Can't wait until Sunday's USA vs BRA rematch.  Sad that I'll be at a baptism ceremony during the second half of the game. 
Can't sleep in cars 
nooooo skool ended n i wont c all my friends  I miss dem soooo much. on da brite side my sis is here from florida n I got a hair cut!!!
Going into school soon to empty my locker and hand in my form for new york =/  i want to do something fun! 
Has a longgggg day instore. Not alot of twittering 
I'm getting tired of this.  Make me happy...
@clouddancefest I can't see it 
Without you in my Tuenti... 
Found out that my ex boss passed away last night &amp; now radio 1 are playing Coldplay Fix you! I may cry!! 
"@green_eyed_guy who does!  I thought becoming an ACMT sous help, but nothing so far "
@kimshahan isn't following me? And I thought we were friends 
@la_france I don't want too. If she cuts too much I will cry  I'm donating it towards the end of the year though so that's 10 inches off!
Aaawww my baby sis graduates to middle school 2day...they grow so fast!!! 
"pondering, &quot;why am i up this early&quot; /  is it because when i sleep, i dream, i hate dreaming    .."
@Kraff yo. I've been saying this. I can TOTALLY do their urban marketing ... their marketing period ... sigh 
I had a wonderful dream *__*  But I dont dreamed finish...I want to know the end of my dream.. 
"@gloriantes mum might let me use AIM express to talk tomorrow,but other than that I can't once dad's back the day after. I'm Sorry, love. "
back from the Virgin Islands 
Still need some touch-up on the Austrian Fritzl case. Will only be able to post it on Sunday. 
rainnnyy dayyy  with @carlyrenee what eles is newww trying to pass our permitss hahahah
dang! its 6:40...I over slept!... y didn't yall wake me up  ... I got 20 mins 2 get dress'd &amp; b  @ skoo... ugh!
"im bored, off school gettting hair done wheyhey guuyss..  now i need to go get ready for spray tan.. scaryy stuffff   â™¥xx"
"@AboutThisLater HOPING IT WAS EVERYTHING YOU EVER DREAMED OF, AND MORE! Sorry I couldn't make it. "
@officialmgnfox I'm so sorry to hear about your loss. May he indeed rest in peace. 
It's not organized here. I feel aimless and I hate feeling like this. Not to mention that work was fun because of the ppl I worked with. 
Had so much fun last night with @squidallen and is not ready for her to leave tomorrow 
"apparently my updates from yesterday wont show on my profile page, which really bothers me "
Was suppose to sleep in but too many things on my mind to do 
So very tired 
@joemarsip actually  it's my new tweet joe (what should i call you ? dad ? grandpa ?) my old one is proabably suspended 
"@carlsalazar HELL NO. ME NO WANT THAT TO HAPPEN.  Ohcomeon, it's only one Friday? Can't they be any kinder to us? ;) Well now.."
@MissBella01 awwww yipppy lol.. im super scared to go thru this birth thing 
@avinash_varma for us it has become part of everyday life  .... avi..today...dont forget to bring your bag ;)
 re-bandaged &amp; back to the regular vet tomorrow to fix their mistake. inner tie has come loose to create internal bleeding that is leaking
@decorus aww  that sucks
I'll be back at work really soon  that will be a hard day.
"@P0150N0U5F15H unless the Iranians have a REAL revolution, the Ayatollah is in charge no matter who is president "
@officialmgnfox  sorry about ur pretty kitty
@loopyginee too true 
Gotto sleep early .. tomorrow got 9am conf call  Soooooo early!
Overslept. Not a good way to start the day 
Yawning hurts...Ouch 
@ilaam I'm going through Heroes withdrawal as well   Miss it a lot.
"can't add my #Facebook account within #Tweetdeck, the button doesn't work and nothing pops up when adding the Facebook column "
@juicycoiffure i need to get my hair done asap- wish you lived nearby  http://myloc.me/5AvM
@Needo93 yeah mate 
@Heggerz wish mine would 
"@faustxklo Ooops, I actually meant back to my apartment home "
Got through to kdwb for jonas meet and greets...had to guess a number....didn't guess right 
"setting up a shiney new 24&quot; iMac, unfortunately not for me to use...only administer "
I do not like working 24 hours in a 32 hour window. Feeling sleepy! Gotta love the Army  Good luck today @followtheblonde...
@Mr_Marty Wont let me...moved my plate to another car thats why :O C u in 4 hrs while I que! 
"@maibey omg, that sounds SO fun, but my thesis is due that same week.  but, wow, what an idea!"
@j_real There isn't pay parking near our house. The condo's around us have waiting lists for spots 
Home with a belly ache 
"@iliveinfosh aaaw oli sykes used to be a pop punk kid :| lets mawsh to nfg!iaf, i doubt he got it from nfg "
Wouldn't you know it! I bring up my camera at the last minute for some night photography and the battery is too low for it to work 
I don't feel good 
@freakgoddess you just made me hungry ..... 
"@redpandajewelry No, Tweetie, coffee quit me.    I wanted to get married and run away together."
"@happylovesChuck No, I'm on a time crunch so I don't have time for my twenty minute shower. "
Still on major missing Barcelona depression trip 
annn still my &lt;3 aches 
"@wolwol viigo is ugly, it tries to do too much things  I just need something simple that does it right. Like feedly.com"
@cinsta *hugs* I know exactly how you feel. 
Again staying back  . After moving to new group I am almost in office for more than 10 hours ... Missing Library a lot ...
@Feefers But you should be! 
"My nails, toes, eyebrows, and hair look a hot mess this week! "
@nishitak every1 now has a cough n they blame me 4 tht 
Still at cursus..  - http://mobypicture.com/?ubsjgw
feeling very stupid that I didn't check a DM was sent 
"Lovely lunch with brother, smoked too much  !"
@VOMalleyPhoto im in Paris doing some dj skits and working for a photog agency; but downside is wisdom teeth growing in 
@loveisnothing http://bit.ly/9waMc  Awful sound though  I'm still looking for another one.
@estripe4 @c0pperboom @carriegirl @drofpain I miss you ladies a lot 
@Adeesya how much does it cost? uugh i hate expensive things 
POOR TREES. :| I'm running out of paper &amp; ink. 
i miss maine 
I think I may make my twitter account private for awhile. I am getting deluged by spammers thanks to yesterdays freaking retweet 
trying to figure out iow to get twitter and email/updates on my phone 
@_happygolucky_ I'm finally up and about my fever is under 100 so I decided to work today  thanks for asking and thanks for the fb comment
@slow3 i have a yoga event tonight  Also I can't figure out how direct messages work...
@soshified Will it be released tomorrow then?  *excited*
these questions are way to hard  how am i meant to know how Shakespeare's audiences interprate the issues and themes of Macbeth different
@officialmgnfox so sorry to hear about your cat  it must be horrible. Hope your ok x
"I've been waiting my whole life for tomorrow night. It's a shame, 'cause it's pretty much impossible for it to live up to my expectations "
Awww Farrah Fawcett has just been given her 'last rights'  (via @KISSmyBLAKarts) Are u serious? Damn
"tomorrow  gonna miss my bestie. whether we fight a ton or not, she's got my back. the girl will throw down for me."
there is nothing more attractive then your face getting sunburned and then peeling 
man.. this boarding process is taking aaaagggesss! i really need to use the plane's bathroom! 
Osn had the bomb sleep wish didn't have to end  lol
"@alderina yeah, their mobile RSS reader sucks for BB "
took my brother to &quot;bot chien&quot;... I should not drink &quot;sinh to bo rau ma&quot;. I don't think my tummy likes it 
@makeitepic just one! And he's old 
says aynako precalc...  http://plurk.com/p/13vz61
"Rushing to work, I'm never late but I'm sick!!! "
thank gosh my replacement phone finally cameee. too bad i have no idea how to set it up 
playing with my little one. Almost a year old  Went too fast
Is on his way to get his wisdom teeth pulled 
Still has aching muscles 
wishes that she could take the day off.  i'm just not feeling 100% 
"@LushLtd Sweet Japanese Girl and now it's GONE!  Nothing works as well on blackheads - not Ocean Salt, not Dark Angles, nothing! *sob*"
@Ces_Creatively pale baby blue .... 
@paudevera i feel so sad sometimes.... its kinda hard to fit in 
i lost my ipod touch in my house 
"@krist0ph3r oh yes i love food, but like i said it cant qualify as addiction  @GauravSaha"
"@ChesterBe http://twitpic.com/5t8nh - ohh baby Ä±ts your foot,isnt it?? what a pity "
In hot hot french soo hot ahh im annoyed im hot allowed to go swimming hmmm my tooth hurts 
one thing they don't teach you in DJ school - vinyl gets warped if left in the sun! my brand new record destroyed!!!!back to digital then 
back in the southern hemisphere and feeling deflated. I miss my friends 
@S4BI wat happened miss laugh a lot 
The worst thing about the summer is hayfever 
Six am and im still tired. Us history test today. Fml. 
the longest day of my life is about to start 
@KennethCK Have you tried restarting everything 
"Ughhhhh I'm hungover, not going to the gym here "
But I don't wanna work todayyyy 
"@kimsnotebook well, that would have been fun. too bad i just read your tweet.  thanks for thinking of us..."
Off 2 work. Y do days off go so quick 
Do I have to pay for gas and electric? 
...with all things to catch up in school 
all the girls flown away again?...alone again... 
"Of course my academic advisor doesn't show up to work on the day she has an extremely important meeting with me.  No early graduation, "
Why aren't my followers/what not appearing on my sidebar??  
"I'm hooooooot.  T_T  Japan, TURN DOWN THE HEAT PLZ. "
@Wu13 WU !! Universal did ah happen last nite !!! I haven't enjoyed myself like that in a long time !! Too much party hopping 
At the high school. Holy shit its so nice. I wish i could turn back time and go back. 
Bored 2 death 
really should be getting on with my Harry Potter Fanfiction 
is curently at college doing nothing that has anything to do with school i'm incredably board 
"Just got Android running on my touch pro  , now, i just wish everything worked "
"@PersiaRose i'm just kind of down in the dumps right now. All this checking out, and trying to get OPSaveSarah to be a sucsess. "
"actually, gonna leave noooooow. @sherrymusic see you at school tomorrow. please please get well.  i missed you at school today. haha"
Does not feel we'll 
Found out class was canceled when I got there so no extra sleep for me. Macs in Nord are down too  Damn I hate using  Windoze anymore.
i don't wanna job hunt anymoreee 
well it is damn hot in the shop today.... it is possible that i may be melting 
Burnt my tongue. Haaaaate when that happens. Everything tastes weird for ages... 
"started to read &quot;land the tech job you love&quot; few days ago. Very cool so far, makes me 100 % convinced I should not work where I am now "
work till 6 
"My new office is really nice, but I have the side without a window. Which means I don't get to see the pretty lady walk by on Wednesdays. "
"is working and then off to say goodbye to Dave, Jill, Lucy &amp; Dannyboy with Mom &amp; Sassy. I'm so sad, I will miss them!  "
'Is there a lot of coffee left?' - 'Yeh there's a lot left' - grabs mug - 'Not anymore!'     Doh. I never get the first pot  of coffee! 
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!!  I miss LA
@MsDiamondPearl you can right click on the video and choose &quot;Watch on YouTube&quot; but yeah...it's a pain in the ass...I dont like it 
"@ASHATL hee hee hi bb!!! #8 tonight!! For now, am stuck at work. "
@ScottStader uuuhhhh! I forgot about the call! I almost played hookie! What do I gotta say again?  I'm not happy mr!
@godenzigirl not when were workin in MA and have lotsa drivin to do. Late start like this means yet another super late finish 
I keep falling asleep.. Its too early to listen to someone lecture about law and government.  i want to cry.
Currently napping in the lobby of the hilton ohare 
@fluBALLOW TY for postin my tweet earlier. (: / HOME btw. leeds was crap 
I seem to be having one of *those* days... 
My baby boy is getting on a plane to NY for six weeks   http://yfrog.com/6e60627149j
Guess I'd best head back into work. Gah 
@jamaalsabree went to his standup comedy show. Why dude call me fijian 
"@LaurenConrad I have work until 9pm today, so I can't come to your signing "
@ykesha2001 morning mama!  I saw your earlier Tweets I was getting ready for work at the time... sorry 
"at this point, i would even settle for an ipod mini. so tired of not being able to listen to my music when i want to "
I forgot to stretch yesterday and now I'm banished from toys for 5 days as punishment 
wishes she was going to Disney World with her sisters and their kiddos 
@sherryxmusic see you at school tomorrow. please please get well.  i missed you at school today. haha
"Just arrived in London from L.A, long + boring plane ride...not fun "
@Smaulren I am sorry you are sick.. that is no good at all.  I hope you feel better soon!
things are looking good with atkins so far wish me luck to stick to it And   I pray for all Iranians over in iran. I wish I was there 
Not gonna be a good day. 
its too early 
"I'm home, safe and relatively sound. BIG day: dishes/laundry/playing w/ the kiddos. Good to be home! But I miss my &quot;huns&quot;, and NEED music "
"@_sonik well done! that'd be a nice little machine, very portable. I've a 17&quot;. Big screen, but heavy after a while "
About to go and see The Hangover. I miss LA 
@rwilkie you're not follow me 
things are looking good with atkins so far wish me luck to stick to it And I pray for all Iranians over in iran. I wish I was there  lol
I don't like the new UberTwitter 
i friggin hate it when [*******] does that!    
I need more followers 
@iamMamaMarcia i knoww. i miss you guys 
Damn sad abt the cam batt thing  i shouldve bought my stephen hawking book instead of hw cuz i know i wont do them anyway
@carlyyrenee listen you dont ever call me text me nothing your too cool for me  calll me this weekend i have work all week till sat.
In English with @poptartsandsex and @giddygiggles ... what is this? WORK? so close to the holidays? 
thanks for pissing me off at 630 In the morning BOSS 
has hurt her knee.  and has a bad eye. I guess today isnt my lucky day ?
not feeling so great 
"not feelling good, at work.  playn in the rain is a good song.just not a good idea in new england cuz im sick as a dog. "
My heart just broke a little. My all time favorite toilet at FAOG is &quot;Out Of Order&quot; 
Gmail blocked by cmpany.. cant chat .. cant email.. very bad   
"Collin is driving through DC traffic all by himself today... what's the worst, he can't call me because I don't have a phone yet. "
Billy Graham blamed Jews from the &quot;Synagogue of Satan&quot; for pornography etc. in those tapes with Richard Nixon. http://tinyurl.com/n7w4s8 
Fml it's too early to be up 
bored. not much to do atm  they're preparing a party outside and i'm invited. ugh. snob-party with arrogant ppl 
"@treece416 oh man, yeah I'm taking it with the lady you had  lol what is your FB url?"
@jameyjasta you look about as tired as I feel 
"Damnn, sooo many tutions, so fucking frustrating.... "
"So I'm not just home alone, I'm alone in the USA. And todays my baby sis birthday  who's gonna keep me company??"
seriously wish I'd saved up and bought tickets to PSB's &quot;Pandemonium&quot; tour  especially after seeing the It's a sin performance on youtube.
@Paintagram still haven't seen it - my daughter took over the queue with Backyardigans and Dora the Explorer 
@truebloodnet I just looked on the schedule on tv and I didn't see Stephen on the schedule 
"needs to see an optometrist. i'm having a hard time to read from a far..tsk tsk! i think, i'm near sighted...Transformers 2? CANCELLED! "
@ylg85 have a safe journey! shucks that we won't meet in NZ! 
@CocoaGeek Huh? What's the point of a C64 emulator that doesn't emulate one of it's defining features? (The BASIC interpreter). 
So ma woke me up early and said she wanted to be ready to leave in 45 min . . Its been over an hour now . . And im still sleepy 
i dont have a mask!!! 
@CitizensVoice  I can't wait for fresh produce!! I won't be able to make it opening day though. 
@Gossipleighton l.i love you and b.!!!i miss gg!! 
"OMG. today, the weather was really hot. but i went to reading room for study because i will have the important examination.  im so tired."
no more coffee. 
@khawajakhalid HEY! Shafo's staying over at my place. I think I've seen EVERYONE cept you 
@ShannonMCasey  LOL... it's ok... I could have texted you too... Sbux is not in my budget until tomorrow 
"@allytarantino iHate TweeDeck! When you want to &quot;@&quot; someone, there isn't a list of all your friends like Twitterfon has. "
Just saw a dead deer off to the side of 295 
Me no feel good 
Last day of work experience tomorrow. I'm going to miss those kids. 
Back from Italy and Greece and already at work 
Loved watching original Charlies Angels as a kid...awww  (via @KISSmyBLAKarts) I had a Charlie's  Angels purse..wish I still had it
I cracked my rib. No party for me tonight 
ALL I WANT IS SUSHI. Why are people so stupid? Let me take my lunch break! 
@desolate_pages i knoooow. 
just finish tuition. and nobody tells me what are the english homeworks 
"@tweetnotpurge1 just checked, am following U. Maybe something's wrong?  Have a GR8 Day Doll!"
Huston is in Houston. I miss my bed.  I need a nap.
WHY did I get flavored coffee when I know I don't like flavored coffee? I'm so easily persuaded by the delicious-sounding names! 
@Drogheda_PC oh !!what will we do 
So happy I wore long sleeves to work! It's so freaking cold!!!! 
"@preludebabe hey hun,  no I never did  I would love to know,  but all the friends I have made dont know either  x"
what a morning... driving a military truck when it overheats. now stuck on side of I10 waiting for a tow truck... all b4 coffee 
"Dear @abbiealmasco, wai do you have to be so hot? It's unfair.  Haha! *huugs*"
Transformers last night was great! Coming home to find that the transformer on the pole behind my house died again not so great 
it's too hot...everywhere it seems 
"Haha hendy, its nicole silly!!! Sory late response, I'm working "
"as usual,evening with no activities at all___boring,silent,and starving "
Can't believe Bob is gone  many tears were shed at this afternoons episode of Neighbours!  RIP Bob - Lord of the House of Trouser!
hates being sick! Running out of stuff to watch! 
Fuck. Another funeral. 
@Sarahjaynee i knoww. &amp; i don't know.  everytime i try &amp; go past he's like 'not yet love' (
Is up and moving around trying to get this house picked up so i can clean carpets... abscess tooth and all 
Playing animal crossing. Like whoa. It's been over a month since i've touched this game. 
"Heading to The National Zoo in DC with Olivia, Becca, and Tiffany... It's our last day with Tiff  before she goes back to NC "
My skin is peeling off. I might not have any tan left by the end of the day. 
"its a slow day, still no luck on the job hunt "
is  starting to load her computer with trashes again. and the fucking yahoo widget installer is not working 
It feels like Friday but it's not 
i have such great post ideas as i fall asleep but i forget to keep a notebook by my bed 
Okay back to work now.. gotta get my numbers right &amp; have about 30 calls to return.. ay ya yay 
@BrittanyLMartin I actually won't get back to Knoxville until late Sunday night.  I wish I could see you though!!
AthFest's site is down  but luckily Whistlebury posted this a few days ago: http://bit.ly/D5GwB
going to work 
He's about to go in...I'm nervous!!! My boyyyyy. 
@LegaZyD I went to BUDs Navy Seals traing.. Broke my ankle in hell week 
@cheapapernapkns who? what? i dunno what you are tryin to say 
@PawPrintsMag it appears the shorter ones and being used already   Any other suggestions for possible 2 or 3 letter tags?
9 Years.. wow 
"back to work. I didn't have a chance to run this morn with my  sis-in-law, little G kept waking up screaming  planning on running tonight"
@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/8c741 - nice logo... but grow your hair back  ahah
@OfficialAS -huggles- naaaw! Your mind is just going round in circles? 
"@candice216 aww, i sorry    Hope it improves QUICK!"
@queenzee_ent i had a ruffffff childhood!! 
"Sweating.damn it is HOT here in Toronto, CANADA right now. I have the A/C on, It's a heat wave. Finally. Garbage workers are on Strike. "
"@theSADDITYbxtch Lmao don't make funny of me, I'm sensitive  but I'm only 19 LOL . . I'll be 20 in Oct"
My body feels like it got hit with a mack truck 
I ate too much chocolate... ouchy tummy! wawa me 
@CarterTwinsZach What's wrong? 
I know my inbox is full o mail. i just don't want to start reading it all right now 
"@amol_date rain in chennai?!?!?! Good Joke.. We'll probably get heat rays in the form of rain amol, its so hot "
"After one week, I'm still at home... recovering!!! Last night was very painful and scary "
My computer didn't want to let me use Lightroom anymore  So I'm making icons now x)
NO BASTARD WILL COVER MY SHIFT 
Grrr....why did I have to wake up with a sore throat 
"@brandonleblanc Yeah I know, my frustration is at the EU not at you or MSFT. Far more serious issues in the world than bundling a browser "
Time to do some work 
I wna play baccarat now so bad! Everyone's going to genting tomorrow  I want to win enough for 2.55.. IN LUVVVVVV
talking to Drew about his party tomorrow.... can't wait.....     we'll all miss you Andrew 
i has got a fever..  h1n1 perhaps?? XP
"@phoenixq It's totally random now. Some nights can be real good music, others its pish. "
scolded by mummy. 
Searching for breakfast. 
@xcarcrashhearts me too 
i deeeeeeeeefinately have pink eye 
tumblarity - miÃ©rt esik a tumblarity-m?? ( a mai napon 215-rÅ‘l 165-re? )  http://tumblr.com/xjs25dzu4
Knock on wood... She stopped throwing up! But she still won't eat! 
"@paperboy1 too little place, but it is better to be a victim than to increase brutality. O, that sounds quite religious "
"have had my dinner, read the papers. n now readin alil on my business class training notes.. "
@MarleeMatlin can't wait to read your book! Too bad it's going to take so long to get to Australia 
not feeling well again. Something's up. I think it's time i went to the docs 
I miss my boyfriend 
is up and ready of another day of school and homework 
"@DorisDweeb please miss, where do you buy your happiness? Mine always saddens after a couple hours "
@DiGi_Valentine  your lunch schedule sucks even more than mine. Isn't it a legal requirement you get a break after 6 hours or something?
"Aroundd the house! [: A/C guy here, and phone is coming around 7!  oh well. at least i know when its coming now! be back later."
This sucks i think my shower is broken 
I Think Im Gona Cryy .. Hairdresser Just Pulled Out  I Have NO Hairdresser For Prom
my head is killin me this morning 
I'm gonna start coming on this more ofte... I have been neglecting it 
@DidiluvsomeWood Today is the day. My last one  its impossible to ever be ready for something like this.
"SARAH!- poor moe  Sorry to hear, at least you still have Whiskers,Zuzu, and Cuddles (sry idk how to spell are theyr names."
weeee no he visto up 
"Its at times like this I really miss my Gran, I would of phoned her just to say Hello and it upsets me so much that I can't. "
Final report is ahead  looks I'll be stay awake tonight  bye my beddy!!!!!
Workin at the tanning bed until 3:30 
"Soo, they'd be in music right about now. Aw man i miss @BadSuperhero @ramz95 and Dionne. Wish i was at school with ya! "
my sisterrr has apendicitis. ahhhh. what about the @ddlovato concert ?! 
June Gloom is back 
I'm tired. No work today or tomorrow! Poor keagan 
Trading in the old clunker for something new today.  Now I can't quit my job for sure. 
@Karboso OMG! I'm sorry! I fell asleep while talking 2 u! LOL! I was laying in bed w/ my phone &amp; woke up @ 3am and was like OH shit! LOL! 
"@tina1997  ... i think he will realy get PARANOID  poor nick ( nick im sry   ) ... u know .. i love him ...but, i luv him mor than u"
@cynthiagunit aw man I'm really sorry to hear that  I hope she's ok =/
I'm so damn hungry... but there's nothing to eat here! 
Coming Home   But Orientation tomorrow!!!!
Working at the office today. I miss my house and my setup. 
"Watching my kids play at Kulturen, Lund. Thinking about #vacation and work I have to do tonight "
@Rayzorblades : really? man i really really wanted to see that movie? 
I want to go on Miley's Tour 2009! But I cannot  I live in Germany and she don't comes to Germany  I'm sooooo sad ...
@thediaperclutch That doesn't seem to be working for us. She just sits in the wet pants. 
@vaLewee I hate u!!! I want some too!!! 
*sigh* i didn't get the full 5 points... 
@debbiedoesraw   you know she's going to miss you too!  xx
its so beautiful outside!  Too bad its about 200 degrees out there   DC - order IN with TakeoutTaxi wwww.finefood2u.com
about Miley...and IÂ´m sure that you come besides...but mum wake me up 
 did not win my w and y tix...i am determined... excited for tonight yardhouse with my favesss... ONE WEEK!!!!!!
bored out of my tree at work 
We're looking for a mid-level developer. Being born in July a bonus as that's a cake-free month here  http://www.firewater.net/careers
"I have a bad feeling about today  I already got yelled at, my breakfast was terrible, what else could go wrong ?!?!"
- I hate waking up when you're in the middle of the best dream ever 
in 2 days I'm moving....From a big House to a small apartment 
dinner with julia. im gna miss my babe 
Going to court sux! 
@Kimberly_x3 about Miley...and IÂ´m sure that you come besides...but mum wake me up 
"@plecroybrown Obviously, at home.  Why can't I send you a DM?  Your name isn't available. "
Why am I not at #reboot11 ?!?!?! 
And then the sun comes out and i'm melting in my wellies. 
At work WISHING I was on my way to the BET Awards. 
Flyer tomorrow.. hopefully . 
In one hell of a bad mood today hatfever is doing my head in and everything else is just blah blah meh I think I just need a big hug 
@krapposelli I know!!!! 
@QueenofDixie Oh no!   Hope it gets better...
@reneetan Still working   I look forward to bringing me mum out - hopefully this weekend 
@AnnaHeredia and you sooo didnt say hi  
"@LaurettaVR con chi ce l'hai? ;) I updated our myspace ;) in the forum I will go tonight, now I have to study! uff  xoxo"
mau otp dong huu 
summer is summer and I wish I was on vacation! 
At the beach!! The waves suck 
Both my grandparents on my fathers side passed today. At least they went together 
"@littyblive yeah, your blog is still messed up  but I'm spreading the video of our nightmare tstorms from a couple weeks ago."
@dima767 Maven is great when you've got Maven ninjas to help you when you're in trouble ;-) But it requires too deep expertise 
"that was a midterm? i probably didn't even kick it's ass, but it seemed easy enough. also. why aren't i out of class now &amp; napping? "
@rocsidiaz Take me wit u! 
"To all that I need to ship stuff to,I dont think Ill get around to doing it till Monday  I know I said today but I dont think Ill have ..."
It's too early 
@nerdynotdirty I feel the same way 
@simon_sabin  my son is making his mother chocolate chip pancakes  this morning. I already ate. 
peel Park out  5 laps to go #cmim
Getting ready to go to work... 
@tubbsmcguire I am. If I greened my picture it would be less about Iran and more about Glastonbury eyes 
@missemilyjane42 That sounds like a damn fine night of music. Too bad Halifax is a million hours away from everywhere 
Learning learning learning. But I cant concentrate. 
"Sadness, that totally wasn't my location.  GPS must be on the fritz."
WTH? y u acting like that? :| 
is really really sore ugh  legs are sore needs a massage.
@lotsofadybugs I think so only ah! &gt;&lt; And i can't go to support you guys.. HQ doesn't allow cause of H1N1 
@iheartnynuk sorry... 
i removed the L  from lover n now its all OVER 
i have no more strawberries  im sitting outside my bfs house in his driveway waiting for him....ughh why do boys move so slow?
@jansmith trouble is I have no phone  &amp; my hubby is traveling in NZ for next two weeks with kids - so we will both be out of contact
So I'm still sick and of course I did too much yesterday and it got worse. So I'm trying to get some sleep and what happens? The AC dies. 
@sky327 Mornin' sunshine!  I'm so jealous I won't be in Chicago tomorrow!    Give my boys an extra long squeeze for me!
Done! Ahh IDK how I did 
Why did I wake up with chest pains? 
ive lost a couple followers ~ didnt think i was that bad  hehe..........
Does anyone else have issues w/ MacBook Pro power cords? I love Apple but this power cord is falling apart and is only a few months old. 
Heat posioning  Keep getting sick n it hurts to move! I need my Bubba!! Cant wait till after his band practice to see him...
@lmswalmcara overcast and cool in RI for a change 
Someone washed my jacket. Now it fits all wrong. 
@MaryKay26 What do you do when you cut all your hair off &amp; then you passionately HATE IT!!! I made a BIG mistake   ((HUGS))
@sjharting I got the cheapest webcam I could find at FutureShop for $40. Only prob is that I can't vlog on it if i want to.. 
"i'm thinking of going to my aunt's house to overnight there. BUTBUT, i want to learn guitar first! cause there has a guitar! no keyboard. "
@themaggiekelly awww im sorry 
He has to put me under to inject both sides of my jaw. I'm terrified of being on anesthesia again bc it made me sick last time. 
soo devo that i cant see @MYFUTURELIES at hype 
@treviott no but I was really friendly!!  
"@therealhaz Wow, 12:30am? That's amazing, wish crazy stuff like that happened down here "
has 11 misquito bites...one on my face... 
@trooppetrie I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
"@theamazingPeebs Lucky you, got to work til 4:30 "
thinks I need to get ready for work  I pray these next 8 hours fly by!! X-( http://plurk.com/p/13w2qf
"talking to @lishannn now, still craving for murtabak "
@funkyfannys omg... SO not edible- and worse than crusty crumbs-  tobacco leaves and lip gloss  my purse is gross! i wish i was a granny!
"lack of sleep is making me feel sick, so I don't particularly fancy going out to get some shopping but it seems that's the only way. "
"@savannawalker ya, tweetmic is only for iphones...  btw, check out http://www.bubbletweet.com/ u might like it..."
So the closer it gets to my state final skills part the more nervous I get... I have never been this nervous in my life 
RIP Steven Wells http://bit.ly/n8Chy (via @TheFiver) tragic loss of an utter genius! 
"BiggerPockets is back after a brief bit of downtime this morning.  Thanks to those of you who let us know, and for the wake up call "
Morning!!! I woke up with a huge headache  wtf why is it always raining ughhh
@digenger Havin' trouble finding pet-friendly places. 
"Mom's not any better, and she slept over 12 hours. Just waiting on my friend to see if she can take us to the hospital. "
@GGSerena sorry I only had $20 on me at the time 
Why my blog no talk to twitter no more? 
Is still in the car. 25c  hot
@chelsea_playboy noooo  take them off ;)
There is nothing worse on a conference call than someone directly coughing in to the phone 
@peterelst I tried to get at that one but it was fully booked  got Hotel California
"Good Morning Twitt-world... Whats everybody up to? I'm stuck @ work, wishiN I was still asleep "
@MakeupLoveer ohmigod...! you poor thing!!  that's terrible...was there much in it?
my mom is so fuckig stupid   i hate her ( i cry you ask why ? because of my mom  she has struck me !
fell frm the swing  
@mikemackay i know I've checked it 3 times 
@Alexandracopley hum...I must change film. 
@brennasanchez Yeah we did that too. It looked like sprinkles on a cupcake 
@RJCox Snail mail is slow in all aspects 
whaaat? how come I am following so many people? i haven't even pressed follow on them.. and i don't even know who half of them are.. 
got to go to work 
"@evAllTimeLow haha, yeah, i love tap tap revenge, but i dont have an ipod touch, i only have a nano, so i cant have them  hah!"
Going to class...missing my partner in crime 
@chellelola i miss you already. 
It is WAY too cold in this building!! I just know I'm gonna get sick 
@AymenTV Nope! I've given up 
"My goodness! I haven't used twitter for weeks!  well, i'm online again via mobile. Haha."
"SHAYCARL I NEED YOU HELP no one fallows me on twitter, what should i do? when no one fallows you i guess that means im a boring person  ~E"
About to go running. Hope it's not too hot outside 
Going to class with less sleep than I would like.  I hope I don't try to catch up instead of learning... 
 I just want a couch &amp; chaise lounge that's not hideously ugly.  Is that too much to ask?  Any suggestions where I should look? Help me!
been up since 6 
Is beyond tired. And hungry. And doesn't want to go to work  http://myloc.me/5ABP
"@habereet, my jaw. I have a severe case of TMJ that basically causes pain through my shoulder, neck and back--debilitating pain. "
Suddenly wishing that we had a Taco Bell here.   I want tacos and quesadillas.
hurt my toe today 
@winterriot 
@RiddlerMusic Hope so! Checking...   
"enjoyin the sun again today, pity work calls later "
@NickitoFresh at work  I HAVENT slept a solid 8 hrs since i got back to this hell hole lol
@Jen_Cook Thanks for the quick review. It's too bad that the movie wasn't as good as the book.  
I'm at work and not feeling well 
"My foot hurts and I need to run 10 miles in a couple of days.  I feel like my shoe is laced up way too tight, but it's not.  "
"@Laird_Attwood Drive fast when works finished, want you to come home, feel really ill  (in an actual i-might-have-a-virus way  )"
"@theaardvark Yeah, that's the problem. Unfortunately licensing probs prevent us from using anything else "
@luanemic We were there yesterday 
I can't believe Big Bang's release was cancelled... 
Omg. Why is Agi losing? 
Sweating!  The AC isn't working on my side of the house! 
 back to square one.
When is Roddick playing @ Wimbledon? Does somebody know? Anyone? 
Sat on a bench on the common waiting for my MOT. This is going to cost 
"says huuuaaaa , besok ngambil raport  http://plurk.com/p/13w3hz"
@anneeliz and now they have to come out... 
"@JustineCullen I stupidly listened to my brain and let him think I wanted nothing to do with him, I should have listened to my heart "
Just called T-Mobile again about my iPhone: Error in the Bank-Account-Number. Phone will arrive mid of next week ... 
"@KaydeeJean this yr is going so fast, I can't believe its almost the 4th, its all down here from there for summer "
@Hotnew eep! that sucks  *hug*
my latest effor is sad 
"I woke up at 1pm today,  I've got a water-day, whats that? I CAN'T EAT ANYTHING,  I can only drink water.. umm, and tea, which is water "
"@shanedawson your new channel design (and every other than uses the new ones) is ugly, please change it back "
I could totally go for an iced coffee if there were any ice in the building. 
Looks and feels sick... Ugh ewww.. 
has had a lovely tuna salad off the gmtv bikini diet this is the best diet ive ever done so much yummy food !!!! im now off bk 2 work 
can't wait to see charlotte!!!!!!! kinda really   with my dad right now. seriously.. sigh.
@sunnyside__up aw paula.  i love you!
@alanjmcgee me neither. shit that's sad. he was one of the good guys  thanks for posting that.
iPhone twitter clients and Push http://jerakeen.org/notes/2009/06/125128358/ not in the near future 
It's been a very exhausting day...feeling worn out already!! 
My take on Transformers....wait for it. hahahaha. it was unbelieveable..and not in a good way! *sigh*  
I cannot get in touch with my bebep 
I forgot about this friend I have. We used 2 b close..then one day I decided 2 ignore her. she still txts me every few mths w/ a 
@jemmahatty You promised us no aneamic breasts 
Come on juan 
"loves his friends so much... our fun times: painting, upward bound, herbert...  gahhh i love you guys :'("
Heading to a debriefing at the EOC. Guess they need to talk to people if you were there when they pull a 5 year olds body from the lake 
I am beginning to forget what the sun looks like 
Idk what to do today 
headache 
"my twitter scope is usually 90% right, odd.  just try to rise again?"
Is at work 
"@SweetyCBS I was shopping for the kids, not for me. Sorry. "
Noooooooooo the chocolate timbits are gone   little bitches hahaha
says I'M LEFT WITH ONE LAST HOMEWORK! and i think that i wont finish it today  . i wanna finish my homework!... http://plurk.com/p/13w3pw
"grieving the loss of someone close to me, and wishing I had one more chance to say goodbye. "
@summerkiss he is taking my car there..yes my car that i just put 200 in for tires now the muffler needs done  pray for $ blessing
i wanna go to GLASTO  sad times 
Social last class 
@Kenichan *huggles* Sorry hear that Keni... 
Those days are gone...yes they are.   â™« http://blip.fm/~8urqz
@AnoopDoggDesai hi there anoop.... it kinda SUCK cuz maybe i can't join the chatting time this june28. i'm not available during the time 
"@Saradia yeah wooooooooooo! rock on! (took 2 codein earlier, totally sleeeeepy right now     )"
@thomasgoodwin Errands that take faaaaaaar toooooo loooooong! 
Oh so THIS is what they mean by 'feeling low'... 
"Dear lower back, please stop hurting. I cant take you any longer "
"@simplecake @LizeeH It's true, it is just Michael. I'm actually a man  but shhh! I don't want anyone to know..."
A fly just tried to go in my ear   me in hills and running is not a good combo
@VOLTAGErockcity I thought she'd win it too! Not fair  haha
"@tired_mommie Is she ok now? Poor her, poor you! I owe you an e-mail but seem to have lost the original  I'll make something up :-D"
good morning! in class. someone save me! 
"common denominator of my last two not-feeling-well-moments, OYSTERS!  Someone tell me what to do because i don't want to stop eating them "
@BreBaby143 and Im thinking the closest i'll get to them is 4th row in Indy no 5* for me 
Farah Fawcett given last right 
@DaniAlexLuna hey u! how r things? i've been going nkotb crazy-just got back from Cleveland OH- only 1 more show then my tour ends 
@codinghorror an iphone can survie a drop on the floor. Mine went face down on pavement. It did not survive. 
"@orbie23 @lynsoliver @Paraldasfyre @Fairywispa Well, I tried to get an acupuncture appointment, but they couldn't fit me in  Doing my"
"well thats explain why i feel so tired, i got fever what a bumer "
Being at my brothers college orientation thing really makes me miss cuse 
i don't know what to do i must kill someone but i don't know where he is  ! help plz  !!
"@Donnie Wahlberg - NK dancers are amazing, and talented - I applaud those girls for a great job - I don' t think many give them credit "
Records retention policies are a PITA. 21 CFR Pt 11 is a PITA. Sarbanes Oxley is a PITA for a PM sometimes 
Records retention policies are a PITA. 21 CFR Pt 11 is a PITA. Sarbanes Oxley is a PITA for a PM sometimes 
@nonquickoatmeal omg you're right. horrifying. delirium. wish you were coming on our weekend adventure!! 
Today ill go play some 360 because im sick 
25$ only gets me half a tank. 
Heading out to a work day with church peoples! Then will watch them play paintball; can't play myself due to herniated disc and stuffs 
Miranda reports after having 4 wisdom teeth removed yesterday: &quot;I ate some green tea ice cream in the early am. I couldn't sleep.  &quot;
"im soo freaking craving a good sandwich...or something, ive been craving to eat SOLID food instead of noodles all the time "
 its 10 am nd i cant sleep any more nd no1 will wake up
I think i'm hungry again  - http://tweet.sg
@NaomiLovesJB_x Not in the mood to get ready 
Short run today - 1 mile in 9 min 30...  
My bangs are all messed up. 
i miss you  http://plurk.com/p/13w4fg
twitter is in meltdown haha!  I don't want to follow U.S. sports and fashion freaks go away.  It won't even let me delete them! bah 
getting ready to paint my bathroom cabinets 
@kv same thoughts about pre. But its going to be near 30+k in india I guess 
I'm soooo shleeeeeeeeeepy 
@dbowen57 tell kels i wish i was there 
"my leg is still hurt, "
Yoville's buggy today  Someone call an exterminator.
really dont wanna leave my class  we have so much fun together!!
is too hot  needs ice-cream =D
@DatMad how was the party I wanted to come unuh 
i miss my good friend. been a few days already. 
can't believe they blocked twitter from work too! 
"Lesson learned, no more all nighters when i have to work 430 to 130 "
Driving back home to dothan! Work this afternoon and ethics assignment  Bleh
I hate it when people yell  some things are just so unnecessary
http://bit.ly/HudH1  i wish i could sing  im listening to this instead of homework hah
im up waaaaay to Early 
@dtanton nah  I don't like iced coffee give me the real thing!
@iDeKay i love TACO bell aewesum as HECK but mom nevar taeks me there but once a month 
@faerieimp ur bb can wifi? Mine can't...  Keep updating then! 
Its FINALLY my day off!!! Yeah for me!!!!  It has been a long week.  Now to see what is wrong with my CAR???  
HELP ME HELP ME HELP ME I am bored like hell 
@1iranian i'm sorry... i know that not everyone has twitter... i was just retwitting 
"Morning, wok eup too early "
Ohh m ge..eurgh cnt hear nething wiv all the drilling goin on opposite..too too loud! bring me some ear muffs argh! 
why won't my background change? 
boo for Blackberry having extra characters for texts. 
@T_Roguestar  This is why we can't have nice things
housework is calling 
Eh where is the sun gone???! 
GOOD MORNING FELLOW TWEETERS! packing for my trip to Panama City. Gotta million things to do today including a Bio exam  hope i finish up
"Yep now gotta fix a flat, my spare tire is flat "
Why does everyone feel that twitter is boring?  I am so going to change their mindset. HAHA.
Kid in class got my sn. Smh* it was Jo 
How did I reach 25 without a single best &quot;friend&quot; male or female? I have plenty of &quot;associates&quot; though. Clearly this isn't healthy. 
Cant wait to see my baby on tuesdayyy. . miss u   Xxxxxxx
floods in the Czech Rep. AGAIN 
Rolled my ankle at work last night. Don't know how well I'm going to do with training now.  http://dailymile.com/e/zHX
@mbd if we 5 are successful: 200 sadarses. If we are not: 5 sadarses 
Still looking for good news which is represent peace but i think they are really few 
"why did i choose MBA!!!! whats the point in doing 1 thing that everyone else is doing, i thought it didn't need brains  uaaaaaa"
"I miss you , my honey  Come back......... please"
awh am currently an insomniac I CNT SLEEEPP  need sick rest  tomrw is guna suckk
"@Emsparks i had to time to go buy one before dance either, and right now i cant be bothered to go to the shop as its to hot! "
Sick today  coding from the couch.
school  but last day =D
such sad news this morning...my thoughts and prayers are with my friend brian and his family 
such sad news this morning...my thoughts and prayers are with my friend brian and his family 
the weather is soooo great and IÂ´m sitting here in the office 
"@PLPhotography cool thats wzzup, damn u saw it already lol , I jealous.. shit tickets prob sold out this week "
Taking Grandma to chemo today. I hate hospitals. 
delaying the inevitable... Work in half an hour 
@KennyAshleyxoxo i need to know the same ... 
Too many people at the starbucks drive thru!!!!!!!!!!! Ahhhhhh! I guess coffee from the grungy old office coffee pot it is 
i guess ill go back to work...   
Missing the boyfriend. 
I miss my hubby  gk ketemu 2 hari...hiks
@sivajayaraman please - I have stopped taking tea/coffee from the vending machine.  I drink a glass of hot water instead 
Sitting in traffic just crawling along I hate construction 
I can't wrinkle my nose anymore 
@purplerazberryy TY bff. i feel like i haven't seen U in months. hope U all have fun @ Ronnie's party.  i will take all the drunk dials!;D
wishes she was reading a novel instead of faking study for her exam tomorrow. Pretending to study is really exhausting. I'm so run-down 
Wants this pain to go away so I can go to YATEC. But I probably won't be able to go. Blah 
@missyelam But what would I do without my tv shows??? I'm addicted to Showtime. 
@velmalikevelvet Hmm...maybe it's best if you hold it (then I don't have to pack/unpack it!) but I want it NOW 
@whatcassiesaid i have barely even had energy to leave my bed let alone the house  it's kinda worrying me now
is at home watching Criminal Minds and then Las Vegas and then.... forced myself to sleep!! 
Going to the final Third year discipleship  then off to bowl and eat ice cream with the #GTAustin Staff the @GT20mobile Great day
back from school.. Hard day 
@bballgal_508 hey jules! i know uve prob texted me somewhere down the line... my phone's not working right now  r we still on for July 4??
And all the horses have small cuts on there hawks 
@avengedpunk GTS you mad woman!  i want you to feel better!
Is back to reality 
Working in College Park today 9-5. I hate new places 
"is jobhunting, it fucking sucks when you're in direct competition with 3 of your BFs...   "
So.screwed up getting the morning suits for my bros wedding  now alex and I will end up in spiderman costumes ( I kid J. Will get sorted)
"@JustineCullen no he was the right one, he was the only one and as usual I screwed up, I think ive lost my bff also "
is bummed out.  http://plurk.com/p/13w58h
doesn't like dogs who chew on books.... 
feels guilty for lying.  this is y i dont lie.
It's only 10 and it's already SO hot. 
Afraid of what's gonna happen when Howard gets home. 
http://twitpic.com/8dcd0 - The leach field and septic tank debacle continues.   
Wish I could change tags for past posts  #e2conf48 to #e2conf47
"Once again my debugger won't attach to a Silverlight process, and once again I have no idea why "
"i don't know, i'm so confused "
it feels like i'm coming down with something...  *away! away!*
"@catnip Oh, if I wasn't full of the lurg I'd bite your arm off for them - was lem &amp; didn't get any "
The results werent  good...waiting for more info 
"@bobby_todd No its wednesdays, I hate.. "
man its sooo nice out...but my back hurts like no other 
"Was running late to my train, pushed my bike so hard I dislodged the handle bars "
Not sure why I try to give blood anymore... it seems like I fail the test 2 out of 3 tries  
is so so tired...omg this day is gonna suck 
can't believe it has been one year already.. yet the pain I feel whenever i think about it is no less than what i felt before. 
"@sueupton Be glad it's warm there! It's been rainy, dreary, and cool here in the Northeast  #dumbledore"
"Thank f**k works finished, now jobs at home to do "
@launton d'oh chaffing would make for a very unhappy experience   I shoulda powdered
woke up early  helluh tiredd. text it(:
Yup - late for work!   But not nearly as late as the UN an international &quot;human rights&quot; organizations are in working to free #Gilad !
I have a sunburn. That really hurt 
In class 
"feeling soo dayum good , its too hot to go anywhere . "
http://www.oceanup.com/3.html nick testifying for diabetes. he pricks his finger 12 times a day  We need a cure for type 1 diabetes!!
"hmm what to do today....nothing as per  wish i had my car  or even better wish people would remember i exsist, haha -_-"
about to watch &quot;he was a quiet man&quot; anyone watched it? scary yes/no? thoughts? its 2am so warn me if its scary 
@kellymccausey Can you believe he's a year older already! It goes by so fast 
"I'll definitely missed the net, the aircon and many stuffs when I stayed on the dorm already.. "
"@Rachelle_Lefevr  Great interview this morning on KAK. Hope you enjoying Australia, pitty you couldn't make it to Adelaide "
Can't w8 till next weeks pay day already this weeks shocking pay 
@yqlairotciv I think I'll miss you even more! Aw. 
@marshallbu *shudders*...good luck with the test. I'm all test'd out. I got class and homework for the majority of my day 
I wish you would just stop 
@freakgoddess okay thats it ..i am real hungry now . thnks to u i m also craving for reshmi kababs but can't hav one cauz its thursday.. 
just spilled my cup of coffee all over me. it was so embarassing. 
Talking to Jonathan on the phone 
I wanna go to ibiza now... O cant wait to aug 
"@Secretshowcase a damn, wish i could make it bro "
"@JessieHand ugh i know, stupid clouds!! i forget what the sun looks like! i cant go to aqua sunday  im pisssssed."
Leavers Day tomorrow...I don't wanna leave 
"Is Still @ The Office And Running Late!!! Om Half 5 Een Meeting In Amsterdam, Ik Ga Het NOOIT Redden "
#22725 - The Anonymous Hugging Wall in London .. I want to hug too  http://viigo.im/01yT
@elaineching i kena before so do understand u guys feeling ....  my 3 previous LV gone !!!
At Erica's house responding to emails/messages then headed to the pool for some Q.T. with the cuzzos and homeboy before I leave Saturday 
Lol cheer up fat Asian blob. I'll see meeeee yay ugh I bruised my elbow today cleaning my room 
i feel like shit 
@BrianNippon do you have those Hate demos? myspace blocked the links 
@TexasFella68 LSU - I heard  Crap!
"@moidem frst off, happy b-day belated...2nd, its not alwaya that simple "
European championship gets closer. Just 2 month. And my horse is still lame 
nuts. apple store couldn't fix iPhone &amp; can't replace international ones 
@criistina26  just when i appear you leave!  hahah talk later ok? love ya girl! â™¥
Does anyone know how to treat sunburn? 
"@aada Try to have fun, even though it sucks so badly "
"@fauxrean haha, I usually don't have a hangover, but this morning I woke up w one.  Sucks.  "
@Richard_RN I think you are pretty much right on that one. 
can't get any ticket.. 
Wishing she had mula baby to bo get some tacos from the taco lady. 
"@Alliemolson...allikins, man we need to get this thing sorted out soon love! you know what sucks, im working on canada day "
ay! i think i have tendonitis in my right forearm...it'll feel like a rubber band is stretching and hurts every once in a while 
@jeffbowes oh jeff look what you did! @homelessamerica is following me now!! haha im  a jerk 
Another exciting game at the CWS -- but the ending was a dissappointment.   Better luck next year!
People who can't remember their passwords shouldn't try to tweet 
"Sweet! Going on a boat cruise today! A 3 deck ocean liner? Wow, I love my job already lol. (Going to miss nba draft though  )"
Am rocking a Bryan May hairdoo lol can NOT be arsed straightening it but a need too 
My Son got sick all on delivery  driver then bumped car in front. Every1 fine except woman pretending to have whiplash. shes delusional
OMG..last night Brii fell down a flight of stairs at a relatives house  she is fine...just sore.
Well my water heater is OFFICIALLY broken!!  No hot water!! I can't believe it!!
"Read to head back up the mountain, but wishing I could see a good friend too, who's in the opposite direction "
@han_geng I write for you again &lt;3 cuz I miss you 
"Crap: less than week till my exam and I haven't started the lessons yet, much less written my essays.  It's gonna be a FUN 5 days..."
isnt feeling much love today 
@UmbilicalBros But I'm in the US!! What about us?? 
@best_mistake http://snurl.com/kuql3 it seems like you need that video more than me right now. Get Better  I don't like seeing you sad 
WOW @keitholbermann worst person in the world SMH http://tinyurl.com/ncavfb what a shame 
@TweetDeck Why wont tweetdeck keep the group members in sync between computers? mine are definitely not 
Thursday? But I still have 2 more days to work 
@ambersimmons i'm going to keep looking. it seems that every one that looks good to me (ie: tweets my post) has not been tested. 
my &quot;curse&quot; are showing!!! and I can only get rid if them after july 01  
"Good news this morning.Wish I was as excited as everyone else  Will happen, has to happen, waited over 6 mo. 4 it. Make 'em proud."
@zulacat mommy says I can't lay in socks cuz i will poop and pee on dem. 
@cookiecat57 Lucky! There is no sign of the sun here. 
"dang it, had a meeting today but it was rescheduled to next month...i shaved for nothing "
Markus walks! It's official. Just filmed it with my telephone but seems the camara wasn't on after all. 
i am not a fan of dry spells 
stuck a whole hour outside home. i should carry my keys more often. 
i feel sick. i think i didn't cook my lunch right :| and i don't wanna go to workkkk. boooo 
@MimiHotLips  my lunch was rubbish... just a crappy sandwich  Now eating my fresh box of fruit.. pic to follow!
Oh man. I'm having flu again  Please let me be well tomorrow!!!!!! 
I totally jacked up my neck an my back (and my crack). Would muscle relaxers help? Never took em before. Anyone got any? 
@ work in pain my back has been killing me!!! a old injury keeps acting up with the rain!  cant wait for this pain pill to kick in
This sickness is annoying. Go away already. 
Last day with the kids is always bitter sweet.....   I'll miss the little guys actually...  
feel terrible on swimwear! Who to do? 
how to makes him understand about this......... 
In a meeting until 5pm  wondering when I'm meant to fit in my day job!
"Need to go jobhunting tomorrow, which means I need to write a CV... boring "
going back to sleep! I'm cranky 
"just locked herself out  god, do i hate calling the lock&amp;key service ... i seem to being doing that a lot lately *sigh*"
home from school. have to learn so much 
"@switchfoot Yup, waking up's such a chore! "
AAAHHH does anyone near EUR have an iPhone charger? I need one.  Mine's at home and my batteries are running low. 
Mmph.  Too many hash browns at breakfast...or something.  Tummy hurts very muchly now.  
Have a good day @cp9549402809.. I miss you already 
"I just watched little league asia pacific baseball 2009 @ senayan. Whoaaa, but too bad for Indo "
gutted that i have no telly to watch Wimbers... more gutted about the whole Rafa thing  who do i support now my boy's not playing???
"Here's the @eyeweekly ad for Comedy Above The Pub Tonight. http://bit.ly/hRZQn Still not in the comedy grid, though.   http://bit.ly/AChsO"
Have to do stupid chores 
@kellypuffs That is sad  What happened to it?
paddy mcgunniess' older brother has been voted off coach trip  this is a sad day for Bolton
life sucks sometimes 
I just dont understand... Everything has been so good lately 
"Sigh, nobody wants to play twitter with me.  Anyway, need to go sleep now and wake up to study!"
@phiggins Doesn't it though?  I just cant understand the need unless there is something added that needs to be in the sys classpath.
@Tw1sty you're already pretty! 
Just finished my sushi snack pack and realised I forgot all about the wasabi! 
"At acting right now, it is going to suck! "
"my life is going down the shitter right now  , but I do have somethings that are looking on the up and up"
I miss Techmex..there I said it 
http://twitpic.com/8dcow - I didn't know what the hell this was until I went to the hospital and it was hives! Can't eat walnuts! 
@lyrahs_ yup but she cant meetup on fri so im thinking if i shld still get it.whatya think? 
what is wrong with me... i'm soooooo tired!! 
http://twitpic.com/8dcp0 - makes me think of the last time.. 
Up a little earlier than the last couple days but only by a little over an hour. 
Wants hair dreads so badly now. No money 
@Accessories_UK - hope itn stays good for you guys ... here we are definitely expecting thunder storms 
i messed up 
when is MizMM going to online? when when when? 
"New tv, new tv! Wanna go set it up now  http://mypict.me/5AHl"
My face is still peeling from my beach visit 2 weeks ago. 
"@lmsantiago Inevitably, the lawn mower quit on me once I got to the backyard. It's beyond my skills (and time) to figure it out. "
@Micrathene RE twitterfox - me too. Boo 
my internet keeps shuting down whenever i try to bookmark something... and i bookmark everything 
I almost got hit by a car. it didn't stop 
Motivation....anyone got any spare - struggling today 
loving the new jonas brothers cd they are just too adorable.  wish i could go to their concert 
"@cosmorays YESYESYES,budden I need the ribbon.It has run out of ink. "
@mandleh soak up the sun boy  jealous
The radio really knows how to kick you in the balls. 
@Denyalle Good morning! It's hot and humid here. Clouds are forming for rain and thunderstorm later today 
Sleeping before a busy travel day tomorrow. It seems strange not having my little dog at home though 
@Shontelle_Layne Good?  nothing. the weather's bad here.
such a great day outside sun is shining and it is ssoo warm and i'm working 
working out sucks 
@OrganGrinder_  i wanted them to talk about the footy lol coz shes a qld and he is NSW
oooooh! Sugar Honey Ice Tea!!!! 
@laura_thompson Noes .   But I did learn some valuable lessons or some junk so it's cool.
when @imogenheap replied to me she told me Ellipse comes out aug 4th. I could listen to it on the beach. now with it out aug 24.... 
Apologies to  #jiscrscnw09 organisers for my earlier tweets. Crucial emails to me not received due to voracious spam filter and RBLs 
Fish just keep disappearing in the tanks at work. Two of the babies have gone missing and my pleco is MIA. I'm a terrible fish keeper 
I forgot my dog koda outside all night last saturday IN THE RAIN!!  I woke up Sunday morning and was like OH NO!!  He was cold n wet 
@tommyreilly Jealous! I just tried to make an omelette and failed miserably 
Elimination diet seems to work - no meds for a week and still feel fab.  Alas it seems the things that are in everything are the bad ones 
Just saw an All Pro Sound truck and it made me go 
@msnoody Anthony Hamilton hurt his foot &amp; Doc told him to stay off of it  He didn't make it in-studio but he will be on stage tonight!
@theoreticalgurl sorry to hear there will be no tweets 
@NaNaByB NOOOOOOO THIS IS DEVASTATING NEWS!how u got sick in the summer?!?! 
have a really sore throat and i think i also have a fever  not good
"@toolface oh i haven't seen that one but yeah, it was a rerun.  good, they should cancel it, for the kids. D:"
@eserei27 No it is not Sept 21st yet. 
@MandyCharlton  hugs!
Just ended my nightly phonecall with the bf... I miss him.  8 more days till we see each other for the weekend!
sitting watching harry potter with major toothache  !!!
@bargainbriana me too! i hate that because you feel completely wired and anxious until the majority of it is done 
wonders why are my friends in FB and PLURK have this common sickness...*sigh*  http://plurk.com/p/13w7av
"This is how tired I am. Its 3pm &amp; I've only just woken up. Shock, horror! My throat is sore &amp; my nose is blocked "
@deaconblade @zaam  #OMC @dangerdoll @esko @deadlycyclone Guerilla's been used. 
@JessObsess yeahh! she protected all her updates  and i think bdens type ryhmes with smemma smamilton ;)
i dont want him to go!!! 
Well off to skool  n sweet dreams
Close friend Leaving town for good  I wish you all the best Russ!
"@thejazzter The usual - polishing my badge, getting tips, helping in any way I can! Wish I was out in the sun "
@princesspixel i had to request it! i was so confused about it the first time i thought doing it again might help. it didn't 
In summer school. Not in a good mood right now 
I'm so damn tired. 
early :l and I put the same darn jeans on as yesterday. ughh. I don't like the morning.bespecially when you have nine hours of math ahead 
Aaaaaaaa its tooooooooo hot at work  I'm melting !
Last sweet was meant to be in reply to @eXpSG. @fail 
@TiaLaw morning trouble. I'm having male problems 
"In fact, I hope I get my cut today. Amal's away this weekend "
Still feeling sick. Waste my days off being sick 
@dv21_9 not LIVING inside the &quot;village&quot;.. but abt 9hrs inside the &quot;village&quot; is as good as living in it hor??.. 
why why why why why why did i not get tickets for T in the PARK??  boo whore!
I need some sleep but I just can't  http://myloc.me/5AIs
I think @Cztron made me sick this morning LOL  
my scion baby needs new kicks asap 
"NOOOOO! SCHOOL HOLIDAYS ARE NOT EXTENDED. Common tests next week, I am really screwed "
i shower myself with cold freezing water hahahahaha 
WE FAILED 
"ZuneHD looks great! OLED screen @720p, HDMI, only issue is that I have an iPhone and 2 iPods  . MAKE IT A PHONE and ill buy it @microsoft"
Fuck! This is so not what I needed this morning 
@bemy_zombiehero you have sun?  i don't 
vince! please get better! im getting worried! 
Disappointed.. 2 eng flicks out and both have shit-laden reviews 
I cud be in Southampton right now  damn them stupid trains!!!
Woke up early to feed my cat. Forgot he was gone. 
@NajiahYahya yeah dead date  hehh apakan
"@mollydotcom Chin up Molz. It could always be worse - you could be on fire, that'd suck. "
Ok... That last beer last night might not have been the best idea 
@xCherryDeVillex  i thought i was the husband to be ...
mouth is killing me  @ Home http://loopt.us/wTUEkQ.t
I miss my cats. Seriously. So much that I'm going thru their pictures at work. 
I want to go ouuuuuuuuut!! Air free pleaaase! 
I'm getting a headache 
"@funkyfannys ahahahah! i luvs it! a frisky granny, at that! and yea, i'm kinda regretting the second cup "
"@KevinRuddPM hey, I have an assignment draft due tomorrow, and I havent started. I look at it and all it says is nothing to me  Crisis."
is absolutely nakerd 
My stomach is still punishing me 
Gah... feeling dizzy and nauseous  I think I'll go sleep the rest of the day X_x
"Smashed my ankle while bowing. Ball = over 5kg, speed = around 40km/hr, impact on bone, do the math "
"@anyidiot_Tori  Just sucks cuz the better team didn't win the series, just one game "
Going to whitewater today. Should be fun with little middle schoolers 
At work! Hungover... 
I'm saddened by the sudden loss of my coffee pot. He will be sorely missed 
"I've never gagged puked in my mouth while eating ANY food and today it happened, thank you jack in the box you are 1 in a million... "
3 year old nephew running around naked touching his penis. Father in law tells him hands off in a shaming voice. I do not even understand 
apparently days can turn around real quick... 
why why why why why why did i not get tickets for T in the PARK??  boo whore!
i should start packing my flat up but i dont want to 
@Anitaestya yep very baaaaaad 
bored. dont want to sun bathe alone 
needs a new phone bad 
bored as ever   naty went 2 tlk 2 a frend so im alone    in this vehicle   when we get home i wish shed play crds    but she wont  
shit it didn't work  &lt;3 haha
Home! from the most amazing experience of my life! miss it already 
@CricCrack J'comprends rien 
waaah I suddenly miss bombay 
I am clean and I guess I don't have to take my grandma places... she wanted to go alone. I still have to work today though. 
I feel crappy 
Do you ever imagine the perfect dress? Pants? Shoes? And then hope someone somewhere made it so you can buy it? I am experiencing that 
awful day 
@Kenichan *sends pick me up and smile vibes* I sawwie day is crappy 
someone is hacking my account 
My car is still broken   I have places to go and people to see
"preparing for documentary filming later, office ready, staff ready, but construction crew destroying the sidewalk just outside our door "
"@caosmoker - Its about 100 miles between us, with nowhere significant in the middle!   Any ideas?"
I want to watch Transformers. 
When it rains it pours 
exhausted and I am really achy!! 
"@msilve Awwww, that stinks that you feel worse!  But yes, I am there in spirit making you Italian food, okay?&lt;3333"
i really really hope my Mama gets better 
Twitterfon just doesn't appear to be working for me today. 
Day 2 :: my tummy hurts 
duduk  manis dengerin debat capres.. makin gak simpati aja liat megawati .. 
"@Ismahyus OMG! Really? Nobody tell me, you know. Somemore my printer baru habis ink. "
"is on the bus going home, and a little pissed that none of the quizzes will work on her cell phone "
woke up to a spider dangling right above my head. i screamed. it fell. i think i swallowed it. 
sad that its sch to rain in west palm for my concert saturday 
Spoke too soon. One surgeon in behind closed doors. I thought they were only going to look at my foot and not chop chunks out of it 
Tireeeddddd. 
It's too early to be at work 
"OUCH ..Left my Kindle on Jet. If you are reading it now, judge me for the Ben Franklin biography, not the 15 books on self improvement. "
Waiting on phone repair man. Hoping to have my phones working soon  Also praying this is a better day
last day at the beach 
Last day in nyc 
@Bookgal link didn't work. 
People are talking bad about the movie Transformers  I guess ill be the judge of that. Going to see it this morning....
"@__zues I'm so malas. OMG Mi, lama tak jumpa, but I'll go for the sake of  you. Lala tak pergi tapi pls "
"@feylya Aww that's sweet, but I'm afraid the feeling is not mutual... "
@awalker2334 I'm sorry for your loss. 
Awwwww so cuteeeeeeeeeee! I miss parry!  - http://bit.ly/FLAI5
Why I get hungry now?? I had dinner 3hours ago 
"does not know how to remove people I don't want on here, anyone? I press remove but they come right back, makes Twitter really shitty "
hates when school kids talk about being &quot;FINALLY&quot; on holidays. I get four weeks a year gosh. I never have holidays 
"you know you're a bum when you think 10am is too early to be up.. i wanna go back to bed  man @dbuck82  , why'd you keep me up so late?lol"
my vacation is going too fast  Housecleaning day
Part of me wants to go to the gym to blow off this steam before this big meeting but part of me is like f*** it. Need to talk to my mom! 
"I just LOVE when I get 5 difft emails, each w/ a difft Word .doc that I can't open from my email app (T-Bird). YIPEEE! "
sadden by the images in the News Gazette yesterday 
@SoGoPro your link isn't working 
@katmuro awwww... I miss my not batman cup that krystal made me..   How's ur grandma?  (GET THIS! I ACTUALLY prayed last night!)
I don't like taking over a job for someone that was half azzin it 
I need to do some yoga or something. I've been so stressed out 
Is at home sick 
Can I go back to sleep please? 
http://twitpic.com/8dczs    i'm here but my hearts there. and so is all of the good parties ...   not inc. #glasto
"Just realized that I'm not actually funnier at 5 AM, it just FEELS like I'm funnier. "
in class again? are you serious?! 
Made it to the treadmill and I still fell like curling up and falling asleep! No nap today  We have Aquatic Preschool grad to attend.
Hi everybody... I'm at the library once again.... 
Got to go resign the lease  http://myloc.me/5AKu
Project Wonderful rejected me. 
@namyenoh I know  He'll just need to convince them this week. They don't know what they are missing. #y&amp;r
"could really use some donuts and orange juice right now  , but @padgettalicia has reprimanded me using the debit until more $ appears."
Dayum its only Thursday 
@countjackula what's wrong??  get better *cuddles**
"Today's going to be another one of those &quot;ohshitohshit I'm worrying about it&quot; days, I guess. I wish I could sleep at night. "
Borinnggggggggg! I hate the stupid cao forms 
  daughter's beloved diabetic dwarf hamster died in her hands this morning...all creatures are worthy of love. â™¥
Test tonight. Studying all day... 
My Record   http://bit.ly/16FjE9
@vindee I won't lie but sometimes I really really miss it!  even like the spoon of sugar in my oatmeal... 3rs july.. Cant wait !
@marcia724 well its already kinda hot. i can't imagine being an animal with those fur coats year round 
watching I'm A Celebrity... Thinking about last night       ughhhhh!!!!!
@Welpje Where did you go? 
"@brandonleblanc Brandon, It seems there are some probs with the video embedding in other websites "
"Have u ever seen the things doctors do to our pets?? I mean, it's scary sometimes looking at thermometres poking to my cat's ass "
I don't think I can make it... 
hates @ashtonmelancon's schedule for the next 2 weeks. 
Every time someone uses Microsoft Word to create HTML an angel loses its wings 
"@BK_II lol, glad you didn't take that the wrong way. Aw can't tonight  You have work tomo?"
@EmmaJaneR oh noes has the weatherman gotten himself a professional tweeter? 
"Not in a great mood, mothers are sooo annoying! and i have to go work soon "
Officially left school and hate it! 
Iss layin in bed cause my stomach hurts really bad 
@khaled_7 i think she's part trini...which can save us at least a very little part of the embarrassment. 
@equinorz was suppose to watch but i think not enough good seats uh 
I seem to be getting more pimples lately... maybe mum was right all along? No more chocolate for me. 
Anyone want to come to a gig at Fibbers tonight (in york) I have a plus one on the guest list and no plus one   
getting my wisdom teeth out  ohhhh buddyyyy
@tomwisniewski tom I think if I were gay and you were kinda on the line we would make a great couple! I can only dream to be gay 
missing  the first 17 minutes of so you think you can dance  evil tivo
"untuk kesekian kalinya, d tinggal onyet pulang kampung.  not too bad laa, besok reunian anak* basket smanssa. HOPE MY DREAM COME TRUE! "
"I've got just the 3g  but, i want the 3gs because its faster.   "
ahhh...bill bill bill...  my pay's gone by just paying bills.. hmms
@bethrenaldi Sunday's game. Had a tix to Friday's game too but sold it b/c didn't realize it was during work hrs. 
im sad and scared. 
"Attempting to post the podcast, but WordPress doesn't want to play  The post is there! It just won't accept that it has a media enclosure"
@luke01688 That's my exact Starbucks drink. And there is no Starbucks to be found... 
Going to 6 flags &amp; river walk. Dont think I'll have time to read today 
@freakgoddess @Nani981 why are you all making me hungry...  and @freakgoddess  i don't like veg kebabs . they dnt even come clse to NVeg
@komplettie yes happened to me in the middle of testing a program. Very annoying. And a waste of 16 hours!!! 
That was a mission. Hating the emptiness of my room 
"@BronxBebe4488 .. Thanks honey! Honestly, its starting 2 work! But this 1 person @ my job KNOWS how 2 press my buttons &amp; its annoying! "
is feeling slightly down now  not a good day
@richwareham Geeks in Space -- yup.  Another awesome podcast I discovered just as it was finishing... 
i'm scared that everything i studied is not enough 
wants Steve Madden Skipp oxfords SOO badly! 
@ShaddixXx Awsomee  i'm so bored :/ theres nothing to do here! 
@JCulwell you mispelled my name 
"fml. looking at old photos just makes me miss old friends.  though we're still sortof friends now, it's hardly the same.."
Still no hair from Tom  http://twitpic.com/8dd4u
"working and wishing my back wasn't killing me, I barely slept at all last night! "
"@Drogheda_PC he also has an alter ego, bit worried about him   split personality disorder. LOL"
Huge blisters on my feet.. owww 
@poshmarie What happened with Jazzy? 
Morning twitz! Stupid jury duty today  there has to be a way out of this....
My adapter won't fit on for my laptop. So now I am without computer. I fail  Need a Best Buy pronto!
still looking for the black briefcase 
http://twitpic.com/8dd5l - Me and my friend [ maybe ex-friend  ]
"Going for a shower, work at half five again  Can't wait to dye my hair blonde &amp; get another tattoo. Any ideas on style &amp; location?"
it's raining 
I hate being questioned! But I think im in the dog house  I think she gonna take the badge for today. Maybe I'll do whatever she wants!
why everyone speaks in English in here??  it's kind of... um...........................  well i don't know what to say 
@babygirlparis Wow Paris you're in Dubai? I hope you can help me get Hilton Hotel Dubai to sign up with us at DirectWithHotels.Com! 
"@James_Walton I was just wondering the exact same thing. Actually, its something I do every day "
@karenejones haha nice! The main problem with MN is that we have a 6 month winter 
Up puppy sitting 
is sad to admit he likes &quot;trash me&quot; from heidi montag 
oi...this migraine i hav is gonna drive me nuts like 4 real. cant even go bac 2 sleep...n i hav to work till 11 2nite :/ i...need...sleep 
Frustrating day - two new front end roles (so rare and precious) both in .Net 
misses the Clear lane at the airport. 
@andy_nash It should be great. But Thin Lizzy have dropped out as support. It's The Subways now 
headache 
"See, i knew it &amp; guessed correctly. Jealous now? Oh yea, &quot;Sour Sour&quot;. What 2 do? Listen to life song lo. "
i miss my homies  and i am sooooooooo bored. *iM*a*DoRk* &lt;= sooo true haha me and katie are the biggest dorks eva lol
"@FatherBob Hey, are you still doing Sunday Night Safran with John Safran? Or did he ditch you to do that new TV show in the US? "
"thinks if I dont take this, what will happen?  http://plurk.com/p/13w9sh"
@lorihooood i knowwww me too! :| oh dearrrr. these holidays best get better aswell 
@DrJovi  girl please! QUIT?! ur out ur mind I would b ko'ed erday I'm telln u I get that meannn sleep spell from 9-11 I need something 
It's WORSE than the Madoff $50 bln fiasco...it's plain WORSE!!!  I been preparing for over 2 years...want to know how
going to the gym 
OOUUCCHHH ... I have such a bad headache !!!  ... http://myloc.me/5ALr
"I wonder if I should go out on a man-hunt this weekend..?? I just don't know if men are worth the effort anymore...Sad,but true "
Is sick... Gonna lay in bed alllll day! 
I really don't like mornings...I don't feel so well 
is at schooooool. havent had no dinner as us girls had to danceee  bad bad times.
"specially for @kopigao - im leaving 29th Jun, 1950h flight. SQ something to Christchurch. SO NOW U KNOW KAY!  so sad."
Can I get some followers I am new to this 
@comcastcares just caught wind of the Comcast/Time Warner online portal plans. I pitched the same idea to my company an got shot down 
@deathboyuk imagine what they'd have done if she was a Baha'i  if only the UN wasn't such a lame duck
http://bit.ly/lpzSP Mine doesn't do this 
Daughter &quot;graduated&quot; from preschool yesterday. So cute and sad when all the kids had to say good bye to each other 
"@markimbriaco  Microsoft is dragging its feet on the inevitable. Don't worry, I'll find a way to make it happen."
is a potential swine flu candidate... uuugh. im missing 2d classes  wrong timing naman.
is going to the grad thing this afternoon.  don't know why
Almost time to go home  Not much left from my Transformers induced good mood.. I'm mostly tired now &amp; cold...it's raining again (still) 
"@JessObsess I think he might  And hey, smemma can change! haha"
I just wasted 3 hours due to bad form usability (italian passport renewal form = horrible) - life is too short for bad usability people! 
"Ended up doing the tai chi, pilates and yoga class at night, but not after getting extremely sunburnt!!! OUCH! "
"@Footdr69 OhhhH!!    Anbosol, stat!"
got woken up and can't go back to sleep  people need to realise i can't fall back to sleep if woken up.
I wore my red flats to work today so i could magically go home when i wanted. I think theyre broken 
@ekrelly   notto  the  no rehab thing
My roommate just left me!!! It's lonely city!!! 
When I planned my costume for Sunday I didn't plan on having to cover it up with a rain coat 
"@MerryLark yeah, I can't seem to find a reliable source to determine if kiwi really is ok. Tweets from iran are on a serious decline "
Wowzers I don't feel good today.  And I didn't even do anything silly last night to feel so crappy! 
Gym ! Then Working eight hours  so excited to sleep tonight!!
"I'm sad because my brother is moving away today  and I have to see him off at the airport, must remember to take tissues! I'll miss him x"
@NinaCSch I try to ... but the moment my thesis is freaking me SO out 
"Why Youtube, why? It's all gone wrong since Google took over  http://bit.ly/15Jned"
Good Morning! Only got 4 hours of sleep last night 
@dallas_news Happy Thursday! No relief for us here  YIKES 100 try to stay cool
@Pinklilycat Bacon sandwich with cream though? Ugh 
Listening to Forever and For Always from Shania Twain album Up! 
Waiting on phone repair man. Hoping to have my phones working soon  Also praying this is a better day
@jenn_ski i saw it too but it disappeared again... ugh! 
Optus website is down. I'll have to buy my new iPhone 3G S 32GB on Friday morning.  
"JEALOUS that I am inside at work instead of outside, in England, at Glasto "
Awake. Leaving for work. Totally shitty night because of no sleep. New room/bed. This is why I don't spend the night places.  
@ucf0503 lucky u! im already at work 
@myasmine stole? After I let you fire an air barrel for your money back? I'm hurt 
@cosmodaddy  thanks. i think i had that until recently. it's so annoying. i can't twitter without a good phone app 
"Ã”i thi vá»›i cá»­ , tÃ´i cÃ²n 5 mÃ´n ná»¯a má»›i xong. Cháº¿t tiá»‡t cÃ¡i mÃ´n VÄƒn báº£n lÆ°u trá»¯, tÃ­nh hÆ°á»›ng ngÆ°á»?i ta tá»›i nghiá»‡p VÄƒn thÆ° hay sao chá»© "
"N95 has gone to Nokia, will be gone for at least 3 weeks "
currently addicted to the tennis....... wishing i was at glastonbury though 
me sinto doente. 
"@JennyPumpkinx I would, but I need a job first so I can pay for insurance. No clothes shopping for me  Superlame."
1900  fuck
I cannot believe josh just ran a toll  I'm so scared of the fine
OM f!&amp;$%#? G! So i in to listen to some music on my i pod on the way to campus only to find out that all my music had been erased. 
Did you take anything? Is it still your allergies?  
Going camping soon. Summer is SO boring so far. I need a car!! 
just woke up with the worst headache ever 
"taking it easy, trying to figure out what is happening to my old mind "
"Didn't find the treasure. So close. We were in the right place and when we got  there, the other people told us it had been found. "
article in Tribune on @Suntimes sale doesn't mention me...  http://bit.ly/Vd2Ou that's okay; there IS A PROFITABLE MODEL for @Suntimes...
wonders y she is so unlucky this day.  http://plurk.com/p/13waqw
got windows xp now running on my ubuntu laptop via virtualbox. Hey don't blame me it was a necessity. No mac emulators will work 
@dj6ual When I lived in Kirkland we used to get many little bats fly across the docks. None of them made any noise as they zipped by. 
my abs hurt 
@BluntBloke Was in Barcelona for Sonar followed by a fab day at Wimbledon. Back at work now... 
@veddersgirl lol Exactly. I cant even go NEAR the TwiRumorControl subj. Cuz I get tempted to peak in on them. Cant go to our home 
Last day in colorado  it was everything expected and more. Leaving for home around 930 to 10 pm
Ow my neck 
Did everyone know that Cheeks was at the forum last night? I DIDN'T! 
Babying my doggie - he doesn't look like he feels good today  
@voiceofcritics:me to  iam on my way to the studio now
"@KimmieDavid I'm heading there now. I made a quiz, and it sucks. Didn't turn out right. "
@nicetobelieve nope  not til end of august
@joekwon80 I wish. 
"dropped kids off at vbs, got dunken donuts, came home went next door and said my goodbyes to elizabeth before she goes to columbus "
@brianakatlyn yep...the middle part is out of the shoe 
@rahma_dualeh now I am sad again. Don't leave baybay!!! 
@hypnoticzexy it was cut shorter than i imagined. I'll be growing it out again. It was just getting too thick. I miss it already 
Getting ready for work...not liking working on a closed ward...makes me slightly paranoid... :S 
"@frandoce es oviedo, ruta medica hoy otra vez, ahora atrapados por el chaaparron...waiting for my mouth to by scanned...still in oviedo "
Ian Watkins isn't following me anymoreeeee 
@astoryaboutmac I do not have a USA iTunes account 
"Der gestrige Sbend: StreetÂ´s on fire. the mob goes wild! Oder: Bang bang bang, vamanos vamanos vamanos. AUA, GehÃ¶r tut weh! "
"@xavire oh well, i still am getting mugged by those economic theories. just that this year is WORSE. "
"@the12kingstar  I wish I could cook as well as he does, he deserves breakfast in bed too. I can get by, but I'm not the best. sadly. "
"@rebeccawoodhead Yeah, I know you're right. At some point you get tired of the universal &quot;sneer factor&quot; in those comments, tho. "
my kids are having a pajama party today! i wore my hannah Montana pajamas! i forgot my teddy bear tho  SoMeTiMeS i LuV my JoB!
Someone from my office (who annoys me) met Leo when he came here in 04.  No wonder he didnt come back for the 08 election.  LOL
My tummy feels so wonky today 
@MPisthename aww babycakes!   HUGE HUGS. whats wrong? do they know?? KISSSSSSSS x x x x x x x x x x x thanks for listening to the PC xx
@Larryx360x am i too late? Im sorry i was sleeping 
@niicoleleiiman yeah! that was pretty much the worst thing ever 
@LarryTheWineGuy We're looking at North Carolina - I'd be spending 32% less on housing there.  I can't even afford a house in this state. 
"@krist0ph3r @hg6789 hmm,.. Its so difficult gifting a person, who has everything,.,..  "
Got woken up by religious nuts ringing the bell. Guaranteed to put me in a foul mood. Took ages getting back to sleep after 
"Oooh tequila, you get me every time. I foresee major dehydration in my future if I opt to go to the beach like planned "
"In the train to Groningen, it's warm, unpleasant and rich in luggage "
@JuiiCyeffBaby I didn't get to speak to her last night  lol nah i'll be there what u mean 288
quit smoking for 12 days and really messed up this weekend at the beach 
Waking up sucks. 
Lots of fox still here  they just sent some crowd wrangling minions home.
@tiarocks116 that sucks 
@GGGKeri Oh no!  Poor mom. That must include a long recovery time.
"so damn tired, who know EdiFact here?? even BizTalk hates using that standard why should I hardcode something like that in c# "
nxt wk Sunday is my Bday and Kyteman&amp;Anouk will be perf @ Westerpark. Don't have tickets  but will be there having drinks. Who's joining?
@Candy_Girl85 girl i know this was from father's day but drinking by the pool sounds soooooo good LOL! too bad i can't today 
@ElyseGardner you don't??? :O 
@DJLonnieB that's craaaazy....I was listening to lifes a b rite b4 I saw that tweet. I miss those days...miss u east coast rap. 
"My car is totaled, officially. If I lived in the east end I wouldn't even need another car.  What can I get for $3000? "
@DREEE9 my throat killllsssssssss &amp; i lost my voice.. kill me lol 
Feeling very tired today and a little bit fed up as well don't know why!! 
"Not so good on my Exams, ill be here next semester  *Jixisticks*"
Red Roof didn't pay commercial laons 361 Mils  http://tinyurl.com/noud75
@NEEDISAYMORE09 Damn! ok  I think Im gonna make me a list too lol I been accomplishing a lot of my personal goals so far
is depressed.  I guess i just miss home.
I'm a bit nervous right now 
"A bit late, but here. Fucking moving van was double-parked on a sidestreet, adding 20 minutes to the trip. I hate driving tired. "
@ewandodds yes i think so  but i hate going!! &lt;3 xxxxxx
I feel so sad since Gavin needs to go back to the Philippines soon! It's really breaking my heart...   http://twitpic.com/8ddhx
I almost cried this morning when I realized it wasn't Friday  One more day until I can see my kiddo 
@freakgoddess   i wish i could have some ... Anways enjoy.. see ya tmrw... 
"Bom dia, twitt population! Have a nice gray day! "
Is with mi madre! I feel sick 
"@jedson328 but Karl just knows so much more than me!!! It didn't work anyways, though "
I must be the only person left on the planet who still visits the Strobelight page 
@_scene_queen_  haha lucky!  OMG my lover is in the hospital. 
Massive headache 
I miss my computer 
@crimpomatic stuck in meetings all day so can't get out into it  but it is beautiful 4pm finish for me I think &amp; a nice walk home =^~_&lt;
@ShibbyJinkes Damn  
I need to write a story. It's due tomorrow. And I'm stuck with an introduction about a hotel and a young couple checking in. AHHH 
i dont feel well at all 
@kaitt32 yeah :| two of dem  HOWS SPAIN MY WORLDY BUG?!?!
OMG WTF  . BUT AT LEAST I GOT A NICE PIC OF JOE JONAS  . oh my fucking God... I even said I was gay at the last question! Damnit!
is going to be phoneless till sunday . . . . 
Heading off to work 
Resumed a languishing summer tank project and recalled why I keep putting it down. Non- springy cotton knit too tightly. Hurts my fingers 
JMDP  maybe you're not *that* ready for grass yet..
I'm sad about jon and kate..srsly the media made everything a lot worse! I hate when the media turns vicious..its really scary.. 
Definitely lost too much weight when my butt can't even hold up a pair of skinny jeans... 
I just can't figure out what to eat tonight  anyone an idea ??
Really doesn't wanna go to work today 
@Tobias_Reuen I don't know what I shall wear 
"Was in a good mood, until i found something out that someone told me about what they said. D; Proper put me down. Fucking nob. "
"@milonguera I lost my favorite pair of leggings to dance in  and also, in no spend mode. sniff sniff #tangothursdays"
"@Steve519 Oh yeah, you're right!  What a traumatizing insult.  I don't think we'll ever be the same again after that "
Prayers are with Farrah Fawcett &amp; her family . I hope she is feeling no pain 
@saynofx viigo is ugly  need something simple
@bungatikha i know right 
@a__guy no windows here either as I'm in a shopping centre  glad of air con tho!
says I'm feeling fucked up nao!  GRR. http://plurk.com/p/13wbtr
What the fuck is wrong with everyone today 
oo how beautiful it is 2 wake up 2 da lawn mower  ...ugghh
fighting really takes it out of you.......   so does working at tmobile
We found a dead bunny in the backyard this morning   Rip little one .
Soooo tired. Up an hour early cleanin 
No power on central campus.  no Internet for my computer... Thank goodness I've got my trusty iPhone!
Working on a logo for a missions group. Love working in AI don't do it as much as I'd like. 
Working on a logo for a missions group. Love working in AI don't do it as much as I'd like. 
@naveenie Oh no!  You have a fever? 
My hair straightener joined ed mcmahon and bea arthur in the 2009 celeb graveyard 
i think it is starting to rain... thunder-storm...  i'm scared.
@shinginbox Pois Ã©. 
Beach is nice. Fried like a lobster 
"@Graendal There are  Though what I've done so far wasn't soo bad - you just look for dodgy data.  Ther rest is just math, as far as I know"
@precious85  no that stinks...  hope the cafe will hire you!
@jamhess I'm sorry.  Is it the meds still?
"Just realized that I don't have enough money for rent this month . . .  I just want to curl up in bed and watch HIMYM, not go to work."
@garethslee all I need to do now is add proper error handling 
@hdconnelly At least you have a good excuse for not shooting. I just haven't seemed to make the time. 
getting ready to go to work its sucks 
"O good lord, I have to learn how to use Castor. And I don't mean the sugar. Someone please kill me "
my arms are sore from swim practice. 
is craving a pack of crisps but im on a diet  lol
can't send sms in gmail anymore 
just wokee up.....I miss my aaron 
@avenueofthearts That link doesn't work 
@Has_Bookpushers I should probably go through them. I ban the one with ho..y and ho..e ones but maybe I should look at all. 
@fridgi Thats odd.My RC(since the1st beta)has been absolutely fine.I also love3.5(also ABP addon)but the memory usage vs SW Iron/Chrome 
I'm hungry but I just can eat fruits 
"@EBone Nah, I ordered the Boa Slim Case for my MBP in some online shop. It should save me 20â‚¬ if they ever deliver "
@fortworthdiva You be careful too.  I dn't know what our heat index is here in SA but it's supposed to be another triple digit day.  101 
Wine rack fail! It was completely loaded with Chateau Neuf du Pape  http://tr.im/pIMn
"Oh my gosh, I wish we would've taken a plane. "
"missed Ryan every day this week  , but thankfully, he will be home tomorrow!"
"Ok my ipod left me a few mins after i said that, my teacher spotted it in and told me to get it out "
Why is the Ocarina of Time so expensive? 
I haven't slept in in a long time. 
I want some candy! 
@weefieryredhead i want an ice cream van 
@mulimuy why are you in banduuuuuuuuuuuung? 
@nigsbrizuela take it... i ate too much 
daddy gone 
"@CaptainJack4 Too right, especially on uploading "
@peterfacinelli No love for Canada..must be US citizen to enter 
@jamhess hey sweetie!!! And now I have to go again!!! 
On my way to the damn doctor.  i hate being sick.
I'm really tired. I want a guy to be sweet to me like Emma's boyfriend in Degrassi. 
Damnit my iPod is out of battery. How will I survive the train ride home? 
"@GeeNote no, I feel like trash, sitting on the sidewalk, but not so smelly!! My head hurts "
ER wit mah daughter.... shes not feelin good at all 
happy crush where are you?  http://plurk.com/p/13wcj4
Am I ever going to feel not sick again?  
@ChargerJenn aww I think working on our entries made you sick!! 
@thisisbree awwww 
That was a lovely shower. Likely the last one I'll be having here! 
I woke up too early today 
"@ms_senita lmao, but its gonna be hot today "
Didn't wake up happy  I have a frown on my face. Ughhhh not excited for class.
@Girlfriendology that is such a true quote I miss the friends I moved away from  life was just sweeter then
long hair and cute...but single 
I miss my red hair 
"@birdofparadox &lt;3 ur deconstructed pesto salad recipe, maybe I'll make it today!  And did  you c who's coming to J-town?  G Baum, YIKES!"
In PE  fit BB -&lt;3 I'm sitting out
Someone just said they hated Resident Evil 5 because it &quot;wasn't nearly as scary as Resident Evil 4&quot;.  ...RE4 was also not scary. period. 
@jordanknight On 20thJune at 7.30am you said you'd talk to us tomorrow.. it never happened.. Why?? What's happened..we offended you..?! 
I didnt eat breakfast this morning 
Gonna see the hangover today with zora. yay. Wish i had bought 311 tix 
Please don't bank with #abbey / #santander - absolutely useless business banking. Have locked me out of my biz account for 2 months now 
@carolz_place Been Hot in TN for weeks  The air has been on all month. Thankfully yd &amp; this a.m. is cool enough 4 open windows. Blessings!
"common denominator of my last two not-feeling-well-moments, OYSTERS!  Someone tell me what to do   (via @mwfishman) if good place, allergy"
"doesn't feel like twittering much, and hasn't been in the past few weeks... ah "
"I love you, be mine again "
"@coollike http://twitpic.com/8d0kq - I wish I got DWM. I live in the states, so no luck there "
@suedahlgren  ok i will watch.
OMFG ouch! something just went snap in my elbow &amp; now it *really* hurts. 
... but no special Windows 7 upgrade pricing in the EU  http://is.gd/1d6Ja
"hmmm, diagnosis on left computer speaker suggests blown tweeter "
"@canvasxyz isn't it though? I've been waiting for the new cd forever, and of course there's no hot topic near me right now "
Why  am i up so early 
I'm working tomorrow   Dunnes sucks 
"@emencia too late Rodge for Den's  But soon, when I'll get rid of my kids ;)"
I didnt win jonas brothers tickets on the radio.  well theres always tomorrow...
I was unaware that my face could get this fat.. 
Getting ready 4 tonight.. Im tired now dammit  Hope everyones having a gd day! xxx
@mileycyrus cravin for sushi too 
@graemeb00th why didn't you come say bye bye 
"so i went to the doctor yesterday and got a shot, after effect sucks! it fxckin hurts like hell "
"I'll be here all weekend  so no excuse to not go to church this Sunday, see you at 11:45 Pastor West"
is going to miss her good pal @Stephyyy  x
@GrantMc thats awesome  howd you know though? yvonne told my group we had to wait til basically we started back to find out the grade 
I think he has realized......I feel relieved..... and lost 
@Blatter PS hope you know how lucky u r to watch rugby on tv. In the states even the rugby bars aren't showing the Lions tour.  
"@tim_mckee I wish... it was Bill, as in Gates. "
@TewiTso Hey girl! Doin' ok here! What's up with the internet?? 
oooowwie! cookies are hurty! 
"at work feeling a little down... @ohmygela nice! Imma visit your site again a little later... and oh, try to rest for a while... "
Advice for the day: Don't fall asleep in your contacts.  My eye is wicked bloodshot and it burnssssss.
@maggieshiels I have to say that's probably one of the most disappointing links I have ever seen. I was expecting something scifi 
Leg is so swollen. Hurts to walk 
@katiepennington @isaacrs @raphsangiovanni nothing worse that a horny bird who tries to distract &amp; sneak a peak! Pfft! Are you ok though? 
is wishing he was in DC so he could kick it with Paul Rudd. 
www.redcarpetdachshunds.com for the Cutest AKC Mini Dachshund Puppies! Only 3 left  Expecting Chocolates &amp; Chocolate Dapples Soon!
@minibite17 i thought u said i wasted my time wit it   but im happy u found something funny w it.&amp; i do kno where my rock is its at school
Studying for 4 hours until 330 in the morning and im up already 
trying to fix a 1TB lacie drive... blue light keeps blinking and it wont mount on desktop. #hardware trouble 
"@ maracaibo, again    &gt;("
"Worrrrrk, this attempting to be a grown up thing blows "
"Soooooo tired, I wish I didn't have to work today all I want is my nice soft bed... "
@CrackUpBoom haha the way my day is going that sounds like a good idea! too bad I have a meeting tomorrow 
@gracielaM ohh really??I thought they were germs 
@IDKWHYIMNAKED lil mama...uhmmmmm? r u on cociane in NY? nah they all still like 3 and up 
Dieting is sooo hard I just want a big mac wit fries a Hi-C with a 4piece nuggets   http://myloc.me/5AQa
@Nicoleos But I'm doing them anyway 
History is killing me  And I forgot almost everything that has been taught in school before the holidays.
@KateAnstey what time are you getting to victoria tonight? I can't stay out long - think I am getting a cold 
O.MAI.GAD!!! I NEED TO BE WHERE PP IS NOW  AHH MASKED HONGKI MASKED JAEJIN MASKED JONGHUNMASKEDSEUNGHYUNMASKEDMINHWANOMIGADDD *SKILM*!!!
"scared,mad,sad ... all of it "
Crews depolished wrong house based on GPS coordinates !  http://oreut.tk
Had a small accident this morning.  Guy opened his door while I was pulling into a parking spot. I stopped but by then it was too late.
@Nathan91 - I wouldn't even know where to start fixing it myself. Sony will charge me a bomb with no receipt or warranty 
@renekasbergen that is mad! tried doing it from here and i can't 
@untuckem Aww... I missed out on all the cool stuff 
"@thewild aww, I hope your dog gets better! That's awful, what's wrong with it? "
Headed back home - Job; oh we so sorry Gail we didn't need you this morning. Me; 
Twitter on my phone is getting annoying Ahah. At summerschool 
doesn't really want to work for 9 and a half hours tomorrow. Just wants to spend a proper day with her baby.  Pancakes smelling good!
kids are ready go see Mickey Mouse!  dang no sleep for this chick 
My fringe is just not doing what it's supposed to today  .....
My lil ones are gone for the summer  I shall miss them. Now... time to focus! Moving on...
I wanna see transformers 2 but itshows @ 12 2nite and im goin 2 the airport at 1 
ugh i'm up...someone shoot me! Goin to Sanford...god i hate mornings 
Moo.com is broke  another bummer!!
@sampan22 Hmm...well i have my spies out there who will be investigating his disappearance..Lol.. I just miss him   Kate is gonna have FUN
so tired couldnt sleep good last night 
@vh1sCornfed  I'm sorry my lil chick-a-dee! I'm gonna give you a call next week...enjoy the rest of your time home...say hi to your bro!
Has to learn to prioritise things better. 
"*sighs* Has been up since 5am for no freaking reason! Laid in bed for 2 hours, still couldn't get back to sleep. Is ooohhh sooo tired. "
all I did was to reach out // what a great way in responding 
"Worst.Hangover.Ever. Need healing potion ASAP. On second thought, sleep better. Still can't find my staff. "
hoping my cousin doesn't stand me up today 
@tynanhooper I hear ya... unfortunately the boss has a file review 2mr with a client so I have to get the review sheets done on all files 
@211me no love for canada...usa citizens only 
"@redsrule85 nummi is icelandic slang for sweets, no nummi today  funeral today"
Pray for me - I'm facing one of the hardest days of my life... 
@papeylad thanks 
@indiesoshameles how the hell did I become a dude?? cuzo...uggghhh. I feel sick today sis in law. I wanna go home....come save me... 
@shermartelle Sorry to hear that!  Though you can follow all the action  with the #PrideTO tag: http://bit.ly/14w3No
"Eating breakfast @ Mioposto &amp; having a cup of tea...Big monkey don't drink the almond milk. 7g sugar, cane juice, it is not unsweetened "
"my twitter is pooor! LOL, guttted for me. i need something exciting! "
@shermartelle Sorry to hear that!  Though you can follow all the action  with the #PrideTO tag: http://bit.ly/14w3No
http://twitpic.com/8ddwj - I know it's blurry but this is my first sighting of a Junebug this year 
@221me How can I be sure that I entered before it got overloaded? I THINK it worked but I'm not 100% sure 
"@thenaturalbaby soooo wish i could be there, but i won't be able to make it saturday.  i hope it goes great for you!"
I miss my boyfriend 
"Work. Ughhh, I rather be sleeping "
Sitting in the doc's office waiting for them to retake my blood pressure 
@KaylaNicholeG I miss Trina too and you  I even miss the room of death
"Meet at four! waah, i'm semi-tan...and it hurts  mishin' my boy."
Can't hardly wait for the Blackberry Tour. Wish I had it now 
"@Stuartcfoster months later, nothing happened. :\ "
I don't know what I'm going to do next week. 
oh god I am sooooo bored! i do'nt really wanna update cause then i'll have more updates then followers  but the boredom is takin control..
my tummy hurts. 
is wondering if her hubby is dying in this head?  poor guy 
@patricv1206  I miss u too darling 
no food at the kentland rec centr food bank 
had to put my dog that I grew up with to sleep 
"Packing for australia right now! I don't think I have enough to do things  ohh mann, I need to hurry up!"
@JuliaSiddle oh I'm still in year 10  School sucks
oh my dayss! im so tired  I feel like crap! &amp; this woman on ebay is being a cow.
Good morning all- looks like a few more clouds today and cooler in NW #PDX  Oh well what do you do? It's my day off...
should think about heading to bed... work in the mornin arrggghhh    
@carlybug Yo Carly! I do indeed! Sorry I wasn't out on Friday... was ruined by swine flu. Or possibly bird flu 
Dec seems year2100 
i'm so angry about my geometry teacher! if he didn't lower my grade i could be head of the class! 
I need someone who knows to fix Macs. I don't want to sell my iBook G4 on eBay for parts!!! 
Needs a Hug  Any Offers?
"OK, i can't watch tv tonight, crap, i was about to watch the cw  my tv doesn't work!"
ughh. why does he have to be so cute?  damn it. haha. life's so cruel.
Storm clouds have cleard (at least temporarily) albeit the humidity remains to keep us wet in sweat!  
Missin my princess.. Missed my mornin kiss   she's spending da rest of da week wit her aunt n cousin.. Want my gmornin smooch 
My puppy Junior is not a puppy anymore  almost 2 years old! But now he is like a teddy bear so cute he is. Dog Therapy. Adopt one too! 
@nikkidecoy I'm so sorry to hear that 
@sunnysully1  sorry about that bar tweet. I don't do this too often.
@Carly_FTS I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
"too much food I think for today . arghhh , obesitas nii lama2x "
"love to wake  up to a cup of coffe madeby my pops , so good. now im bored and alone and its too early "
@bonsoirdollface We're practicing graduation today. 
"@KissMe_ImEmo Hell yeah, she is. I've have seen a couple of unflattering pics of her with no makeup on, though "
transformers was awesome. but not enough megan fox fap material  hahhahahahaha
@TravisLegge Rubiks cubes can suck my non existant dick. I've never been able to finish ONE 
This song is upsetting me way too much. I cant stop listening to it when Im on the computer and I cant get it out of my head when Im not. 
i'm missin' sour sallyy!! 
@macbella2 a month I think 
"@uncouthamerican but they're knocking down the old part of it, gaaah do planners never learn "
I'm nervous that I may have messed up my 100 average 
@nkdaydreamer I've been up since 6 and not getting to bed tonight til gone midnight. I can't function as a boss being up 18 hrs 
is wondering if her hubby is dying in this heat? poor guy 
@katiejconway  leaving me yet again.
What awful punishment as soon as I got the all stools sold out page Circus came on the radio.  Sold out in freakin 3 Mins!
"@smileylady seeing the blue sky is torturous..and then don't u know it,come wkend it'll rain "
@jennyhanny i can't find lawn seats for blink 182.... 
@ehrenc ouch you hurt my feelings! but I really had no energy to talk yesterday 
"waht a bad day, but the wetter is hot "
i miss him so much  what is going on with him?
I miss my straightener. 
i didn't win tickets for the harry potter tour in holland. 
"@afterworkinc he cant go anywhere .. he is on lockdown. no travel, sux  @projectzeroent u better be there! i have 2 make up 4 yesternight "
ccmulan q neun.....sna mayari q s saturday :'-( iReallyMissHim (tears) langan gawin for mmrz )  http://plurk.com/p/13weiz
Is back home for the first time this week. I miss DJ. It feels different to be in bed alone now. 
@JamesParrish I can see outside from my office window. It's not the same  I am jealous x
is not having a good night 
just realized that zoneedit was down since yesterday!! that's the reason why i did not receive any mail 
@superchou i am aware 
@jennihof OH goodness that is awful. 
@Tay_Tay305 WHERE YU BEEN AT BOO??? YU DONT DM ME OR NOTHING  
Now I see why people like to drink just washes all worries away. 2 bad the pain is still there afterwards  Miss her you forever Tee
"I won't sleep today, I'll study study and study! "
my charger is messing up  shucks!
Trying to get the damn website to load so I can get tix to vfest as well....My computer is slow! 
just looked at the line up and theres no McFly 
"Crap. I just realized, after it is now empty, that I have been using non fat-free Coffeemate all week. "
"Ive been reading steampunk webcomics for the last 2 hours. got to get my life right, visiting the baby + @FriendCatcher missingladydjnite "
@RocknRollPhotog yes  my life suxxx
Drinking French Vanilla coffee @ work.Have to pack clothes 2night 4 my roady 2mrw.I dont want to leave @sneeke04.I want him to come with 
its cold  i think ima go back to sleep coz i need to go to school but i feel sick 
@rebecca8888 im leavin nw lol cn u plzzz bring hayfevr tablets!! I 4gt agen! &amp;no cred 2txt u!  x
I HAVE TO SAY LOSING SOMEONE SPECIAL NEVER GETS EASIER.AS WILD HOUND DOG WOULD SAY BARK BARK.HELL I DONT KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS   
my ponytail has been threatened and someone told me if they got a hold to it it would be set in a blaze 
"Think I'm going to have to go to a doctor today, shoulder is killing me, and it's my spanking arm "
wowow!!! i can't believe that i'm not going to flordia anymore. i'm so so so sad  but at least we get to go to six flgs on da 4 of july!!!
lame work for 7 hours!! 
@calvinography Whose playing atm? I'm on a train and no tv 
"At work, such a nice day, wish I was out driving my 69 Mach 1 Mustang "
the NBA draft is finally here..today it will cut into my nape time..  but its worth it to say the least. off to get ready for work..
im frustrated with this place. how does it work? will I ever know? Do I already know and this is it? 
@Jsouth5942 and why didn;t i get a welcome! 
I have NO signal @ this place! I have to go outside to send a message. 
I'm so ready for the weekend. 
Jury duty  hope its at least a good case!
Met @deeptialla at fc today. Her arrival saved me &amp; sowmya frm  some of d pj's @horrormeister was crackin. She left &amp; he took ovr agn 
Just got out of work. At school now. Going back to work afterwards. 
http://twitpic.com/8de3z - i tried to make it look like a football pitch haha!. Bored of harry potter 
"Going to listen to All time Low, The Academy Is..., Fall Out Boy, Panic At The Disco, and 3OH!3 while on tan. But not my back it's burnt. "
doesnt feel well someone come take care of me please?? 
RIP Prof Phillips  I wish I had the chance to actually take your class.
"wrote to Music Jam after a long time. But, sadly, they didn't even bother to read it "
Just waiting for everyone to wake up so I can stop talking to myself  http://myloc.me/5ASd
@PanaJ. Awwhhh I wanna go  but I gotta to 2 VA this weekend Tell her Happy Bday for ME
"@cozmosis nah, just kidding, say what's so special about bilingualism? I myself am bilingual and I feel it might never be enough "
Got a parking ticket yesterday   The roof is being fixed. A neighbor called in and complained. Going to try to get out of it later today.
I have to go to school today? 
Mmm #identica seems a bit broken after the upgrade 
"@Jedi_Amara I would go if I could, really  Good night xox"
@MajorProblem  That sounds so good. You are evil. Next time keep that info to yourself. Sigh...
http://twitpic.com/8de4k - we had a contest to see who could hold water in their mouth the longest lol...i miss them 
"10% battery remaining on iTouch.. No music... No twitter., no faceboook "
@ricksva Day-long teaching admin meeting 
@FemiThompson I feel as though I am the only one that has not seen that movie yet 
I'm such a wimp  I hate sleeping in my bed for the first time alone after I move it around... -shakes-
wants cuddles 
dll coding 
can't go anyways theres no tickets left  
@iampolariis I would if I wasn't where I am 
"Gonna be a long day of tattooing, St. Vincent show, and birthdays. Wish I felt better. "
@Stagehouse oh my god! I didn't know. I'm so so sorry. Your Gabriel looked absolutely lovey and beautiful.   I am so sad for you...
@tweetdiane But didn't have any memory left for One Song &amp; when I showed her the 1st 2 she asked 2 watch One Song.   I'm a failure lol
I need to mow my lawn before the PAR-tay.   I hate mowing.
"after 1000000 iterations, all i get to see is a single hazy blob against a grey background... "
Finally thru and waiting to board the plane. Man I'm runnin off of like 2 hours sleep  holdin off on coffee till we land.
@moonfrye when I opened up my mouth within earshot of someone and said something I should have kept to myself 
"@tlockemy That sucks    Yea, our maid charges $65 and thats for 2 living rooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen, common area floors/stairs..."
3rd time on the pruple line someone has fallen asleep next to me and i've had to shoulder push them of of me 
Wants to see Transformers 2 but has no one to go with 2 see it 
vou ler shakespeare...  
"@stickmoneybags Hey there! Thanks. this is the third time it is happening, so now I am finally going to the Dr. about it. "
Almost all the pink has washed out of my hair now 
@xlizziebx  btw vote for sophie http://bit.ly/xzADK and re-tweet it ;)
Missing my Sunshine more and more every day 
I've got one more week to enjoy before college. DANNGG 
wow my rooms tidy :| haha:') Starving never had no breakfast or lunch boo  So much dust flying around hahah
@lauratownsend88 well done! is that cus they won't be as cheap lol! Lets see if it lasts when u have more exams wen u go bk ui 
@NeriG Nope! Stop harrassing Jon.. Haha. If they follow u nope u can't send a DM 
I don't think I was cut out for a 9-5... I need to be somebody's house wife and have some activities on the side for extra cash 
@StrBrght1130 I saw that your shit grew....mine didn't 
@MsMurdaMami haha what?! its going to be BAKING today  and crack (chipotle) on a hot day is never a good idea lol
Leaving dallas today  but coming back....different! Peace is necessary..
@yliesan I never got any. Huhuhuhuhuhuhu   everyone's are just to fast. Lol
@RachelOliv Yh it's nice.. Sorry my phone was out of battery so I couldn't tell you when I arrived  ahh you need to come with me to ny 
@kaddisfly what's wrong with 6pm? 
i am getting ready to go out but im so tired 
Love finding out that I have to work sat 
At work doing my math homework. 
im scared to look at my SAT scoressssssssssssss ughh; it's gonna ruin the wonderful mood that im innn 
@_scene_queen_ he punched glass and he has cuts and shit all over his hand! 
i want to go ayg what is this ugh so stupid 
wants rain.... neeed rain. My head hurts 
"fudding hell, surprise news from Fighting With Wire is genuinely surprising...bit shocked, and sad...was so looking forward to their set "
@MikeRuocco Wish I was gna be anywhere NEAR NYC cuz I would SO be there... unfortunately the bank account won't accommodate.   Come 2 STL!
"But then again, I'm trying to amuse myself with how the family pc can be really slow and very program-less. haha I don't even have YM "
@michalvitasek Se zÃ¡kladkou? JÃ¡ jsem nedÃ¡vno mÄ›l sraz po deseti letech od maturity 
@KTDP Ukh 3ad I never do 
wishes tomorrow will never come 
"@ChrisOlstrom and @danielstroud , @persiankiwi is on the run, hopefully. One of them was captured and they believe names may be revealed. "
At the docoter. 
At the doctors office 
No work for me. Doctor then back home to sleep this crap off. Oh i feel bad  al&lt;3
starting my morning with reading microsoft's outlook reply to the campaign looks like its futile 
"i want a cookie, but there is absolutely nothing of the sort in my house "
"Help us grow our facebook page, it only has 4 fans "
is not at glasto 
Got sick  but workout anyways :p can't give up now!
"The weather dude said the sun was going to come out today but, yet again no freakin sun. It's so depressing. "
"@chiniehdiaz Sometimes, it is! Now I feel bad about it. "
@x1n Totally. Loved the last few House eps of S05. Now the long wait to 06 
is missing you badly  http://plurk.com/p/13wfvo
@kaylinstone ...10 days?  that's not very long.  
@Karboso .. OMG! U were online forever!! I felt bad when I woke up this morning! I didn't know u were still online. I should've checked! 
"i've had nightmares of some kind every night this week, starting Sunday night. had a really scary one last night, couldn't sleep again "
such a pleasant day and i m in the office... 
eeek induction day!! 
@Monsteraisin NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO....I jealous of your friend 
misses singapore much  can't wait to be back. 2 more days.
@xslverwingsx oh... im sorry claire..  .. but on the other side.. u should've taken a picture of that..
there is a dude playing roddick at wimbeldon right now and his name is kunitsyn... makes me think of my kuny 
@Mizzbehave193 Don't like the new pic 
"I miss all of my Thursday Meals Kitchen friends.  Mark, Erica, Nick, Sarah, Adam, Laura, Libby...I could go on. I miss all of them. "
ahh it's still sooo hot in here   hopefully they have the AC fixed at work today
@FiveLives it's Thursday! Because I work today. 
a or s? or stay? 
"hates kristin stewart's look on her new movie...  she looks like a freaking ZBZ nightmare... and that really doesn't look good, trust me."
@pdayco  I still feel bad I can't come.  Sorry dude.
@pw_official I'd love to come see you in Atlanta... but it's a ten hour drive and my parents aren't totally up for it 
should have slept in today...gonna be a long and rough day 
@DesignLitmus  I'm not even sure what that means... but OK 
Last day in colorado  it was everything expected and more. Leaving for home around 930 to 10 pm
Frizbee golf kills.  RIP WATER BOTTLE! ROFL Sweetest shot ever! Go me!
cookie = eated.  face = hurty 
@Melissica no only went to school on monday  -how r u?
@agingdragqueen I want a geeky fanbase 
WORKY TIMES bye byeee 
@Dr0ck I have no beef with RR. Just can't run a web server behind it 
Omg I think I'm dying 
ooooooooooooooow my tummy hirts 
My computer won't connect to internet have to sit @ sherry's desk til they get it fixed 
I have way too much stuff 
Went to the dentist this morning...clean teeth! But now my teeth and gums hurt   
walking to work i realized my right foot is dramatically smaller than my left 
time to get finger re -broken 
"graduating today, ehhhh not very exiting  i shall miss school (but i hope they'll give me my art projects back :S)"
@QZZ108 am i doing this right nowww? 
@katiebarber i cant reply to your DM cause u arent follwing me 
@ThomTheBomb its july 23 but i cant go bc i get home from FL that day  but we'll party sometime soon i promise
"@SuperDuperChic  keep us updated, I call mom with your updates"
has crippled his right hand 
Suffering the whims of Sourcforge's (ahem) upgrades 
"I wish I have a cool old name. Like Emily Elizabeth Dickinson, or Edgar Allan Poe, or ANNE SEXTON.  But I'm stuck with Chai."
De retour de mon oral..... sick of french unconscious racism.... just admit it..... only one exam and I will be working at full time Yeah 
"feeling sick and wishing I could go home today.  But alas, it is payroll day so I may not leave.  "
"It's gonna be a long, miserable, frustrating, trying day. And i've still got 6.5 hours. "
@theaardvark Fixed! Some of the addresses don't work as it's difficult to isolate the postcode from the rest of the address 
@Shannonhochkins nah there not  but shaun said sumfin bout a huge tour at the end of the year including perth. Do you like it here? xx
The @htc Hero seems to be much like the iPhone 3G S -- more hype than there should be given the lack of new hardware functionality. 
"After 4 hours of sleep, I made myself a big strong cup of coffee to take to work, only to forget it on the counter at home "
well....just here woke up to do nuthing and was goinng to a party yeaterday just got sick which made me not want to go 
"@PerezHilton lol at your Sun extract, THAT true violence, you are just a screaming queen "
working @ the nailsalon 
ugh! headache 
@Gr1377 oh my god! poor guy! 
@SweetBrooke23 I wanna have cake too 
Jumped in the waterfall oh yeah ! Cold now though 
Xina misses her AEHQ. I missed my KXD 
"@Victoria__x I wasn't calling you silly.  Ok, byesie bye. xx"
I'm running low on College Humor videos. HELP ME! 
"Wet Backs and Soaking Sheets, Oh My! http://a2a.me/NvA My new blog post about my repelling #clothdiapers "
"ahhhh home, now off to do some life chores "
Shuck my life!! 9 days! 
tomorrow gfs..I'm nervous 
@Frantheokovich HAHA!! GOOD  YOU'RE ON TWITTERR miss you too man!  ((
Received the letter from school and it says that exam time-table will be strictly adhered to. Upset  - http://tweet.sg
@D_Schaeff OMG well last Monday's episode they announced their divorce.. I actually was crying 
hey @peoplebrowsr why is my replies stack not working grrrrrrrr   
will the other swimmers pretend with me? no? no?  oh 
i am ill atm  on twitter and looking at all ice hockey stuffage
oh god. i'm wearing the thinnest top ever and there's a decent breeze outside but it's still disgustingly hot and i want to die 
@imbenmills_wtf what a calamity! I'm working friday-sunday  need the money! I am in need of a party though!!
@85PrettyGirl my can't spell assets without ass! Actually I don't have much of an ass  oh well. The check still won't bounce.
@jjennuh really? thats kinda close to me haha. why arent you sitting with your friend? &amp;no- im from cincinnati but they arent coming here 
just talked to my baby! aww i miss him so much!!! 
@miss_charmed ok lang yun. quartz and the bf can't make it though. tapos the rest didn't reply. 
I wish I were somewhere else right now. Like a beach. Not effing school. 4 weeks left 
life-changing decisions 
@fanyechka But you must must be able to make it if not I will be sad  It was you and all your pjs that inspired teh partayyy.
Obviously not gonna make it to pilates 
"Everytime I hear &quot;Short Skirt, Long Jacket&quot; by Cake, I miss my LeBaron a lot "
bored out of my mind. want pizza but everywhere closed 
"@judyyiu iunderstand, i had to take after a poorly coded flash site at my old job. hated it. "
"Seems previous owner of our place has left us mo' rubble, mo' trouble: drains are clogged with all kinds of dirt.  Plumber tomorrow."
Working late in office 
Gosh that Zara shoes is a MUST HAVE! Haw ce beraattss! To bad they don't have my size.. Blm jodoh  http://myloc.me/5AUP
God Dammit i have summer reading 
No time to tweet 
french and saunders sold out-actually seriously devastated 
"Arghh, was gonna go shoot hoops... yes.. at this time... but it's raining now!! "
@5DollarDinners @georgegmithjr the pics must change - everytime I refresh it is a new pic!  (not always my shoes  )
I need a fancy avatar 
Need some encouragement!! Papa Rooo and I are falling apart. Back to back Triple Bogey's +12 after 6. 
@TessaElle ok it doesnt matter u sleep at urs friends house ok i will 
@VaughnMom I just wish my website was clickable 
Had a blast at the A's game last night! Too bad they lost 
@PurpleyBoo sorry I left you  but I was sleepy hehehe
@magicgumdrop also: look what you made me do 
"@chubas yeah, I'm gone by August, I'll only be a couple of weeks in July. "
I swear im going to be dead by the time i leave and or with a broken limb. Just hit my head on a coffee pot 
hope I don't get caught while using the computer... I'm banned earlier today 
"nooo, i thought i had no sunburn but found some on my neck and legs  "
getting ready to head back to the Big Apple. 
"My Firefox just got weird! All my extensions stopped working just like that. Tried to reinstall Firefox, but that doesn't work. "
"@larachie dont even say that, i dont want to be reminded. i wont leave i wont ahhh what will we do without the mollster "
Wondering why financial aid rejected me 
i dunno why but it hurts deep inside 
@kellierasberry Thatss not good 
Ugh...this heat!!! Poor hair 
@TheUnraveller He refused to take part at the last minute  Not our best day today ...
@dhicks130 LOL!! I have to hop the subway and still relaxing at home. The inevitable Work!! 
"@jenzie1231 aww really?  sorry to hear that. i'm still debating about my color, that's why i was anxious to see yours! lol"
Need food at some point today. Nothing is appealing to me. 
@caroclark wow you are up early today...making up for yesterday? ha Love you&amp; have a great day...Daddy has to play golf today in Houston 
The line isn't moving. I am le tired 
"Out of all days, they had to tear down the gatsby poster today "
"@loveshan Oh, love! That's awful.  I'll keep you guys in my prayers today."
"my friends hate me!  they changed my wallpaper to a snake, when they know that's my greatest fear! "
"Thank you all f4 an over-the-top #woofwednesday! I'm facing a deadline 4 a client &amp; must get back 2 work   But, look out #followfriday!"
@AppraiserJenn @aviationartlife tried a gluten free diet for my daughter for 8 months &gt; very difficult &amp; no difference 
another night of scary dreams 
@AnnaAntell Oh dear 
On my way to seattle...but stupid standby...i didn't get on 
"Can't log on at all  iPhone, ie, ff, safari. Nothing #identica"
@CaityPineapple I don't know   She'll be homeless on the streetz. Maybe we can take her under our wing?
Going to the dentist this am-I have 2 teeny cavities.  I don't even remember the last time I had cavities. Am NOT looking forward to it!
going to head-shed  beat that marly318!
"Walking pooches....some daft bat is firing a gun, my babies are scared "
Headache and fever 
somehow AIM shut down on me and is now asking for my password. uh... it's been years. 
@LaydiiGiina Who knows. I just started a new job so I can't take vacation time yet 
misses his baby 
@Kungfus0n- haha stop it! i swear i'm like a lil night owl! i get so much done at night &amp; i use to do everything during the day! 
I wanna go home 
Bought a T-Shirt for Breakout but it arrived late (thanks customs). Now I have to wait 'till next February for it to be relevant again 
@danellesheree that @cpaug meetup was last night? i forgot to add it my calender. 
Okay so pay day today!!! Even though I have to pay the whole phone bill b/c my dad went crazy yesterday 
wanna go to the beach 
Is it bad that I don't like my yearbook/grad photos because they made me look old?! I feel they added 5years. 
"Irish exports up 5%, our company sales more positive - damn the IMF and their cold water "
@imsuperhuman wle. SORRY LAH  heheh nah reply for you! i love youuuuu and see youuuu on Monday !
@jshernandez I know I miss our girls next door workout team  I need to work on my fitness!
@xxJONASaholicxx lmfao haha...no not 'dating' that sum1 special!!! yu miss jen...wt bout me?? hurt now!!! 
Going out in the sun now! But working. Going to miss Wimbledon 
is making a blog but needs a name 
"darn, my eyes look normal today "
"I agree with @boagworld. I once went to a meeting and a client wanted a $35,000 website, they told me their budget was $500. "
whoooo hoooo i have 40 followers -.-&quot; -.-&quot;&quot; im so laaaaaaaaaame 
@jcm2009 i was listening to music while cleaning the underside of my porch roof. ipod got wet 
i woke up really sad this morning 
I didn't rly speak to alisa yesterday 
"@thenirishkat That's trufax, you know I &lt;3 the teaching but the labs bit is giving me unhappy faces "
"ooh noo my broddur from another mother leaves to paris today, ill miss u my wittle diepset "
Call when you get here. My sense of time is messed.... 
@revjesse ...and the giraffe is at home in his strawberry shaped car.  I miss it  Wahhhh stupid work!  Wonder if I can bring it in...
@Cari_tx @MamaSeal  hahaha...yep...sure am!  I would drink tonight but this almost 31 year old body can't hang like that anymore.  
ughhh and he is in my group today 
YAY Verizon's networks are down so looks like I may not even be able to get a new phone until tomorrow 
why is this rehearsal schedule so epic?! tired. sleep in tomorrow. not going to get home more than once these holidays 
@BeautifulBruise But I miss my baby sister 
wants to go to the All Time Low gig in Toronto on July 15th.  @AlexAllTimeLow why are you only in Toronto ON once? 
Gah! Of course someone finds a Romancing foil when I'm out of credits  #packrat http://tinyurl.com/jo-efu-story
http://twitpic.com/8denq - Last day with Tetsuo 
has to go back to his #squarespace on Monday 
I miss my laptop 
"welp back home, and the sun is missing, its rather sad "
@inathlone I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
oh  imagine being pulled away from your love the day after you find each other  
"Think im getting sick. Headache, tired, trhoat hurts... I dont like this. "
@CheshireK I did. Im starting to feel better about it. Sorry I didn't reply to ur message ... I had to barrie my mother  Thank u for b ...
I have a really big rash on my neck and it huuuuuuuuuuuuuuurts! 
"@TomFelton I am suprised you do not have scalp issues after all the dying process. That has to hurt, you have my total sympathy "
"aw snap, win7 discounts tomorrow?  goodbye checkbook   http://tr.im/pIT5"
"Pumped for USA Track Champs to start today and that there is a live feed, but sad to not be there for the first time in 2 years "
No court today  anyone want to come along for the anventure tomorrow? 5am standing outside hayward court house??
"Great, rain in London for Friday and the weekend, just what we all need  http://tinyurl.com/d9kduy"
@KirstenDale  I hope you have a good evening and good luck with the assignment. See you Sunday/Wednesday then.
i'm still pretty sad i couldn't go last summer...i missed she&amp;him  
"@Cristalll I advised you go to see Transformer 2 sooner, because once you leave the theatre that is all you talk about..could not help it "
I'm hungry but there is nothing to eat. 
I miss my long hair 
" college is over, I have now cleared and handed in my student card  uni to look forward to and enjoying the summer months"
@DavidCook1 I wish I could afford one 
@ylove @JonBurg @yeahthatskosher i think that I am busy - sorry 
@shanedawson Good luck to you shane! It will be just awsome for you i know it! Did you ever see my video i made for you? 
can't fuckin move today 
feels so shit! 
@LizS4ra Hate it when that happens  Could you give her another name?
"@catman1975 oh! I really like that!! Gotta stress test &quot;new&quot; pc today anyhow, maybe I will bring up router config. Touch won't bring up "
in the farewell of Anto 
Good Morning Twibulous Ones...@myFabolouslife 's sho was wonderful las nite n NY THO my 2nd toe is dead n hasn't had feel n since then 
@MsJerzi well I slept from 4pm-9pm and went back to sleep frm 1am on and off until ahora &amp; y todavia estoy cansada  I missed my math class
@duudemaryy that's the day before i leave for georgiaa. i think 
@katyperry http://twitpic.com/8a59q -     buhhh im glad your better now! (:
"reading Sugar, JB interview, photos from Paul O'Grady day  I miss them "
just today i stoped to watch &quot;thinking of you&quot; of katy perry and the video is so saaaaaaaad 
Concert was amazing back to reality time for work 
Got a really really really really really Sore Throat  Not good!!
I need a new cell phone! Apparently dropping it into liquid isnt good for it hmmmm in figure  Wish I had a connection at Verizon lol
"I left my nessie at the vet, I miss her already "
almost time for me to say bye bye... 
"Umm, hi. Why were you in such a hurry to leave? "
"Have been gardening this afternoon was v relaxing, been planting lots of new flowers im sneezing now though "
@Starmari wtf is twitterberry? I just got a blackberry. I really don't like it! Im not a huge fan! 
@cybersmitty I feel for her. I remember going through that when I was her age. No fun at all! 
@sprgz i WISH. my dad won't let me go. 
"@LegionAOD Oh shit no...  RIP Swells, the best writer the NME ever had."
 no transformers today! my ride stood me up can u believe this crap
@ Leah_Sullivan School is finally over i am missing everyone so much already its so not good  Wanna be back in year seven &amp; do it all over
At work...waitin to punch in... Wishing I were still in bed 
@jhowle you should be going again with me 
@ashesturner  I kept my mouth shut.  I dont need another bad review. 
@EddArmitage Awww  well thank you for your support!
Standing for about 3 hrs n sum change even barefoot was uncomfortable. Idk if my lil toe will ever go frm being numb 
been busy in work all day so haven't been able to tweet! lost 2 followers today  i'm stuck around the fifties in followers!
"@_Jenniva_ Yep, yay outsourcing! "
"Just woke up and its soo hot in this house, went to turn on ac and its not working   Darn thing is going to suck my money dry."
Again... )))STRESSED((( 
My shoulder hurts.  i think being in the sit last night bothered it.
"My wrist is knackered, haven't picked up a drum stick since Sunday  Hope it's better soon!!"
"TOM!! i went on stumble upon, and i couldnt find how to delete animals,so I thought id be brave, annnd the first stumble WAS A SHARK  "
"slowly feeling a little better? not much though, I'm REALLY hungry.. but I can't eat  bummer huh?"
didn't really want to wake up this morning.. but unfortunately I have to work today  I have had the last 5 days off. Its hard to go back.
@mrlineup just got woke up by @alBabyLineup to put on his Barney Dvd  bye twiggaz R.I.P. For me...
@manipillai 3-4 hours? Oh my God!  Tragic! I was told it was 40 minutes!
"@UluvUY haha, k. but zef shoot! i feel like i haven't seen you guys in so long.  miss u na. oh! and, twins and i are in boosters! -lia"
twitter fail.  Craisins are oily. does this make sense?
Enjoying two weeks of casual dress at work. Wish they would make it a permanent policy! Tomorrow is last day of casual dress 
"@gfalcone601 hahaha at least I tried. I'm trying to improve my creative skills, as you can tell, not going too well  BUT THAT RHYMED! :O"
@davidfinch It wouldn't let me actually send the DM 
i am sick to my stomache watching that gorgeous tree cut down 
"Another lovely day, and im stuck at work all day till 9.30pm. "
"Grr, I just woke up and I'm already yawning. @henkboom don't wake me up so early  only got 7 hours sleep "
@AmeeraPaone Thanks!! I hope your day is good too!! but does that mean we can't keep chatting? 
@ArUrbEx we're closing 
@rashaunh I never got in  it was too packed. Terrible right?
@HarlemMurda ur pics made me hungry.. thanks! 
Now back in Motherwell after my little trip to Bo'ness. Now I have to do some proper work 
"@Storm_rider_uk Humira, yes. Not allowed in my province yet "
why do people cancel on people 
@SRae3  I know its out there somewhere.
So far work is okay.. really want a smoke already 
"@arkon BOOOO, FRENCH. "
@Owais_Iqbal Oops! I don't remember ... sorry ... 
"Got sucked back in and now I'm back to having to wait each week for new episodes of Bleach. And it's getting so good, too "
@ no more going out on school days   &lt;3
"No, it still doesn't work... this sucks! "
php-5.2.10 = epic fail with dblib PDO driver  http://bugs.php.net/bug.php?id=48694 (via @nickynoodle)
@conniekchun someone told me hes gonna get shell rot in the water that long  haha
i think all scanners share a deep hatred for me... 
Girls were playin beauty shop with MY hair and I narrowly averted an emergency trip to the hair wizard. I am actually kinda bummed 
"Was supposed to take Notary class today, sux I have to miss it cuz I'm sick "
"@mohalen That's my preferred method, but I am dependent on their rented bus as the only transportation to the &quot;ranch&quot; and back... "
@Zoe_Lavender fabbo!might join the legging brigade too and go giant in heels!thers tubage works so will prob have to head off around 11  x
@darkknightwvu well... it'd have to be the senate reflecting pool. and i'd have to have a lunch break.  ugh.
"@FaithChildMusic oh issit  get well man, god will do da healing. im dat guy u saw at uni with stealth n i asked r  henry's olda bro lol"
It has been today exactly 11 months since I have seen JB  thats to long. but 29 days till i see them again!!! OMJ can't wait!
@ work see you guys in a few. No cell allowed  #fml
I should be in Berlin right now enjoying 4 days of wedding festivities with all my mates. Being broke is really depressing 
choir practice today. i love it â™¥ but the teacher said i have to sing a part alone. oh noo i hate singing alone... i sing soooo bad 
It's too damn hot to be waiting on a bus! I don't wanna go to school today 
@LittleLiverbird maybe. I go on a bit less too now  maybe we should pull in a bunch of funky new followers! What could the magic word b?
Heesh. I have a late library book I forgot to renew. Now got fine 
I think I am going to die in this heat exhaustion 
@Malaechi: Pepsi Throwback is going away? Major suckage. 
this is way overdue  but eventually time will call for it // all I wanted was to talk and know what's the problem //
My kids seem to think that since we took the trampoline down their beds make a gr8 alternative 
@jman818 lol I know! I'm in such a cranky mood this morning 
#ugh Time Goes By So quickly when i Have a Dentist Appointment 
English is such a skive. Not any more though. 
"@eviliciouz Thx girl! I feel so-so about the pics...they don't have my &quot;signature look&quot; (i.e., great shadows, warm tone) bc of the flash. "
Every1 here seems 2 run. I'd â™¥ 2 run but my body says NO! I also would â™¥ 2 wake up @ the crack of dawn 2 workout but I've a little 1 
@weremoo me too today  *sends hugs*
Gotham Bagels to say goodbye to Pete &amp; Megan. 
"waking up at 4:15 for a swim meet. my life sucks, i know. "
@DrRoo it's hard to get bacon water these days 
@feebee84 just enjoy it. Im hungry but trying to diet 
http://twitpic.com/8dexp - Broke my birthday coffee mug....sad 
"@MAMACITA2680 Since he was in county for the last 2 months and got transferred 2 weeks ago, I haven't had ANY contact since April "
wishing beyond all things that i could be home with my pookie   Funny how things you can normally tolerate now sucks (
"I feel that death is knocking on my door! I can't eat well, recurring back pain, bleeding HAY! "
No more Prison Break  It was a sad ending..
Rock hack legend Swells dies  http://bit.ly/43z8q (via @michaeldeacon)
"@ossakummz yep she's in. eh tp nindy ga jadi ikut sa haha tai ya, nanti eyke cerita ke you kenapa kenapanya. twitter wont let me "
@freakypatty weh? :o 
@snowleaves90 Bao h cau ve thi noi cho to biet ! Quen mat to roi hay sao y 
"http://twitpic.com/8deyi - goodbye long, beautiful, rad hair "
"@ajinnashville at least, that's how it is for me "
@anyuhh i like that songs  hayyyy!
@katieallover have an INSANE time tonight! I wish I could go.  I'll eat a huge burrito for you at Chipotle!
Sleep should rank as my #1 priority atm but I wanna stay up but I can't  Stupid work sigh...
@ssombrero aww c'mon it was a GOOD monkey on your back though. the very best kind of monkey.  i heard you're not coming 
"@itsNICKJONAS  please, please don't tell me about concerts because my mom could not afford tix at the time and i'm sad  I wanted to c u:'("
"studying's alright, getting down to doing it is the hard part "
"@JasonMilner @SadGamerGeek , Really interesting podcast veering terribly off-topic! (bad sound quality though  )  http://bit.ly/19pcR3"
"Why is it that every time I go to get my hair done, this chick is still workin on someone else??? "
@PHILMYSWAGG lol thanx ..ps I still can't find prom pics 
So much to do... even if I don't want to 
"Today, the weather was really hot. but i went to the reading room for study. because i have to take a important examination. im so tired. "
suffering from the heat  +37C here
@judez_xo lol i already asked! She has work 
Is really ill today 
@7angela7 I don't eat seafood or pork.  I'm sure they got some big 'ole Beef?! LOL
don't know what i want to do after high school anymore 
"@ZahraNichlany curang nonton duluan,,  http://myloc.me/5AYm"
"@peterfacinelli A fan I will always be, even though you never twitter me.  Lamo I know,I am sick in bed &amp; lonely &amp; bored.Have a good one."
is bored and doesn't know what to do..  any ideas guys?
job interview in like an hour.. im up too early 
says aw...i'm not happy with my bumblebee toy.  http://plurk.com/p/13wj77
"@DannielleJ_K ahahaha  ahh well, hope youz enjoying your meals nom nom x"
"isn't seeing Transformers again, instead I'm in Topshop, looking at clothes I can't afford "
@slpowell Me too! I checked weather.com and next 10 days are cloudy and stormy for North Jersey - only 1 partly sunny day.  Boo!
"ok, scratch that last tweet...the movies not working for me "
trying to do lyrical hiphop when you're in a reggae mood is a prime recipe for very ugly-looking disaster. 
Eating breakfast with Kolby before he leaves for colorado 
@meshmerize I just drank water like you said but now i feel like i made hot chocolate in my tummy  
@NatalieGolding aww i love you hun - SOOOO much. I've been thinking about you today - i miss you!  xxxx
@Elphabarocks01 Good luck getting it all done! I know its a crazy day for me and I wont have much to to Robsess 
WTH? I apparently only got a C on my exam and I worked my butt off  What's the deal?
Eating Coon-Fil-A before a two-hour lecture ftmfL. Itisssssssss 
I HATE it!  what to do tonighttttttttt....
@ClaudeKelly Is it true?2010? So sad 
Wanting old people to answer their DAMN phone!!! Counting down the days till Buddy leaves for vac 
@sunshineGlendys i cant go either 
My mommy and brother and sister and nephew and grandparents and cousins are leaving the A today. 
"i made it to E2, but it is so freakin cold in here. "
I have an anxiety attack waiting in the wings: so much to do by tomorrow! Traveling REALLY FAR from home! Still got post-break up gloom 
"Poor Rupert got stung by a bee last night at 7, by 11 his face had ballooned = Benadryl + e-vet + tired sore boy "
Stellastar is playing the Sandbox birthday party..... I want to go 
@jtimberlake Wish I were there this year  Hope you rock and roll dude... !! ;))
@CostaVidaFred um.. Molly just called be back and said no delivery.. Our order is too small.. Same size as last time.. 
@MsSilpada Glad you liked my son's jellybean art! I don't want to disturb it but will need to clean the kitchen up at some point. Hmm.  
"@MattJStapleton y, sounds like your drive is going out. Same thing happened to collegues SR11. "
Finishing up OMA mtg before heading home. #Aer lingus gave me inside seat not aisle. So have to dash to airport for reseating lottery 
Not well... 
So sad that the book store isn't open for me to get a sweet tea. 
a &quot;just because&quot; blip. now I need to get working  â™« http://blip.fm/~8utu7
 We have bagworms...how depressing...and they say you have to go around and pick them off and squish them...eww no thanks...
@Olivia_Sav :O Crush my hopes why dont you??? @KevinRuddPM does care hes just too busy these days :O 
omfg i think my cat is dead. she made some weird sound late last night outside and now she has not come back. 
@DonnieWahlberg I really need some twugs right now. 
"@Allieandra was probably my own fault / ignorance / ineptitude with myspace :\ am old, these newfangled things are far too complicated!! "
Hates bad remakes of awesome old songs. 
...smoke...LONG STORY...breakfast gone bad 
@kayebitch @flippin_insane Silly bitches. I wish I was there with you. 
&amp;cries* my grandma is leaving today...back to Hungary 
i'm so tired! 
@lauraserrato @kaya781 @jesstx not trying to pop a bubble....but if I'm prego or have a baby....next year won't seem possible for us 
NO!! Dont rain!! Not when i have to work outside 
My face's still numb after that injection. 
@kaypants i haven't seen this thing you call the sun yet today 
"so, after a good holiday, I'm back to work. "
Now back in Lanarkshire after my little trip to Bo'ness. Now I have to do some proper work 
Not the old man 
owwwwwwwwwwww....................sunburns SUCK! and it's SOOOOOOOOOOO nice out today!!! 
Does anyone know how to make your email work on an itouch? It keeps saying &quot;that email isn't valid&quot; when I try to reply 
"@katie_raygun why can't we live closer to one another?  i really don't want to go there by myself, but i just might have to."
Has alot of hope frost frostwire chat &gt;_&gt;  cummon peeps! teamwork! xxxxxx
@sundaycosmetics I'm trying to do so. Re:The ministry - It's going to be so hard because I considered it as &quot;My Church&quot;. It's so sad. 
Monetizing your blog @ #NAHJ09. First statement: no one cares about your blog 
@peacePEACEout something making site slow. i know 
Its so gorgeous outside! Seems inappropriate for a funeral!  RIP Pat!
@_sinequanon aw where r u?  berlin gay pride is on saturday and i'll be in berlin on saturday haha (kings of leon concert). fun fun 
not on play 
@Tetanus Apparently   I had assumed the ~1 year delay on Push Notifications was Apple implementing it over SMS etc. rather than polling.
"@amandawormann hey, you're the marketing genius for Burton! Why can't i buy in AU? "
"@KSiddall I cannot shake people. like fake spambots, I block 'em, and the next day they are there again! I emailed twitter "
"@AppStoreMod I know, it is so annoying. By the time they do i already have 75% of my views "
I am extremely depressed by the 10-day forecast - not a single sunny day in sight 
"sitting in an InDesign class... enjoying it, but saddened that classes are coming to an end  2 more classes before I am done!"
@fuzzymonkey13  im sorry!
@xianvox Disturbing indeed that some people still go to that event even though they're aware of  that person's reputation. 
i was told i was 3 nervous to give blood even tho i felt fine &amp; assured them i was fine. but health &amp; safety said no  am so angry @ myself
"@pierski I'm not in the glasses boat (yet?), so I can't follow that awesome creed. Bummer. "
hey all hope all is well  weather in scotland is  awsome sadly im stuck in  the house with a bandage on my foot boo damn  new shoes suck 
"counting the minutes to the weekend ..... funny friday, and really heavy saturday!!! too much work to do!!!! "
is stuck in the office while the sun shines outside 
Today is the corporate challenge 5K in Boston today - I'm very sad Diet.com never got off the wait list 
i just cried my eyes out!! :'( my grandparents left  i'm already missing the much! &lt;3 i love them and wish them the best! bon voyage! &lt;3
"@meerasapra shady! :| fell sick in the morning, so missd work, slept all day, and now awake  last nite's movi was also nuthn gr8."
Got headache. Took Neurofen Plus and it's still there!  http://ff.im/4qcz7
@DonnieWahlberg not sure if I can push through today.  Too much on my mind.  
"@savvydoula Did the mother in question argue her case or was she too intimidated? Again, poor woman "
@DevinaRenata i was crying out loud last night when dea called me. I'm so sad kak 
@greengloves ...I'm sorry to hear that...  *hugs*
Haha ok   im going 2 physical therapy 2day 
"I'm starting to hate waking up before noon. I'm bored, still tired, and there's nothing to do. "
Enjoying the lovely morning.  Expecting our daily thunderstorm this afternoon.  Just in time for sailing.  
"Still jealous of my girl for having the day off, but she is not going to the show.  Is it really only 10:30?????"
Oh noes!  They no longer have my Discover card penny design.   The replacement will not be a pun on my name. 
is so sore 
Last breakfast burrito from here for a while 
@lookadollar sorry I did not give you a stauts update. I got shelby home around 11ish and I was too tired to go.  
@MiguelAntonio I'm not allowed  I'd be there everyday if I could. Are you going to happy today?
Waiting for the car to get fixed...so much for shopping for a dress today 
Nothing to do but watch tennis! Hate warm days 
Loss on my BIDU Short  Stopped out
@TynzBoomPow WHO ASK YOU DON'T WANNA COME 
@MajesticFlower you totally jynxed the sunny day. its pouring! 
is feeling like a piece of shit on the sidewalk... not good 
urg just got upset at yet another shiney finger 
big day tomorow...God have mercy 
@JackSavoretti why has your Bush Hall concert been cancelled??? 
apparently kassi has hit that age where she no longer wants to sleep in until 10 or 11 
Chip is missing  Please pray that we find him!
My back is killing me all of the sudden. Of course it's in a place that I can't get to pop 
"Sat waiting for a bloody train  I've got half an hour, and I hate middlesborough!"
@lifeofsacrifice Yeah 
@sbarton1220 Left around 8PM.  High st in north short north by salon lofts and donatos.  Sorry we missed each other 
@ernmander we had a server meltdown last night  new hardware needed today.... mostly sorted now #thrushthursday
SOO confused it's not even funnny 
@eu4ia823 sum1 hacked my account and started to promote their company through my status 
S-a relansat http://www.cartoonnetwork.ro/ E tot aiurea si plin de bannere. Ba chiar cu mai putin continut decat inainte. 
"@EczemaTreatment Yeah, a steroid cream and a moisturiser. It does help a bit but I'm still left with it on my arms. "
@AFontane10 word... tickets are sold out at the air and space museum  i had no idea i was sposed to get tix for y'all. but sushi is onnn
"Whole day off, paralyzed by too many choices for activities and figuring out how to balance what I need to do vs. what I want to do.  "
1 hour until work 
@yuniesan oh i see.  well i hope you'll be able to find in stores then
"Aw man, just after I posted that the clouds came back   Lord what did we do to deserve this torture?  Hope the sun comes back.  : /"
@1Omarion PLEASE SAY HI TO ME AND @TheodoraBagwell she is upset that u are not tweeting to her n she is a BIG fan! 
@rageaccount SILENCE BOY. whys everyone older than me.  oh well DRINKS ON U 
"@emmerblue yes, it is the panthers I want to connect with!  sadly alumtweet doesn't recognize middle schools "
packinng to go home   ill be living here in 3 years though!! ;)
Thoughts and prayers go out to Farrah Fawcetts fam on this dreary foggy morning. 
AHHHHHHH screw dreams about me exploding and flying through the air. Up early AGAIN 
dono y i feel lyk i do it hurts an i dont want to feel this anymore 
@SamBennington It's really sad .. 
i think i lost nearly everyone who was important in my life ... the last ones today   where's my place where did I go wrong? 
@MistyMontano Not as good as I'd hoped. The tomatoes that we had as starts are all that is left. The seedlings were attacked by our dogs. 
Forgot my Jean!  and now getting readyy .
so much for a bright sunny weekend. how does 80% of america have higher than average temps when we have 60's  I want summer please!
@natneagle oh no  I sure hope Nick is ok! Just taking precaution I'm sure. Keeping him in my thoughts
really really hopes she's not the only one thats going to next wednesday's graduation  hope some other come...
Who cares about Shaq! The Celtics are talking about trading Rondo! http://tinyurl.com/narkz4 I like Rondo! humph! 
Mmm I feel sooo empty today 
@frebro Moving out of sthlm for good? 
i want to watch dora's movieeeeee! 
"omgg , I get it life goes on but them people were my life I won't forget1 single 1 of them , just like a tatto ill always have em "
"@cilaa come to the portal and let us hug you honey   we're here for you always, k?"
@j_maranz following my brother's footsteps  LOL parents are soo very cheesed
No  Britt at work today...so ronery 
@emmanx I've hurt myself! 
"We have got to move this weekend, this apt is officially hotel for dogs. Closed Sugar's leg in the door &amp; Cinco almost ran a lady over. "
"unruly hair, Starbucks on my shirt, backed up traffic, running late... it's going to be a shotty day "
oooo boy coulndnt sleep like dat my head hurts 
I won't be on the Social Nerdia Show! today    BUT you should check it out anyways. http://www.blogtalkradio.com/socialnerdia
i will not spend another day solely on twitter like i done last night  its so addictive! im away to tidy up..or so i say
the orange is too hard 
@victoriaroseee  hmph. i think there's another baseball tournament in o-town tonight haha
@heyairtraffic aww why? 
@fabglance1 oh no!! you have to eat something! I'm getting queesy just thinking about it 
Transformers at the iMax was awesome! Tiring weekend helping with UKeSA LAN finals and the g/f leaves moving back to Thailand tomorrow 
@meehmoni hopefully! I waited after the credits to see if there was anything but there wasn't. 
Wishing I had gotten up early enough to have breakfast. I'm starving and in sales meeting so..  I have to wait..  
"crap, texting is addicting "
Day off today and I have done nothing 
Time to get my day started I need to hit up Robeks for a smoothie. O yea I think I have a new crush lol but he aint got twitter 
Oh snap! They stil goin..  x
@sian_sayer thanx sian thats nice init  maybee i like going to bed at anapropreat time not at 2 in the morning at the age of 11 no efence
@MyBottlesUp My fav is to go cry in a locked bathroom for 5-10  min while Mickey Mouse is on. Release the tension and carry on. It sucks. 
@bomb_dot_com but i dont want to pay for the data plan  Its like $30 extra dollars a month
@ARKATECHBEATZ ughhhh im scared 
Does not want to go to work at 5 
"Rumor Mill: layoffs today and tomorrow @ Harris RF in Rochester, NY "
Back to home..have another meeting in half an hour  ....I am going to direct a movie called &quot;The Meeters&quot;
"@Missmc805 I liked it! Was a little lost cuz I hadn't seen the 1st, but not too bad. I didn't get to watch most of Star Treak though "
my stream is dead  fuck it!
@mabeswife why do you have a crappy start to your day? 
"can't sleeeep, too anxious and teeth hurt too much "
@gokeygirl80 That sucks. 
"@ChoclateCtyDiva LOL, I am sorry i should of talk to you first because Jerrell and Delcy ain studyin me. I feel so abandon. "
can someone please come hang out with me tumoro afternoon? im at the dentist in the morning 
"Humid day here in Philly, I'm getting on my Harley, then I need to do laundry.     lol   ---vEx"
"Ok now i'm annoyed. I had a siterip finish. Did an update on it. Got a bit through, told HTTrack to stop. It fucking deleted 16GB of site "
@laffytaffy88 mannn I missed McDonald's breakfast 
@faulko1 Darn I canâ€™t listen to you since I donâ€™t live in the UK. 
"Mmmmmm, I like Person #2. He is purty hot. Why does he leave me during the day? Doesn't he know I find him purty? "
@iamdolleyes Hey Poppy!  it's Mal (malzadoll).  Sorry Twitter is being lame.    Ask if you need help!
I just burnt my face with my straightner  what a way to start out my day.
"while i write a diray, i see my left arm. unfortunately i've bitten by a mosquito omg.. my arm tickles "
Is waiting at the doctors office to get a shot 
I hardly got any sleep last night. 
is upset and annoyed 
@advanmatthew esmosiii vaaaan  abis ngenyek capres yang lain . .
can't sleep. cramps. 
Missing my hubby 
it feels scary for the new semester without a fixed timetable = always on stand-by mode 
is still cleaning my room/house today. i should stop putting off getting a job. 
because of thunderstorms expected 
Ahh it's just one of those days 
my friends leaving today 
@philhawley OUCH that definitely hurts.  You need to step back and give yourself a mental break.
"@Giania hopefully true, but we all know it doesnt have to be.... "
"ugh, have to start homeworking! "
@emmacourtney85 woah...my contract only has 500 texts and ive never gone over that. I must be really unpopular then 
@theimp67 nope and yes 
My work messed up my pay. Might not get it till Montag 
Just woke up.. My throat hurts 
@digistarr no good sister.  what's going onnnn? get some coffee.
@gandthew Thanks!  Though sadly nowhere near me 
"@_Michaela yeah, that too.  he better do a really good job"
@jdwcornell show off  (groan) #nocoffee
@butadream Ooooh okay  CPing seems to be down though 
@MartyBTV you are so mean to me 
I'm tired of being treated like shit. 
my daughter gave me a fat bloody lip last nite. she just drops her head onto mine. i wish i could just sleep in with her today. 
Phone died No twitter the whole time at work 
@smozer I can't get that link to work  but did send you a private message on GR
I give up on that &quot;Which New Kid would be your perfect lover&quot; quiz! Hmph 
@AMomTwoBoys no live baby viewings for you then 
@xxxAnnaxxxx which ones? they work for me 
Massive Royal Mail fail - Wolf Am I sleeves confirmed lost in the post. MANY pop apologies to people waiting for pre-orders... so sorry 
Its time to work but I don't know what I am supposed to be doing. 
@fuse2dx Don't tell me you fell for those spam emails? 
@lrdmora Right-remember you mentioned that a while ago. Too bad  @overnightwalker &amp; I are in the opening ceremony. What's that part like?
"Ah, beautiful. 9 hours of work await me  ... :'( ..."
 trains been cancelled due to fire on route! WTF? Now having to take the bus! Luckily I left early!
"There is a blind women on the bus, I feel bad "
Just had to change my skirt bc @Sweet_Paige unloaded her stomach onto me.  She rarely spits up!
@eu4ia823 i love yakult too! but yeah... too late to order nman. about to go to bed in a bit. 
time is really draggin in 
is lovin the weather but will it last??? probably not 
Not feeling well at all  It figures the weekend that I have alot going on I would be sick 
@boudledidge before I scrolled down I thought you were talking about girl talk the dj and went  lol. But wow thats a pretty offensive blog
I want to go back to sleep and stay home 
I have a cold.  
Just woke up!  It's already scorching hot.    LAME!  Off to work to sweat off another 5 - 10 pounds.  Oh so attractive!
Dont understand this  x
@Omily1976 that stinks   i always loved field day!
@ the hospital 
"Apologies for the Serenity listing confusion; there is conflicting data on different websites.  Good to know you guys are into this, tho."
"I am very worried about my FYP, fml "
:\ but @smileyquanta u said u loved me.. how dare u slander my name  @kmc1121
i can't seem to sign in to my twitterfox 
My effin speakers aren't working and I don't know why!!!! 
wishing I could find phonedog.com to follow on twitter   I keep looking *sigh*
@DonnieWahlberg i was just watching vids of u on youtube.  u have gotten better with age dollface! bummed no FT this time around  twugs xx
"plan for tomorrow. then sleep, i cannot take the pain already   tday's tweets have a lot of sad-leys."
work work work after 1 week less home 
"@Sofy_Love_JB hmm :| okayy..? my buddy is on her vacation. shes a lil bit kinda busy so i've no friend to talk with...  btw, thanks. :]"
Got to reinstall EVE Online. Grrrr 
I wanna go to the beach 
At the hospital for my cat scan and xrays. 
@donniewahlberg I'm trying to find a way to get to TEXAS!! lmao! 
Droped my prescription sunglasses somewhere in town  anyone have a view on visionexpress vs opticalexpress for new specs in an hour ?
"@JeepWorld ugh, that article is misisng some important pics "
@danradxmichelle i forgot to tell you i had another nightmare 
"@flippin_insane I forgot that I have an org event on Monday, ugh I don't think I can go.  What time manonood?"
Hurt my back... Currently immobile on the couch.  Hopefully will be able to get up later to take photos of our custom headbands! A
TweetDeck is sucking a huge amount tonight. 
@chonson what's the bad news? 
@theresaseeber doh. well im guessing you're not sacrificing the most for him and the family then 
"and from my last 2 tweets, im sorry if any of my you guys, my followers, is a miley fan. "
"talking to a fellow convert about the struggles of being the only one, friends or family...   at least I am not alone  in being alone"
@TheGadgetShow I can't view the web tv on my iPhone  or the best bits
is up and working  hot today
Work is slow! 
At work studying :-/ I want to enjoy this radiant sun 
@katiedollfacexo I hate the dentist 
Ok atl I thought new york had some killer pigeons...I was just attacked by a pigeon LOL I thought they were afraid of people 
Eeef am missing show 2nite  Feel crappier than before but determined to make it tomorrow... somehow...
I am so angry beacuse my friend Val dont like more me 
"@LizS4ra I know what you mean. There are a couple of ppl I'm not happy about having as readers, but I can't block them "
@donniewahlberg wtf i guess me and u arent meant to be  i got joey in hand of marriage and jordan for my lover hahaha
up early hoping to get something done before I head to the apple store....phone stopped working 
oi enough about transformers already lahh! i haven't watch! 
I want french fries but it's only 10:33  smh
@chubbyjones soul veg easy has an amazing beet salad but its super south &amp; not feasable unless ure coming from midway  
@bbgeekchic my mind powers are non existant 
still poisoned  laying out then work tonight!
@BrionS Oh no  I know several people that work there.
"I have a whining, teething sick grand baby today, it's going to be a long day  http://ff.im/4qdig"
@itwittmyclit I'm jealous. I wanna nerd out 
@scottstokes Me too. a TON of js to deal with today...and it's not even pre-written.  I have to write it. 
"@ClillaryHinton my throath hurts-can't swallow coffee, coughing - can't smoke, headache-can't sit in front of computer....not a good day "
Omg mike mistakenly took the timing for Transformers to be 1030 when it's 1130!! Now we trapped here for an hour with nothing to do. 
@cynbalog No Problemo..I only wish you were coming out to the west coast 
@Lizzs_Lockeroom Now metro may be a different thing....No Slurpin on the train 
i am not-so-happy 
I really wanna make this the best summer ever but its not working out. I'm actually having a boring one 
"and from my last 2 tweets, im sorry if any of you guys my followers is a miley fan. "
i really want to go see transformers but i have a swim meet tonight and i cant even go to sundown either  oh well please follow me!
"@hank_honker Oops just picked up your message, busy with new i phone. Baltacha lost 1st set 5-7 after being 3-1 up. "
@thatchman1 re storms. I had plans to visit the woods after work. This sucks. 
Taking money out of the bank always makes me cringe 
"gonna have a shot at editing my #xbmc video db at some point, moving to a new system a few months back means my watched are now unwatched "
"It feels like Martini O'clock, but is in fact, only Three Thirty O'clock "
want to CHILLAX but I can't  never again I will do a presentation in history -.-
"not feeling too great today  pooperhead allergies, i hate you."
Getting ready for work 
CARLA MAYE SOLIS ITS NOT COOL MISSING YOU HUHUHUHUHU 
@_sinequanon hm that sucks. why is it so late in hamburg?  you should totally come to berlin on saturday 
Okay the link didn't light up  facebook.com/donnasfineart.
@minorstudios Sorry but my cousins can't drop down to your office with my letter... I will just send it to your office.....  *cries*  
"Going to eat, then work till 9 "
"@judez_xo naww babes i lover you, dont cry "
@slightsarcasm Im not sure  what are we like ha :L x
Babysitting. Don't feel good. 
@Donny_Lyriicz but anywaysssss heyyy fam!  will I be seeing you this pride?? What happened to the pics we took last year?? 
@mileycyrus i never was in hollywood 
Hiding my enthusiasm around folks who don't share my debt free thinking is sometimes painful. 
dammit now i have to go to shool again tomorrow 
@LaSource_Hotel Your hotel is beautiful too bad there's no availabilities for this Christmas. 
@danradxmichelle yeah it wa short but again in it the plot was to kill me 
@sambrown the problem *we* have is that *they* really do want to use Word to write email. That's the selling point 
Want to go to the pool---but I don't have a swimming suit that fits this extra large version of my body. sad 
back in sunny England which means back to work 
"Why, oh why does it have to be sooo hot? Disappearing into a pool of salty water I have thus far generated. "
Dad's is getting out of the country again... 
My UT Longhorns came up short against a great LSU team last night  What a season though! Great job guys...!
With all the boxing hoopla I feel like fans will never get to watch Pacquiao-Mayweather 
so i had to put the dead cockatiel in the fridge.. and when i opened the door i discovered 8 other little dead birds  
Its saying i have a virus again  idk what to do!!
"Wow, tons of new internet scams out there "
I have a big ulcer on my tongue  not happy!
My prayers and thoughts go out to Farrah Fawcett and her family! 
@Brajana I had to get up and feed the sick bunny and that takes a while.  I knew it and I also knew I was going to be late!  
Coffee and starting to pack. Work tonight. 
"@eves_x hey am ok, lost internet connection at home though  its Carmine Giovassno (sp) Danny Messer in CSI:NY"
@dtmcgrath so. jealous 
@melsil thx  I guess I'll deal.
*shingshing* thx 2 salt 
@Pearl OMG sobrang hindi pa rin sulit kahit may sale.  Their regular prices here are so much more expensive than standard prices in Spain.
@melaniewashere Pooie I would go but have work and class 
@seanhansford i love you moooore. i'm missing you 
@KatInsane it can be heartbreaking when our parents have failings. you have to carry on without their help sometimes 
@JessObsess That's my only offer  You can has Ryden if you have @brendonuriesays and @thisisryanross (:
Wanted to go see transformers 2 tonight but it's selling out everywhere! 
@lkaywest @anniesanspants I just wish i could be at the beach today. Instead im stuck inside.  im missing out on summer.
"no roadtrip buddy  now I can't see my boyfriend graduate boot camp, no its ok.. just someone give me the best anti-depressants you got"
@charlottierose dont worry char you'll be there in spirit!! gonna miss ya  xxx
Where do I file my white whine? My smartphone is being stupid 
"@KimberleKelly @a_simple_girl  sorry girls, i feel schmutzy today "
enjoying my week off...now comes the busy part... 
Just set up appt. for Demonica @ vet. 
For some reason when I got up this morning I thought it was Friday... Someone just broke the news to me 
gotta go to work now. horrible  hope i get those tickets i wanna get. fingers crossed pls haa. cant wait to get back home! xD xxx
Missed the earthquake! Brett felt it tho....   
"@SoloRunner thanks.  I should just rest, but I have a busy day and deadlines. "
@gymnosophy your right there although I couldnt manage painting the front of my house nude it's on a road  ah well almost time for a hike
Up now...not sure if i am happy about it.. 
@JonathanRKnight You still in pain with ya PERIOD..?!!Lol  So you ready for some girl talk...lemme know i'm here..need a shoulder today.. 
@MrsKnightBerg my BB was in my hand all night and the batt was low so had to charge it  what's ur fave drink at starbucks??
Wishes Nelena would just go public about their past love. We all know it happened. I wish Nelena was back together  I won't stop hoping!
"off to work - on my bike that is, for our poor car has to go to the hospital "
Sun better show up today!!! Off to the gym last day of weight training! 
"@abcmayee I miss you too, buddy. A lot. Ahaha. Uhh, She can be a real snob sometimes. I mean, check out her interviews. Haha! I miss GG! "
@SaraGasparotto I miss you guys too.  i think a trip to Cali is in order.
@HaleyHolmesss oh I have work @5 
@DonnieWahlberg Detroit's a long way from New Orleans  wish I could be there!! ***twugs!!!!!***
Doesn't want to go to her dentist app this morning!! But that's what I get for missing it yesterday. 
had a day off! Relaxing! If it wouldn't rain all day 
"@MegAllanCole Loved it! I tried to post my DIY wedding photos in the forums, but the photos didn't show  DIY my cupcake stand - classic!"
got a tooth pulled out............. i m in pain 
@Ohhabi ouch. I'm so sorry you have to go through this  but hopefully the light is visible at the end of the tunnel!
"Hola, Twittsters - on my way to the docotr's...this whole biz about pulling out ur back is for the birds  "
the thoughts in my head make me a sad person 
@audiolove  but Sunday will be fun?
@laurenlaudato lauren....please talk to bryson!!!   pretty pretty please!!! 4 me...!  
"@ericholderness Barely 2 seasons   But you are right, it will prolly rain.  I mean, it's Seattle.  ROFL"
home. work. miss my boy 
Apparently my repaired xbox360 elite should arrive from the repair center tomorrow.  I've missed her since she's been gone 
@mama2threebugs : I can't believe your baby is going to be 2!!!    Drew is going to be 3 in August... *tear*
"k w/ big time runny nose. sad little girl! 10 mos old clinging to me w/ 100 fever. mean 'ol teeth! oldest cranky, too.  what a day so far!"
@DonnieWahlberg Morning! Will you @jasonjmikemgmt be giving out tix to houston as well??  i want 2 make the trip &amp; there is sh*t left! 
@JalissaMunoz yeaaa like this morining he was fighting with me to take its i felt so bad that i was yelling at him to take 
@ThursdayFizz  Hey I'm really sorry I can't it's Di's birthday present tonight! Totally gutted 
@S4BI awww.. maybe she needs to visit the tickle monster 
Visa/MasterCard is charging all MSP's $.03 for Visa &amp; $.02 for MC transactions 4 PCI Security fees. This is passed on to the Merchant. 
nope  sorry
OH dang! I looked up and everyones gone. Mann! i needa pay attention 
"Moms telling me the news says there was an accident on Airport out by Trahern last night, one dead two injured... Says it was teens. Uhoh "
@LegendKiller489 aw that's mean haha. 
@LISAMARIE777 yep... @donniewahlberg forgot alllllll about us Mohegan Sun crowd...no love on here at ALL!!!    wussupwitdat?
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!! 
@MusicIsHealthy no  my computer doesnt show the website correct..T.T how is it?
@AP_DeltaDiva ok..so I saw ur lake pix on FB! u know the lake's one of my fave vacay spots! i'm sad i wasnt invited 
i eathier have hay-fever or i'm allergic to something. badtimes 
@BrerAndy oh god no. Not again. I don't want to do the initiation ceremony again 
"@surfingthesun HAHA WHAAAT, but its so unfair, bintan is like no h1n1  i think im going anyway i can right? :S"
"@FSDS Chance'd be a fine thing  No, just random selections from last.fm"
baby found in shoebox   http://bit.ly/11UwJD
http://twitpic.com/8dfur - my fingers were super swollen this morning! . . worse than normal. ouch. 
"@nothinbthetruth hey man, what can I say, Baton Rouge is a joke. Thats why I stay in Shreveport and New Orleans (chris is from here tho) "
@basics lol I've had one for awhile I just didn't remember my password 
@jenniferconley @dustincurrie so the guy with the most work to do forgets to log a few hours and is humiliated. some things never change 
@xoclarity where have you been? I miss you 
daughter wants me to make a delicious breakfast like she had @ Extreme Makeover set...lol.  Honey we only have reg. food here and no chef 
Hospital to get lab work done and to fill out some paper work for my surgery that's Monday...So nervous 
"@donniewahlberg I am jealous, I want to be in Detroit for the ticket giveaway  too bad I am in NY!!!!"
so freekin crapped off with mark 
@aliciadunaway  boo that
@djlissamonet working today. no p[lans tonight. have some work to catch up on 
@GGGKeri Oh man that is long.  How did it happen if I am not being too nosy .She is so young. Only 10 years older than I am. 
@smoshian i don't get why they re-recorded tastes like kevin bacon for the new album and not ulrich firelord. it's so much better 
it really sucks that my french is so lousy.  all i can remeber is &quot;salut. je m'appelle lina.&quot;
"@netscribe no link, too many files and still glitches. "
Metro = freakishly hot!!!  Now I know what leftovers feel like in the microwave!  
has the dentist today 
@MartyBTV you are so mean to me... 
Watching Hewitt and Del Potro. It's a good match. Hope Lleyton can finish him off. Been a bad day for me so far 
@harrisw It's so true 
@alkanphel I doubt so.. Seems like worsen the condition leh. 
i hate waking up this early and going home really late from school 
Adventure log: it's so fucking hot today. 
@artagnon colors are configurable by the user; my bad taste 
Has the worst headache ever!  packing for Cozumel tomorrow...
"So I'm takin 3 different planes today to end up in altoona, pa. Yippee!!!  I hate small planes! #fb"
Wishing this old Frozen Coffee in may car wasn't.........old........I'm thirsty 
"@NessaBanks  We're baking here, but no riding for me....work, work, work "
"Work, sleep, work, sleep, work, sleep.  Does it get any better than this? "
Never heard from Renner   Oh well.  Off to airport.
up .. gotta get ready to go to this stupid schoool. 
Is very bored. The internet is down and she doenst get sevice in that room so i cant talk to my baby  _je t'aime_
I want an iphone 
"What type of engines are used on a Cessna Citation Type X - bugger, this isn't a google bar. "
my throat hurts and I feel icky!  hope I didn't catch anything
@officialLG yesss you are beautiful! you went into subway in adelaide after your concert omgosh 
The real life &quot;Shifty&quot; Powers from Band of Brothers died last week.  http://tr.im/pJ1k
@spencerpratt when do you back in the Jungle? watching in the UK and your not on it 
one thing i noticed this time is that bhayyas have invaded goa 
just took my camp swim test....i feel like a polar bear 
"My cold seems to be coming back.  Big nono! Slept long at least, just chilling today. Gonna read in the warm weather now and write later."
"@morgansp12 oh  I hatee the norwegian one, because its so woerd (maybe because I compare it to SP's..)"
@Miss_Emichi me toooooo 
"ok, so I just realised that i missed out on Star Trek at the cinema - gutted! Gonna see Terminator to drown my sorrows !! "
"On way to create a blip.fm DJ, I got suckered at GrooveShark,  GS is no fun."
i want to go swimming 
@cogings Ive been in the pharmacy two hours. Not impressed 
@Heartagram Seeing similar vague AT&amp;T deadline claims for 3G in our area here in Va. 
Off school cos of my ankle 
"@delonm i'm on the US store, I just need a payment option is all. Demos and free apps only go so far "
Bout to go to workkk! Boooo 
@bsbfreak2007 I'm so not feeling good at the moment...  My mother doesn't want me to go in London on November to see BSB!
Y el mejor disco de Death Metal: Altars of Madness de MORBID ANGEL 
missed Guy Kawasaki in La Jolla this AM  
"I have so much to do at the house, Joe is working 12 hour days &amp; I feel too tired to do anything after work. "
@thebrightlights tambÃ©m preciso. 
wow i passed out at 8:30 and mised alot of calls/messages and stuff from people.  I apologize  I was sick :/
@azlinzxzxc totally agree 
@kimsnotebook Im trying to get mine but it wont let me  Keeps saying no matching tickets found!
Oh I shall spend my glorious day off basking in the glow of re-reading Questionable Content from the start. 5 comics a week is not enough 
My head hurts and I feel like crap 
"@issradio I thought u were in Mexico...  DJISS, you lied to me."
@kushAlabi thanks...finding them a proper shelter/agency is turning out to be an ordeal... 
"Oy Elf, maybe Rafa's shoes are a wee bit to big for you to fill right now "
@DonnieWahlberg I've been checking out the F.S. tour on youtube-WOW-don't think I will get 2 go 2 this round tho  Have gone 2 1st 2 tho
chillin at work...a little sad this is my last day in Residence Life!! 
@Pineappled I'm sorry 
Got a headache  booo
@OlallaaReiiGaal I miss them too! i feel exactly the same. I've dreamed 3 times with the concert. i just can get it out of my mind... 
tired and stressed 
but it's starting to come back cos i lost my glasses 
I missed you Statsoc.  I missed my Exte babies!  
going mini golfing because it looks like a crappy beach day 
Let me think could I get to detroit b4 Ddub finished giving out tickets...10hrs...who am I kidding the show would be over  have fun guys!!
woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning..... I need a hug 
"trying to toilet train my 3yr old 4 wks, not going well I have washed so many pairs of underwear this week its an epic ecological crime "
"Is sweating in the garden,  I hate blackpools seagulls though "
friggin tired as hell and i'm off to my interview and class. and today is the first sunny day in forever...and i can't enjoy it 
packing 
"Gonna die at home tomorrow again. Prolly swimming tomorrow. Saturday have tuition  Sunday, drums and swim. What a boring life i have, god."
In the waiting room at Oakville hospital; this place feels like a second home to me now  http://bit.ly/1JRsHZ
To all my followers: everytime I look for you the sun goes down. I love you all you are my reason to be twittering. Except @bloodyangls 
"Sick babies today, can't reach parents "
@Carty_Yeah was is lavonda king? Cause she was my cousin 
The first glimpse of sun...I work 1-11pm. Oh wait. And I work those shitty hours for the rest of the week too. I wont see Danny all week 
storms? NO! I don't like storms... 
@mandapants3 no I have 2 parties to go to  I wish I could . moni invited u 2 her house on the 4th so I was just checkin.
"@kevinvanlierop would love to, but I need 2 weeks to do the amount of work I have in 2 days "
"@peterfacinelli tried to enter buu the site is down aahh,   when will it be back up?"
Transformers was amazing!!! ive only seen the trailer though 
Thursdays should be renamed as meeting days! I'm meeting room hopping 
back to work 
my list of stuff to buy has been shortened ..im a size 6  http://bit.ly/69n4M
"@sanasaleem Since when? I'm officially broke, everyone knows that "
@ohnoesgrace have fun learining swedish :L while i suffer on the bus 
My baby is sick... she even asked for the medicine that she tried to hide the other day. 
I could really do with a siesta right about now  #fb
I've just ruined it for myself by finding out who won. boooo 
3 hours 10 into the mental ray rendering of my 20 second long 3DS Max animation. Only 6 hours 50 to go  Lower settings next time I think..
"@Spacefrog29  alright then, im clean i swear! Need to hunt/collect more freebies"
"Fucking bank charges, ruining my credit, ok so I have 3k for a whip. No astra "
sore throat.. 
Damn... I think I just unfollowed someone trying to sign out of the program 
I hate the dentist  just got 2 more fillings. I cant feel my face
@MattGoldberg  That sucks. Have fun wherever you're headed.
I stink at painting my own nails 
@VivatRegina That's true. Huge difference.  Ugh. Tax.
I'm awake. And not too thrilled about it. Didn't sleep well AT ALL. 
"@courtneynumnums  I'm so sorry! &lt;333333333 Call or text if you need anything, your family is in my thoughts and prayers. I love you!"
i miss my cousin LALOU  she now has  baby. i still don't have one. where can i get one? ufffff im tired. xC
@xyverz Did you just not get it or did they abuse you? 
@nikkidecoy sorry for your loss 
@carlpaulsen Oh yes! There has been MUCH consumption of Ice Cream...  Feel a bit sick now though... 
going to bed now!! have to get up early in the morning for once to go see the doctors about my operation!! could be good  could be bad 
@donniewahlberg for 2 hours yesterday I had won 8th row tickets to Tinley Park but then they took them back. 
"@mckenler thanks honey! I want to see a pic of u, didn't see any on ur FB either "
Dread going to the dentist to get a cancer screen 
@lissascott Have a WONDERFUL time! We'll miss you in the office 
I was actually looking forward to a 5 setter 
@stixxeh Not raiding tonight?!? 
sisters graduation tonight 
"Man i love Twitter! hahah! Okay, now, It's really boring, i have nothing to do  someone talk to me!! pleaseeeee."
"@GValentino Yup, updated just now. Even the earlier TweetDEck didnt work for me "
"@yaraju Wow, i missed that  I've never seen a 3-D movie..may be Harry Potter in July..."
@nicklucido P.S. We never made it to the Harry Potter exhibit  Let me know how it is if you do go though
@Kativis True.. Hmm. Oh well. She hurt my feelings.  Will you beat her up?
omgosh  SNSD's GENIE MV is STILL not OUT! What is taking SM so long T_T
@nurulaziza uuuu nurulllll don't say that 
Ay bay bay! I miss her  http://mypict.me/5B4F
I'm hungry But I Must wait 
today is my farewell party in the lab....i didn't think i would miss everyone this much alread 
Crying. My doggie isn't doing well &amp; I'm sad that she's suffering. Went 2 pet her &amp; she started crying. She doesn't recognize me anymore 
@dannawalker No word on #scholarpress yet  Sorrry.  I will be posting the workshop info later today though
"@myfriendamy Thank you! No, I'm working  Deadlines..."
@srslysarahcee whatt?! it's not on mine 
I has spoken too soon. There is account problems 
in the car about to embark on the 16 hour trip in a car to florida.. 
Another HOT 1! Can't belive my Aunt is letting my little cuz come over 2 go hang @ my pool. &quot;She's afraid i might turn her&quot; 
"Back from work which I could not leave early, of course. Grocery shopping done as well. Now for the remaining items on my to-do list "
I had the worst dream last night... dreamed that my hockey sweaters became threadbare and fell apart. 
I just lost something that was in my hand. who does that? Im seriously not joking I need help. this always happens to me 
"Twitter and paper toss are my only friends today.  Just had camera talk. Ha!  This will be fun...not, I miss my boys. "
Sleeping in bed at home &gt; sleeping on planes   Now I R VERRRRRY seepy!
@samcashcash wow I wish I could see you in GR tonight!  come visit me like 45 mins away in muskegon
@THE_REAL_SHAQ  thank u alot  the suns needed you big man build championships defense make championship and kerr destroyed this franchise 
Oh just realised that today is my last day being 28  Damn I dont wana be 29 already... its not fair
@OhSnapItsNicole doctors for what 
AHHH I don't want to wait for Season 3 of Breaking Bad!!! 
l but thats no reason to ruin your family!  :-@
phones shut off fml. 
oh my god i just chipped my front tooth 
Man headaches are no fun 
@SazFOB aww  will size 7 be too big for you?
@DonnieWahlberg I'm trying..i'm trying...but nobody's helping me out... 
"@jesstx yeah, i was thinking its just gona be us then.  no lena no monica "
@WivesWitches Not so much because heavy machinery up my street pretty much ruined my day!   Hope yours was better than mine.
"@criistina26 i was in the concert,just before entering in and i ran and run until i get the pista A..so i was at the concert at pista A "
trying to find a new home for alfie 
@Sh3zdope  I wanna see transformers 
@steelersnm1 Thanks! It's just annoying since I have so much work to do that requires my hands 
"@sarawise    That's the saddest de-evolution of yummy I think I've ever seen, hon.  At least have an oatmeal?  &lt;3"
Is soooo pissed at apple and AT&amp;T... Got the new update and still can't send pics  gotta wait till late summer!!!!!!
"@marieiris Being a Wisconsinite, I used to adore Brett. He'll always be my favorite QB, I'm just trying to ignore his nonsense lately. "
Just walked up the stopped 5 story escalator at peachtree center.  Who knew I'd be getting a workout on the way to class? Urban trek.
My feet are cold &amp; I have no socks today.  
"I have this gut feeling inside like something bad happened or its going to happened, idk I just do, I hope my dad is ok "
"bio almost DONNNEEEE, and then another  Vacations are coming up tho, hehe. : ]"
@lauraserrato and imma be married two years in august! I think we have taken our time....n my kid getting older doesn't help  we're ready!
never got to go to dairy queen with @THE_REAL_SHAQ 
"My ears are pure burnt to the crisp after Alton Towers, as is my face "
@iModel  things will get better
"I passed the PUP entrance exam before but sadly, I wasn't able to took my study there till now.  I want to be part of that university! "
Just woke up looks like it will be another HOT day here in Vegas! 
Has a 10 minute rule for english class... If im not here before 8:40 or i get locked out  hahahaha
"Strange. When we were 2gether (ahem) Pritam+Mohit came up with 'Tum se hi'. Now we've broken up, they've got 'Yeh Dooriyaan' !! "
Going to the hospital. 
@peterfacinelli Page wont load up for entry submission 
just found out I didn't get the client 
I need a car but cant afford one 
english exam tomorrow 
had an awesome wokout... but some fuck up hid the blender so my PWO meal tasted worse than usual... bastards... off to work now.... yay 
someone make me an iced caramel machiato please 
@Budman3456 Daddy got stationed at Fort Bragg North Carolina! I wanted Hawaii 
my ear hurts 
"Damn, I missed the third mangrove cip luh. "
Just got denied by 3 babysitters in a row. Guess spontaneous date nights are tough when u need to book a sitter a week in advance 
"is enjoying the sun but misses her phone, battery is dead and charger is in nottingham "
Thank you sidewalk for jumping out and biting the top of my toe off. OuchFuckShitBalls. Now one of my little piggies is all hacked up. 
Got to go to the open evening tonight 
work today 
shitty dream 
I donÂ´t want to school... IÂ´will fail maths 
no tattooin today 
!adium 1.4b7 does no longer work with !identica after the  !identica upgrade (at least not for me) 
Missed @jimmyfallon last night  I really want to go to NYC to see him live. And be called on stage when he has that long mic! So funny!!
i'd better get some sort of compensation for this 
@babygirlparis why aren't your shoes available in a size 11? i know that's your shoe size...it's mine too now i can't buy your shoes 
Pissed that someone already has the username peronto 
@plagiarismtoday I noticed some of peeps on the Wordcamp Dallas signup page added their Twitter link. Only some....   #wcdfw09
I can't use my phone in spain  *CRYYY*
really would like to have his xbox back 
@klin84 Nooo...didn't have time. 
I listened to my ipod for a little bit.  It didn't help get rid of my boredom I am still so bored. 
"Confused, really "
@DJKUTCASE lmao noo I'm not eatin that! I'm wantin it! Lmao.. yo tengo hambre! 
has to work tonight 
@ngma107 lol...i c i missed out on my wine last nite 
@apezface Nooooo! I have to leave at 5:30 today! 
@direzze so ur going back in fall? 
"Gonna go swimming...well, more like sit on the steps of the pool and read. Still feeling too crappy for any phsyical activity "
Back from the gym and theres no milk in the house. This is why i should have a PA. Also forgot my PIN number weed might be affecting me 
I dislike typos  (Now watching Cristina's Court )
@metatronics me too.  It's a class with 20 dumb girls and 1 thirty year old man. Wtf
"@Crazy4JoeMac I am still really bummed.   Just think road trip to see our guys tomorrow, gone   It would have been so much fun "
Am so tired now! On the way home. Didn't manage to get a phone case I liked. 
About to board a plane with my ipod but no ear buds 
So sad for @aejn... She dropped her phone and busted her LCD. 
OMDZZZZZZZ i have Maths ALL DAY tomorrow 
"has feed everyone in the house but herself.. Not liking what's left... Eggs, yuck! That also means having to clean a pan after "
@jennlevine Aw  did you know I left that stupid &quot;job&quot;?
" Megan, Lainie, and Terrilynn graduate today...  Now who am I supposed to chill with at lunchs when im in school again??     â™¥"
@RockSoundJen Not living in for FT fun London blows - and I'm playing in Reading tomorrow eve so it's not like I can come down either 
Didn't sleep until 6 AM. couldn't fall asleep 
its nice waking up to the sun. toodles gloom! getting ready for school. @marlaenalita sowwwwiee besty 
Disappointed 
Grrr coming on here was not a good way to start the day.. 
@choley  I was hoping sun was on it's way here at any moment.
mental breakdown :'( transformer doesn't help 
jury duty.......blahhhhhh .........ughh..so mad its too early 
mood swings at work: 8 am: mrph.  9:30: HI!!!  10:30: dear god I hate you all please kill me NOW.
"Damn, there wasn't supposed to be an apostrophe there... "
I'm leaving at 3 AM tomorrow......I still have nothing packed. 
@bhuto dude why were u waiting for @d7y U could have told me naaa.  Anyways @bhavis likes plp more then ppl ;)
@michellebythec ack.. That sucks! Hope you feel better! 
@Chandnim I wish 
@driveafastercar I was excited until I saw the ticket prices 
Gold rises by Rs 330 .... any idea when gold plans to come down again... I dont think gold understands recession and &quot;lower&quot; prices 
Only been awake a little while. Lots to do! We head back to TN on saturday.  
Bad day  lets just say i hate final exams. I'd love a good laugh.
I think Emma's goddamn ignoring me so she avoids saying she doesn't want to go tonight 
@antoinetteanin i miss you too nin  rabu dpn. atan sakit apa nin?
sooooooooo board rite now    hmmm wat to do??? xxxxx
Damn.. Does the 3GS take better low light pics than the trash the iPhone 3G does... I sure hope so 
"@galaxydazzle gah I don't have my English phone on me today, I forgot to unplug it before I left "
Learning....   XOXO AN ..... peace
"working 10 hrs today  - thankfully, its the end of my 44 hr week ! -"
i want to be outside and not stuck in the office...  its soooo nice weather and what bout me??
Somedays it just doesn't pay to come to work 
"@delhidreams  Sadly, yes! However in the south in places far from urban centres, women wear only saris."
Officially hate people who buy domains based on typos. Just got pop-up raped by google.cm 
@itsastitch well i hope everything is better today  call or text if you need to talk of course. love you!
"Just home debt to ulster bank all paid off only to hear about fww  gutted! still, good luck with album #2 guys! x"
Brought the kids outside while our driveway is still shaded. Its already hothothot out here. Sweaty Texas sunblock skin is the best. Not 
names weren't mario and luigi tho 
@LushLtd Big Blue but I wish I could get it w/o the seaweed 
"We had a little hiccup in our power this morning (weird, since there was no rain) and I slept in  Off to the market a bit late today!"
"shaq aint nobody watch i'll show you,,he's soft in the middle,, "
Dang it the kods wanted a tubby instead no shower yet.  I just wish they would say something before I get undressed lol
@Fashley22 I should have Googled Yaz b4 the contest.  I had no idea they were originally called Yazoo.  Sorry bout that 
"im really laging today, im a bit tired "
working all day !!!! 
i wanna know how much i got paid today but i don't wanna walk to the bank 
cough city 
@KhloeKardashian running errands too 
Feels like a part of me is missing 
"@Leake Oh man bullet proof sounds good, but I am not sure I could handle being shot full of anything "
Rock is dead ? ReportÃ© au 11 Octobre ! 
I'm really missing 1205 right now  xo
but i don't wanna! 
Cleaninq .   lol . then eatinqq .
Keeping an eye on @glastofest with increasing envy - for the first time in 10 years I really wish I was there 
I AM BROKE.... this isnt a good feeling!!!! 
last working day in play school is over  i'll miss them all! but i've my new tattoo. i'll upload a pic when it dosen't look scary anymore
@nantucketartist its the rain.  It really is hampering peoples moods. 
What up world! Last day of my vacay  gonna try and make this one count too &amp; prep to get back in the swing of things... :-/
"feels that she needs a haircut but Shunji says,&quot;no haircut for 3 months&quot; "
"@rennymah I'm still trying!  I'm just waiting for low prices! K, pramise me we'll grab my lisence when you're here! aaah"
going to write english part 2... reading comp  i'd rather be SNOWBOARDING. too bad there is no snow
Back to work tomorrow 
"argh i hate next doors dog :@ i wanna open my doors and let my cat go out for abit, but they'll end up fighting again if i do "
It's no longer sunny in Seattle.  http://tr.im/sunnyinseattle
I want to play blood bowl naaaau!! 
I could also murder a big mac 
@KoriFromOhio I'm jealous. WE aren't closed July 3rd. Boo. 
"Oh great i'm so tired and i've got work experience nxt week  my head hurts, i took to many of these strong tablets things and i passed out"
"well well well, i must myself get up and walk over to the juice centre  sigh"
I am lost - I don't get twitter 
@scribodelidae My sympathies that it's your Monday 
The boss is back in town 
"last day of asthma camp, it always goes too fast "
@Gustav83 I owe hundreds too 
SUPER JEAL of mommy's surprise trip for their anniversary.  I want to go to Cabo  Tuscaloosa is boring
hayfever sucks 
nothing to do but still no time for anything... 
i want 2 go home 
"just dropped my honey off at work in houma  have finals this week, 2 papers-3800 words total, yikes!"
Boredd wanna go to the pool 
"i dont feel like studying yet. i want to sleep again. chem, socio. "
@madalainev I wanna see she and him  whatvdid u get free tux too? You win so much stuff u lucky duck
a fun filled day off full of laundry and homework 
I miss NHL hockey  ... as if I have to wait another 3 months!
I think im going to die a slow and painful death of allergies 
Someone just came in on a helicopter  that makes my heart hurt
"Oh DelPo, not such a good day at the office for you. "
"Not happy. 1st no Nadal, now no more Del Potro. To top it off I bet Murray wins "
"@swiftkaratechop I'm glad someone's on track, I've been nocturnal since December. "
@linazele I ate it anyway. It's true. It's not good. 
"(sigh) just disappointed is all... we had plans to do kid-free things together (golf, weekend away, movies... hell DATING!) now he can't "
- has a touch of the old prickley heat rash... 
@kenmai9 yeah it did.  i was actually looking forward to it.
criss cross makes you jump! thnax a lot @bgouvern! 
I want to be sleeeeeping 
@ChicAlert: Unfortunately Nicole Miller bridal sale @blue_fly ended  Here is wedding sale they currently have running http://ow.ly/fCUG
@tiocleber PARA SEU CHATO 
uh oh ... may have issued another kiss of death on a british tennis player   Promise to zip it when Andy Murray comes on
Trying 2 get my hearing back.  Went 2 c Drowning Pool last night. Concert rocked but forgot my earplugs 
i am in college working 
why wont the sun come out??? 
@JonesBeach_1988 I wish I could be home still in my pj's 
My stomach hurts sooooo bad    now I have to follow some stupid diet to get better. Ughhh
@NaythenCash I miss my imeem app 
I'm soooo tired i only slept like 3 hours and then my dog made me get up now i cant go back to sleep 
meetings this morning and this afternoon...    tweet ya soon!
pleasantly surprised that Twitter isn't blocked at my job! Sitting at my desk bored until 5pm 
@KhloeKardashian unfortch I'm workin in ICU today KhloeK &amp; its too gorgeous outside to be stuck indoors for 12hrs 
Camwhoring with mum using iPhone in my ugly nerdy new spects! 
Please tell me why my daughter wants to go play outside this early in the morning?--------------&gt; please help me peel myself off the bed 
"ahhh man @1Omarion , that picture of you and your sis was reeeally cute. Seems like a pretty good relationship. I'm jealous "
Ticket sales for concert not doing well  sighs. Journey home now. - http://tweet.sg
@_Michaela IT WAS AWESOME!! but guess what 
Still unsure of this affair.  ilh NeverChange;
she left 5bucks from her piggy bank  FUND ME PLZ
@dannywood won 8th row to Tinley Park and then 2 hours later they were taken from me.  How crushing  
"@lrdmora Yes, have a curve-got a reply saying they're experiencing backlog &amp; might take a few weeks  "
getting ready to go back to ohio. im kinda excited but im dreding taking the kids back. 
@starpollo thanks but it's not working yet 
need a nap already and hungry 
Harddrive is completely dead. Shame 
I need help!! I am addicted to Twitter!! I am neglecting friends and family 
so very bored 
mom's packing for the beach 4 a couple days and we're not going  she shouldnt worry dad will let us get away with everything...
Pulling a 12 hour day today! 
I miss my phone sooo bad!! Need a job STAT!! Hmm... I hate babysitting 
Yay Konner and Kross are home...ughh cleaning 
@shinjiDev sorry por no ser tan nerd  o XDDD
"It's too sunny and hot, where winter gone? "
@gfveg no Jenny Mcarthy story here 
so unbelievably hot  but ice lolly is doing its job (Y)
@ChicAlert: Unfortunately Nicole Miller bridal sale @bluefly_com ended  Here is wedding sale it currently has running http://ow.ly/fPgv
comment on my FB: &quot;just quit your day job and go to concerts and shows full time.&quot;  I wish. 
i miss Egypt...  Kinder machen xd
Hating my life right now so much!!! 
Ow. I just punched myself in the face. 
Im startin to miss her alot 
@WhiteRabbitPaw  sorry I couldn't talk last night 
Woman dies in bathtub while tweeting...What a Shock    http://bit.ly/9w2Ua
On bus to DC- thankfully tall man next to me has ceased encroaching on my personal space. Nope-there goes the armrest 
Goodnight world. Unfortunately I must set my alarm for extra early so I'm not late for 9am meeting  Sleep well. Dream sweet. Happy Friday.
Our trip to starkville didn't work out    o well...glad to be home!
Been awake 19hrs alr. Me crazy lah. Tmrw early meetg w big boss oso. Sure gonna gimme some work. I dun mind bt If only they paid me more 
work is going by slow slow slow slow 
"Packing for Glasto, Pop up tent still opens but I cant close "
i wanna go to the beeeeeeeeeeach!! but i guess i'll settle for the pool in pearson 
"@obertron it did.. but I'd rather have hard ground and sun and sand at 7am then waking up to get ready for work, any day "
"Database column spelling bee: Amount - A, R, M, O, U, N, T - Amount "
just got home from work. i can hardly feel my legs right now... 
@ThinkingINcolor sigh i think i'm going to. i've already started eating my fingers though 
i have a horrible sstomachachee  i need to go home.
@LaurenConrad Love Actually is a great gauge for checking if someone has a soul..the Emma Thompson xmas scene kills me every time 
@DEdmondW hhaaha silly! thehott omg drool pic of the guys is on halles computer! I dont even have it myself  i do own that pic though
it's not fair... 
Need to get better by tommorrow 
3gs at lunch????I think so..time for that good old ole' ugrade..im gonna miss my aluminum baby though....we've been through alot...tear 
in work thinking i have kidney stones with the pain im in 
@KeralaHoliday i did actually...but not finding anything truly graphic  tried deviantart as well :|
"@DuaneJackson I know there were some bargains near farringdon, free rent periods etc... not sure re: victoria tho "
I am impatient and getting tired of waiting. 
@surbhi04 same here...i was in delhi on sunday n in bed for next 2 days coz of the heat 
@MaryRose_M I've seen a few turtle on the road myself. Unfortunately I also saw one that was killed. 
@211me UGH! After trying for awhile I got the form filled out and then it went offline   I think I should win out of frustration!
I want it to be 6 July already 
"@artfulmemories my husband and I can't wait to see it, but we're supposed to go with friends and not until next week!  Enjoy!"
has a bloody cold! i dont understand why! 
Nope. No tickets. What a let down. 
@safegeek yes. Best believe I heard about that on the job.  he's good QB but get off their knees already. Btwn him &amp; Tom Brady. Augh!
@LegalIvy I can't find it 
@LegalIvy I can't find it 
@Swasson It keeps crashing so I cant use it 
@SArmyPureEvil   *hugs and good thoughts*
@JeniT think we found a bug in rdfQuery trunk - not handling nested elements properly 
my arm hurt 
"it really, really, REALLY needs to be tomorrow at this point "
wish I knew how to cook 
sweating in my room with air conditioner turned on 
Hungover and tired  and at work :x!  Please hurry and get here 1 o'clock!
was hoping to go on a date but my plans to leave to jacksonville came early. 
Burying my Grandmother this week! 
I must be falling off or somethin cuz my @ replies dry and slow as a camel in the sahara. Lmaoo. Come on yall damn!!! 
It's almost 10pm...still waiting at Bunda...it's been 5 hrs...  capeeek...
What a crazy day. Having to make a tape for my route. 
"@QDax I know! As soon as I get home, he's outta there...real Twitter site is blocked @ work "
Finally doing the buisness ethics re-certification.  Playing catchup 
@DeloreanGray  i won't make it
@bettybubble seems like a lot of thrift stores are becoming that way lately.  
I'm worried about my doggie.  The doc didn't have good news   She's been a part of my life for 16 years.  what am i going to do?
sick baby duty again 
Backyard is finally getting landscaped!  Only downfall is that I already miss Spudnik who is staying at his grandparents for a few days 
He's asleep already.  wow.
Not ready for today. I need it to be the weekend. 
@211me not working for mee 
@jbhertel  Have a safe trip when you go.
"@hippyofdoom no, it was a mini feast, so chocolate, chocolate, more chocolate and some er nuts? 3/5 on the chocolate, 0/5 for fruit &amp; veg "
"Well time to go into hell for a day, alone.  . FML really, fuck it."
Wishing she was on vacation.  Extreme burn-out = unhappy Katie 
At home upset cause had a massive argument with my mate 
@GarthFisherMD âœ°Awww... your poor baby 
"The wonders of coding; Change nothing, and suddenly nothing works! Somebody must have changed something when I wasn't looking.. "
@ericaogrady  hey i REALLY NEED help with my Outlook... did @mistykhan reply...? 
@ispeed72 I hear ya! 
 so depressed. I hate everyday right now.
I just had a meeting outside and I am literally dripping 
roll on 8 o'clock  I want to go home!!!!!!
write to me something c'mon  i'm annoying wtf
@ CSUF. Still coughing and now I'm freezing. 
why do people insist on talking about the stupid prom. IM NOT INTERESTED. and i cant be dealing with people who cancel plans last minute! 
Farrah Fawcett Near Death.     http://bit.ly/GNdRR
Is vey Sad  College is over for this term I so loved Public Speaking had a great time but now it's over. but im one step closer to my goal
Mirs faaaaaaaaad 
It's never fun being sick. 
i wish i had milk right now.. i am craving some cereal. 
@GDeus yeah he was mental 
has a bad headache and isn't sure why 
"@lishannn HAHA not tonight, I'm beeesy now "
goin out 2 the club 2night can wait 2 party with my girls heels will be on deck 2 night OOWWWW!!! lol but i know my feet are goin 2 hurt 
@needlegstostand my polar bear has heatstroke 
have a killing headache 
http://www.reuters.com/article/latestCrisis/idUSN12456813 rat island is finally rat free!  looks like ephraim lost his vacation home 
Boo...to many things to do for tomorrow. Can't be spoiled by him today 
&amp; (sorry to say) a better 4th album...it's BAD!  @DawnieMichTodays artist is India Arie. She needs more airplay and better promotion!!!
"@jenuhfuh yea, i hear ya. Us larger mammals dont do so great in the heat too  lol"
@PerezHilton No word about marriage on Farrah's death bed? So sad 
Ok...Dr. Phil is making me cry today. 
"@211me When I try and click, Enter to Win, it was saying technical error, now it won't load "
"@OlallaaReiiGaal yes.. i need it to! i really miss them, really, really! "
Appointment with genius bar today after work... 
I'm soooo sore right now  This better ease off in a couple of days! Stretching isnt even helping!
I want to post lol cats on here but I can't 
My hands have lost half their movement! 
@ajuonline  I am scared
"fell asleep in the sun yesterday after partying all night, I look like a lobster "
is having difficulty sorting out the photos from the trip 
hates downer phone calls....  
"@jmbrawer well, looks like it's gonna cost about $300.  my dog has a continual stream of issues. &lt;sigh&gt;"
"Wish SVN 1.5 could commit individual changes in a file, like git-add can "
Couldn't find anyone at #twisto 
@dknyism i want to send you proper ones but i don't have the time this week 
"How heartbreaking. CJ hasnt been at daycare for 2wks due to family here. She cried this morning, I feel so rotten for leaving her. "
Dad and mom will have a trip to Macau. So jealous!!! I have to wait until July 16    Wish GOD will keep them save on their trip.
@sharonrsmith i have issues...i know 
meh I can't remember my GrandCentral information  Wanted to try out Google Voice today.
"Ant bite has produced small red bump. No huge blister, no supernatural powers. May have just been wimpy, not super-fire-radioactive ant. "
Is anyone else feeling disgustingly hot however much they fan themselves? 
@LNTereshkow I still don't get it.  
sitting in airport waiting for deladed flight!!!! 
Moving sucks hardcore.   Think im gonna go dye my hair...
Feel like crying. Don't want to go to work 
@heartfold I never had a worse trip. LOL. The plane washorrible that I hurt my neck while sleeping  And too much turbulence. Guilin hot &gt;&lt;
"@RachieRach3 Trip is going great, thanks! I think I burned yesterday, but the storm is gone and weather is fantastic. Back on Sunday. "
@SazFOB I wish @petewentz would open a Clandestine store in the UK. It costs a fortune to get Clandestine merch from the US 
"off to work, but not in the miata "
Wimbledon is killing me. First Sharapova yesterday - Del Potro today.  Enough of this - gone to play my own tennis match. Haha.
@smithant coffee Friday morning sounds great. I have to meet with corporate bigwigs at lunch 
"@sarahhuska Oh my god, I'd love to!  But I'm actually moving out this weekend   My room is FILLED with boxes at the moment"
wishing I could adopt all the strays laying out in the shade from the heat 
wants to go to town  but is stuck in work today 
*sigh* back to regular coffee today.  I'll be dreaming of my cafe con leche all day
"@thatwebchick Thank you. Unfortunately, he didn't make it. Life isn't fair sometimes. "
@cui_jie dunno eh i saw her email too! 
is getting ready for class then work 
it's so freakin' hot! i want to go home now 
"I lost a big friend  he doesn't talk me  I miss you... you are for me a brother, I'm sorry so much :'("
have a meeting in soho - need to get changed but it's too hot to be smart 
@officialmgnfox Sorry to hear about your cat  Losing a beloved pet is like losing a part of yourself. Take care!
@JdotRose lol i dont kno how from my phone  and i dont have any on my computer
Wtf's the holdup Waterstones online? Bring me my books ! 
Nothing to look forward to today... or for the rest of the week. I'm so bored 
"Grr, forgot I was wearing sunglasses, so they so fell off when I took my helmet off. Chipped the lens and took paint off. "
going to have fun with Est right now... i was missin' her  ... hope we can talk tonight...!!!!!!!
Jeeeeez somebody is grumpy today. I asked my mother for a lift home but she bit my head off  another two mile walk for evey. Blehhh.
Couldn't get moving this morning. Working in the sun everyday is getting to me 
@lovelees LMFAO! I'm going to miss all the laughs at his expense 
ARRIVING AT SCHOOL LEARNING ABOUT SPAIN AND THE FRENCH 
I think I may have jinxed her 
Oops. Feel remorse for being a total bitch to a credit card customer service rep. Sorry lady! 
every bit seems so fresh  http://plurk.com/p/13wtcm
I am seriously FREEZING 
 morning already...
Exhausted and really don't want to go to work this afternoon...... 
"@yooklyde Aww, you poor thing.   *MEGA HUGS*"
"@TeeDotReese yea, I've heard of ppl going 2 weeks! that's pushing it. Imma just take it day by day. ahh, that means no alcohol "
my breakfast was looking soooo yummy...until I caught kitty drinking the milk out of my cereal 
"@JulesMcFLY haha, great and I'm a geek "
the @bookdepository web site appears to be down 
@CHUTCHENS76 lol! Idk! It happened abt a month and a half ago. I was drunk. Was healing but I think I re-injured it 
sooooo sleepy.  need coffee. don't want to get up to make it though 
@trixieeeee Booo I blame the rain and the 3-day TH sched 
Good morning. Time for school 
Last night of band camp 
My aunt betta get here soon or i'm goin back to bed! Mall or no mall i dont care! not like i have $ to spend anyways 
@TheiPodWizz I sent them about 3 messages. Hope you get your account back! 
@Catarinem the aussie woooooooooon *yay* so happy! i ain't gonna watch for sure  that means i need someone to text me the results *brows*
WISHIN I WOULD HAVE JUS TOOK THE PICS WIT MY CAMERA!!!! DAMN Y I LISTEN TO HIM!!!??? 
at the vet with Gaskarth. Hope the little Shit doesnt die 
"Gooood morning..i have to do some cleaning today, unfortunately "
"@profi_youth Mist, voll die #currywurst verpennt "
@PegasusAngel was trying to arrange going to see Transformers 2 with some cousins but no one wants to go  might go 4 meal with parents
Adventure log: remy coul't come all the way home with me because people aren't ready to accept a winged dragon into society. 
off to the wonderful world of work! 
Work is going to be busy today 
HELP! im stuck in 'I forgive you land!&quot; which doesn't mean anything but fear. 
goin' to the dentist 
"Death sucks  ons gaan jou mis Oom Bok, R.I.P. "
"@iammatteblack I would love to but I have a wedding i am going to plus work in the morn, "
I have a sweet hologram Bengals cup but nothing to put in it  sad times
I have a good day  Then get told summin that makes me feel so fucking worried  of what might happen in the next month 
@cprice0129 I'm actually skipping out on tonight....  you're on your own for the sign language!! But the slideshow is my handy work.
@chinaealexander So sad indeed.    Where are you going?
"@AmberRainDesign Yeah, I don't trust the mail most of the time, lol. "
"Off to LA! 2 auditions today, 2 tomorrey. Grrr for the long drive though "
"omg! i haven't done anything. gosh, i feel so bloody awful  "
Gah!  Nightmare last night that @modwheelmood broke up 
"Off to the beach for the last time  it better be damn relaxing . I need it, :/ pero, i don't want more sunburn.."
@kacymariemae how did your phone blow up?? And oww uncomfy 
"Weather forecast is kinda shit. Of course, #Glastonbury is upon us. Sucks for the @maureenjohnson &amp; @coollike gathering tho "
why am i not feeling more relaxed about not going to summer school? 
finally got the stitches removed from son's forehead.. did not hurt him.. sure did hurt me 
No work today  instead out on the lake 
"My bum is numb.  been sitting in one position for almost 2 hours &amp; I have 4 or 5 more to go, roar! Haha"
I want the 2009 Jeep Wrangler Rubicon. I want it so bad. 
@thenCHsaid i have no idea. the one thats alive is kind of a maniac so we are thinking he may have killed the other one 
I want to watch transformers! 
@officialmgnfox http://twitpic.com/8d79j - RIP 
im soooooooooo tired today. And i have to clean up the house! 
i miss @sarahar092 and @marianna527  i need to hear being called kitty kat in person
feels ill from eating too much pizza and drinking too much orange juice 
"i'm bored, what can i do?  "
@LeighFrancis Do you have a link to it online? I don't get that paper here 
@evolvin how did it go? I'm guessing not so good 
"i totally didnt win anythinggg. ha. got work soon, cant enjoy the sunnn. gutted. "
i almost passed out at work 
my computer hasn't been working.  ( &lt;---haha belly rolls.
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/8dgix - I love you 
@ashumittal Thx. Unfortunately that didn't change anything  Maybe my converter is just messed up.
@jonmrich I cannot DM you because you are not following me. 
"@demitrasoldatos :O my mum just said i can't go. coz i wasnt in school today  GAH. now, im annoyed haha, i so wanted to go D: x"
I feel ya lol just woke up out of a nightmare 
6 straight hours of working non-stop! I need sleep... i need alcohol... i need my bed... I need my mom! 
At work. It's going to be along day.  #squarespace #trackle
I hate how old guys stare at me 
i want sum1 2 talk 2 me 
"I think the sun just peeked out, decided it hated everything, and went back behind the clouds. I wonder if we'll ever see the sun again. "
"I have no clue what to wear to the Ray's game on saturday.  it's a date, so i gotta look cute."
Coffee then off to work till 10pm 
bored  at da crib chillin CiiNdy!! u have 2 qo!!! convince ur mom! 
@aprileelcich yo that's groooooooosssssss!!!!!!!!!! I'm supposed to play beach volleyball this weekend 
why would they get rid of my thurs evening pilates class? jerks 
@TheAndyKaufman I only got 99.5  http://twitter.grader.com/rampler I am less great than @god and you
Is bored at work. None of the computers work 
Getting copy of my rap sheet 
is sad for is bank account after that vet visit! 
still trying to motivate and it's already 10:53....ughhhh!!  it's gonna be a long day 
Just finished memorizing poem and reading noli me tangere. Reportings 2m. Super busy.. Dont have much time for tweetering.. 
@chappy81 yea..maybe..i dont want to but may have to... 
I have a sweet holographic Bengals cup but nothing to put in it  sad times
@Collin_wolfboy your so lucky you've finished school! i have to wait for end of July 
everything about you ... is not easy to forget 
Gonna eat lunch soon cuz I gotta eat early cuz i have a dentist appt. ugh 
"hey 10 clicks so far today now but  no sales! however this is 1 click more then yesterday, so it is up."
is getting ready to go to work 
"Can't even write while I wait... I'll miss it again  I'm just going to keep talking to myself or singing. La la la, la, la, lalalala"
"oh i can hear all the frivolity coming from the beach, i wish i was there and not just looking out the window at them all from work!!! "
- Subway was a bad choice 
I won! But not Shinedown tickets.... 
whyyy is everything in celcius?? 28 degrees may sound cold but its actually freaking HOT! 
"i miss you, i miss your smile. and i still shead a tear every once in a while...  :L"
@kickpunchblock myspace.com/mylifeisinblackandwhite  Gotta find a different avenue to share my music. Check out &quot;tides&quot;
Shout Outs O2 Ma New Followerss ( Thea'ss Only Ah Feww  ] Cuss Mah Twin Wont Help Me !
@DeeniesWay It wasn't on purpose! I have a massive graze and bruise there for the prom now 
OUCH--i fell cus i got freaked out by a bugg!! 
Sitting @ work wishin I wuz home with da boyz.......only have Kayson Michael for 2 months and one of those iz almost gone  !!!
SO not motivated to go to work! 
Well 3 finals in one day can definitely bring ones spirits down! 
up so early at the damn doctors  fuckin shoulder 
@MsJuicy313 Awwww!!!  I know how you feel
Good morning! Study time yuck 
My sister just left. That makes me sad. 
have to go to the doctor now - ughhh. Its annual check up time! lovely 
@CTerry1985 UH OH 
@MadamSalami its all crossed! just found out another friend is getting married now &amp; having a baby! when will my time come  i want a man!
whats going on with the weather. I heard thunder a couple hours ago and now i walk up with a semi clear sky and no rain 
where's mike in all the cash cash pictures? 
@ChrisKoenig We miss you already!  Why can't you be everywhere at once? gah.
@LyleHawthorne awhh 
i think im getting sick 
damn picture not working! try again 
shares awww... booger grew up so fast  http://tinyurl.com/mze3yc http://plurk.com/p/13wu7j
Last day before I go back to work 
Found an old message from my best friend during junior year.  It's not nice 
"Dam, headache! Would that be asking too much if I dreamed of working as a writer at home? Sick of school! "
I want a new tattoo dammit! Its been almost 3 months since my last one! 
burnt my fingers while preparing lunch 
I got an 1890 on the SATs...not bad for cramming in 3 hours of studying the night before haha. And Delpo lost. I put money on him too 
"@Jenni_xD dun think so, too sore "
I love and miss you. 
"Flippin heck, the upgrade price to Windows 7 Ultimate is stupidly high. Not exactly encouraging people to upgrade, Microsoft. "
Going on the treadmill. Wish me luck! 
steering rack arm snapped while out in my car today!! looking like my weekend of passion is on hold....once again 
@evilgordon bean bag and beer.......jealous!! M62 and M60 for me shortly 
Is hot and bothered and wants to go home now 
"yo, can we get some sunshine.. its seriously been raining twenty one of the twenty five days of june.. insane. "
Don't leave GR Raze. We'll make it a better place 
@kailaengland ok  twitters having follower/following/block issues meaning they alternate on and off; right now blocking is down
@xQuietStormx lol. is your finger still hurting 
@DominiqueDaDiva Girl I gotta make a big decision..have a serious talk with someone..and I'm just super nervous! 
@coffeepink yeah--it croaked. left me and the fam at the side of the road...felt bad for my kids.  but today is a new day!!
really needs to go for a run but can't 
Needs a website  but has no money!!
@itsakx I want tooo as well. But I am scared that it'll be another movie with all the hype and no matter 
@contentqb i really want the N97 though my provider aren't doing it. 
"iam woke up so happy , But iam problem here...... in real life she want a friend , not ... Boy friend "
amazingggg night/morning...bad headache though 
@naughtydred Thanks! I'll look at this soon when I'm not at a blocked computer 
Can't get any sleep 
i know..no one cares 
@nikkie20six good Morning please don't leave 
NO JOKE -- I was excited until I saw the ticket prices  (via @disavian)
My a.d.d. saddens/frustrates me. 
Annoyed thet my blog won't allow me to export blogML because it's broken 
I had the most ridiculous dream last night that has put me in a bad mood today. 
Found lot's of fellow Oztionites. This could get addictive 
PT on table. Calibration machine is down in nuclear med. Waiting with Tony for the SIR spheres dose. It may be 30 mins! 
"@lamacey dang it. i know you called me. i need to return your call. but i am just in BMore for 24 hours, i fly back to OK 2nite. "
is suffering silently. and is freezing. not a good combination. 
Extremely tired and bored but don't feel like sleeping! 
uuuuugh.....feel well sick today  
migration assistant: less than a minute-since 20 minutes-did not know that apple is working with microsoft time 
Is stuck on motorway 
in the waittin room at the doctor's office wanttin some food.... 
Domino just killed a baby mouse. 
so sorry &amp; Angry for the peolpe of the country and cities of IRAN 
@DawgWonder my bad. 
"MS Wiki Research surveys of 100+ wikis - Concludes - Immense Appeal, some successes, mostly dead wikis.  #e2conf"
@heatherela aw on ye go!  xx
"argh, guess gotta sleep now (just kill me).  Bleh. Goodnighty."
Not really sure what the current discussion has to do with the topic of the session.  #e2conf46
My chargers not working so my laptops dead and I can't go on msn   x
i am not that was my sister keana that said i was wearing a thong i swair 
@trellis36 for like 4 hours! lmao 
cleaning a little...gettin ready...then goin to see my accountant to pay more taxes  All Bets Are Off today at 3!!!
@lightmastertech Only problem is that I have a few sites hosting from the one MobileMe account and cant use a Domain Name for each 
welllllll not sure what im doing today prolly hanging with the fam  ..still no txting..fml!
Spongebob's over...  I guess Ill watch Sweeney Todd again.
@InEveryWordISay I don't know how to help! I feel helpless for you   I hope things will get better
@uncultured   My parents used to be missionaries in Russia and got the same response from a lot of people.
"@KizzieRascal Sorry, I was battered  Congrats though! Good grades!"
Loadss Of Homeorkk 
This boy &quot;Geoff&quot; was our garden help(God bless him) he used to work for food-not a plate of food but food provisions for his family 
@thetechnewsblog What? does that go for Europeans living in the US too? 
"@Sazzz_ OMG wow! Lucky! 12th July, Liverpool? I wanted to go but I have a trip to Italy right after it "
@bankerbradford High tech bank security tells me Kid Artwork = Obscene/Tasteless.  
"@peterfacinelli @211me hey guys, the link to enter for the chair doesn't work  i get a 'page cannot be displayed'!"
@gwjones00 haven't been to a game since opening game.  bummer! it's those 909ers.
also wish I could be at #biorama2 but found out about it too late 
Having my dinner all alone 
Sent out resume again...I guess I'm not good enough..hohum!!!  
I think I like tweetie better and twitterific but tweetie is all jakes up with the new iPhone update 
@beschbach I am hoping I can fit it all and keep the calorie count down 
@ShannonTX congrats on your party sorry i couldnt be there  i will try my hardest to make it to your wedding i promise
Wishes she was going to Colorado with my family today 
Updating all his programs on the new berry.  So far so good... But my Sudoku times are all gone.  
ift to starbucks  whats wrong with me. - http://tweet.sg
o course i have to work on this BEAUTIFUL day 
UGG trying to eat french toast with a new upper lip piercing not sooo easy 
I know i should be happy but truly im not 
@HitmanPR so sad about her &amp; will pray for her. Not understanding about Ryan..thought it was all about love 
@crazeegeekchick  - Sorry to hear it. I'm guessing you'll make the pizza meetup at Mellow Mushroom though?
4 more days till my birthday....hanging with Ariel tomorrow before she leaves the country 
@ home with the little one... i no feel so good 
BELLY IS RUMBLING ... why is my lunch 1 HOUR away ... should I eat this choclate bar thats been @ my desk for 1 week? 230 calories  ...
"#threadless I'd love to be wearing &quot;Cookie Loves Milk&quot;!... sold out for my size, though "
Just had 90 mins of CBT. Indulgent but neceesary. I've got a recording to listen back on 
"@redspectral Naturally, the two seconds i'm away from the computer is when the edc times in up. "
@SimplyShiq I like mine too  but I'm thinking the g2 will be better than the iphone once again when it comes out
"@Jonrevels Jooonnnn, then you shouldn't stretch so fasttt "
"@ezhao nope, still cloudy "
I seem to have lost my iPhone. 
@WalkUpRadio probably won't come. I'm from Utica  sounds fun though.
"@teresajohns much to my dismay, prob never "
of course i have to work on this BEAUTIFUL day 
I only have three more weeks left in New York City  boo!
going to see transformers 2 today then paiges going away get together 
just finished watchin &quot;Quarentine&quot; lol fuk that shit is crazy got me all scared  lol
i hate sleeping alone... 
Ok ok the &quot;Pic n Mix&quot; link - http://bit.ly/STa8t  #woolworths - &quot;Your Bag is dangerously empty&quot;  dangerously?
"@annetteleonhard I managed to fall asleep ok, but after my 7am trip outside with the dog I just could not fall asleep again!! "
Eveybody please ask around ask family and friends if they'll take Reese we can't have her anymore  we are getting fined 300 a day
open office being silly today. keeps crashing me out #wastedtime 
lyin bed. down with some sorta throat problem.. sucks 
@AceyBongos Mr Acey is there anything wrong with XBL Marketplace? I can't access anything 
years of fiscal incompetence has led to the library cuts in Ohio. Poor kids 
is sad   this girl is backstabbing me. :|
"buses keep driving past, they all work  not fair !"
I don't wanna go to work 
"@JILLABIGCITY awww, i bet you do miss her.  i seriously can't imagine.  "
@RochelleVeturis what about me  .... sniff
i wish that my house was empty today 
Were back up  o well it was a nice 2 1/2 hr brake I was watching dirty dancing on my iPhone thanks apple for the iPhone lol
Were back up  o well it was a nice 2 1/2 hr brake I was watching dirty dancing on my iPhone thanks apple for the iPhone lol http://tin ...
updating vmware tools on my centos 5.3 vm made it run a quarter-speed. time to reinstall the image... 
Didn't use the computer all day.  Following 109? :o
@KhloeKardashian Ughhh working  I wish I was out enjoying the weather!
@brookehaskins If it's any consolation I'm in the same position. 
@Leanne0710 Samee a cant get anymore 2 work after that last one lol  was a good time waster ahaha
"no, i have ANOTHER day off!!! unfortunately i have a boatload of crap to do  you better teach me soon!!!"
Currently busy with job searching. Not much time to spend in net 
@Twitter_Tips Sorry mate... twitter follow fix still isn't working for me.  
@sassjordan We can only see what you write unless we're following or being followed by your other followers! 
@kacymariemae oh god im sorry kacy  you can turn my device tweets off ill understand x.x gar what a buttmunch! why isn't he
"Ãšgy esik az esÅ‘, ahogy mÃ©g soha. Ma edzÃ©s. KiszÃºrtÃ¡k a bringÃ¡m kerekeit. When you love someone but it goes to waste. Coud it be worse...? "
@kyeli mine did that to me in the middle of the night. Turns out they got onto my altar...my chalice got smashed! They looked guilty too 
Everything is nearly packed. Just last minute things left for the morning now. 
@dbrauer Now - the MPR NewsQ site looks like the web page of a newspaper.  
New home 'server' PC has arrived. Now... to learn Windows Vista 
"@nwendt941 Sure, but I realized last night we can't see it for at least 2 weeks "
Homeworkkkk. Ugh! Need to wake up early tmr to collect form from school. I wanna watch drag me to hell and transformers 2!! 
"@SNICKER386  I didn't know abt the Tweetup. But I see the hashtag now. Oh, I would love to go next time."
@GayMountain :O stop tweeting when u rickroll me! 
"Wishes @christoferdrew would update,update! His little quotes are pissing ne off! Their true, but come on! Be real with us "
Today was my dad's birthday. 
"Uh.... That's a really spectacular house, except the Sunburst carpet with the Dark Mahogany wood hurts my eyes. "
"RIP Summer, you truly lived up to your name.  SHFAH forever!!"
"I miss A, I really do. "
do my fuck homework 
Good night world. I miss my cuz 
@malcolmsclark Is Raven not a kids show or am I thinking of something else? :$ Also baked beans from a can sounds so gross! 
"@ScottBourne thanks for the podcast! Always enjoying it, and downloading the newest one directly to my phone (computer is broken "
lol waiting for a game cube action replay to get here all the way from california!!!!!! it takes so long though.. its kinda sad  roflcoptr
getting ready for work.. dont wanna go  just kill me now aha
I need out of this house 
"@ItsMeMaven I'd ask if you want to do lunch, but Verizon STILL isn't here and I don't know how long they'll take.  "
Poor Ethan Zohn and his beautiful hair.  http://bit.ly/3hOSj
"But IÂ´m sad, because my mum is at the hospital since tuesday. She isnÂ´t doing well  I hope so that she become healthy!!!!!"
@Yunaaaa going back to library  try hard at dfferent area
@sarahdoug07 I MISS YOUUUU 
stuck in my cubicle alllll day 
Ok I don't wanna sound snooty but were at a punk and emo club and there is waaaay too many jocks here I hate uni holidays  this is ours
I miss my phone  Why are everyone's phones breaking all of a sudden? Maybe the phone companies do this on purpose.......
"I love The Nanny, but I'm so tired by midnight that when I lie down to watch it I fall asleep. "
"Ugh, not looking forward to this, not at all. I hate needles, I HATE needles.  I'm going to hyperventilate or worse.... "
"that is, after i take my two finals "
@Deishawn when I get a day off. Let's do some magic man. I only got to play 2 times 
I am hoping I can fight it all and keep the calorie count down 
@ericwareheim howzabout bringing the awesome tour to Toronto? Canadians are missing out 
My laptop is Poopy http://dowler29.blogspot.com/  x
its uber annoying EVERYONE has a twitter. Trendy people ruin all the good stuff.  - Ranting
@woookash Ca marche pÃ´! 
i dont owe anyone 30 dollars! 
@kittylair lol! Awesome! I won't be there until tomorrow at the earliest. Saturday at the latest.  Boo working!
"I'm one unhappy chappy today. My head feels like it's going to explode, so no town time for me tonight "
ok so i cant get dish...guess i gotta stick to the antenna...sad day...my burn still hurts...  
i have about 1 minute left of internet 
@satin_lily it is so distressing to hear the words tear gas and bomb every single while watchin the news. 
im sick of college already 
was hard to sleep last night after abby left felt like something was missing i guess it's just a matter of time 
"On the train to LAX! Bye cali, I'll miss you v much "
@YallcancallmeK awww man K u didn't let me know that she was back! ..... I'm so mad @ u... 
continue waiting for yesterday I only have 2 episodes for that series!  BTW ( not trying to brag) I think it is perfect for Zashley lovers
ugh. cellphone option isn't working.  .....aunt kim..?
I feel so naked without my watch!!! 
@KimmieDavid That's awesome you get to go to five shows. Heck yeah. I still want to go with you to one. 
@sherryvanstone I hate to tell you this but it's not TGIF yet    Thursday is one day closer to Friday and Friday is one day closer to  ...
To things i wish. 1) i wasn't really tired 2) i was going to warped. 
My thumbs are all cut up. &amp; they hurt 
"I'm Gonna Miss Being Here When I Leave, "
@Christine_Dolce i cant direct message you because it doesnt let me! 
@kitscheartache omg i'm so sorry i was staring open-mouthed at prison break i forgot about my computer 
...and by 'us' i mean IF she would call abroad 
"At work, editing this concert piece, the cute intern is not in 2day  lol"
Wait Del Potro lost?!?! One of my favs already out and I have not even seen a single match yet 
well. grad's over. i gotta feeling wouldnt work at the stupid dance  somebody sneaked off. guess those ppl dont care bout friends. w/er.
@rizaldi1982 siaaall...me still pissed!!!! Its drained my + energy 
"@teamlick 12 hrs, dude . . maybe next time. "
I was just told i have gestational diabetes. damn this sucks! gotta prick my finger and test my blood 
Ughh todays beach weather... But I have work. Need...midol 
@karmadillo hmmm.  not good 
just got done registering for next years uni courses - except one course that i desperately need was all full 
Signed my little guy up for preschool today 
my neck aches... 
"@agnosticanarch Disney has no current plans to release the Season 2, Volume 2 DVD. Apprently Season 2, Volume 1 didn't sell well enough. "
I was just told i have gestational diabetes. damn this sucks! gotta prick my finger and test my blood 
@QuietAsAMouse sadly yeah.. Couldn't get a job and I'm out of money 
Off to a driving lesson...then a violin lesson...then a dance lesson...someone kill me? 
No action tmw no showdown...  ...dunno if its good or bad
argh. thunder. rain. was calling for cloudiness earlier this week so I hope it stops otherwise i might need to pick another date 
ugh... woke up with a headache... 
My hamster's getting old :'( he's skinny and dazed. don't think he's gonna be around much longer. 
Needs to find his ipod i think the couch has eated it 
"@Ashjen3 :O your well lucky, ive got like 3 weeks left  and the weathers well good "
&quot;The Storm&quot; has been stuck in my head since June 16th. THIS HAS GONE TOO FAR 
Tired so tired I wanna go to sleep but I can't 
"man i'm tired, no sleep till 1.30am...wtf is goiiiiin on??? "
@joyci4Archie I wish we could go together! I miss you so much! It makes me sad. 
"It's clear blue sky now, but supposed to rain just about the same time as my tee time after work.   How can that be?"
Google Chrome is so effing fast! Especially on a Quad core machine. I just really wish I had AdBlock Plus and Googlepedia from Firefox 
@ChristinaNinja gotta keep it pg especially if i aint getting any 
http://twitpic.com/8dgx6 - @Awesome_Tie yeah that was a sneak peek but it actually starts in September 
Farrah Faucet given last rights.. God Bless you and your posters Farrah. You've made so many horny males in the 70's so very happy 
Hi. I'm new please spare me 
@Svillebaby23 I want breakfast 
Trying to get out of bed 
"@hannah_wong i dont want a torch !!  i want more clothes since ur sister here has been gaining weight,!!"
The day's already crawling  is it 2:30 yet?
i has a headache 
no messages from John.. 
"Oh hi disappointment, you suck. "
is all alone in the shop 
En route to my last ballet class w Dorit. 
don't want to hope too much 
I just missed the train 
@hanaames because it's expensive and i don't want to? 
@alexifong I miss my LJ too 
@satin_lily it is so distressing to hear the words tear gas and bomb every single day while watchin the news. 
pool party...Horray! But i'm sick.  ~M@d&gt;-
"is home sick today, thinking about all the things he needs to work on. "
Knee is not good today 
has to drop Sadie off at the vet..getting her de-clawed and feel pretty shitty about doing that to her...  
@lil_kimmeh i really want to but the shippings to much! 
"Sitting on train 2 santana sipping COFFEE omgz eevil. Rv Mansour shiur on mp3. Still, wish was home making comics "
The DMV is so slow 
@tracecyrus http://twitpic.com/8d047 - do u like barcelona? but LA is better!!! I want to go to LA!!! 
My babes @chedder1224 just left for work I feel sad 
@trayceee WHAT! but i have to workk 
@piinklaurenn Guess what? iPhone shortage already.  I even ordered it within the first hour of availability.  3-4 weeks. 
@thatwebchick Thanks for that. He was a close friend of my fiancÃ©e's. He was only 26. 
Sick  again...
fuck sake  ughh.
"@richardveryard Cheers, but looking for a way to apply rounding to lots of numbers, in bulk... "
Park Village 36E is basically all packed up  sad sad times... but happy happy drinking times soon 
"@anwynxo I want a dog! But I can't have them in my apartment, plus they're expensive "
Morning tweets! En route to key west...oh so fabulous! But still missin my naner  xoxo
Wishes that she could be excited that tomorrow is friday...but no i work all weekend 
@exhibitv auditing our client files! 
would very much like to be at Glasto 
Short Vacation is ending. work today  .  getting the bus soon. gonna miss my baby girl.
my cat zed has been missing for over a day 
"i don't get it they played series 1, then 3, then 4 and 5 why did e4 totally cut out playin season 2 of one tree hill,  "
Where the hell is the sun?? 
"Went to the beach at the end of my road yesterday.  Went swimming and everything.  Did get a bit of a sunburn, tho.    Back to work today."
Shaq is gone 
I guess the &quot;Donauinselfest&quot; won't really take place this weekend 
"It's really hot outside, but i've to learn for my testweek "
trying to take a drug test and i cant pee  i been here for an hour
"RJvR82: I will try and see if I can do it from here, might take a while   "
@ruttski oh okay  will we be able to save our replays to hdd @ fifa10? i dont think its that hard. nhl09 and pes2009 can do that also ...
omg I feel like I just failed economics 
Hoping my honey gets to feeling better!  Poor baby gots a sore throat! 
@nazzie86 No didn't get a chace to watch TF  Going to hit an I-max this weekend with any luck! I need it in my life soooooo bad lol ;)
can't even seem to GIVE AWAY items from this shop http://weewoobies.etsy.com *sigh*  hope I can keep it open...
Back to work 
maybe you should shut the fuck up already.please 
@SYDNEYx0 i hope so! all i've heard is how bad it is  we'll see today!
@Jensen_Young couldn't find any 
Had a dream about OU last night...gosh I'm homesick 
@descrovi i miss you 
"Was having dinner with parents downstairs in Dining Room, they started watching 'Baba Ramdev Yoga' thingy, so I'm back to my room  ."
Blah 5am still up  daang I got deep problems
@jenspeedy I would suggest avoiding 360 Living.  Not goodness    Try contacting Scott at MKCC mkccrenovations@rogers.com 905-303-9009
@alexbroun I didn't convince myself I was fat and ugly someone else did a pretty good job of that. Its a long story sorry 
"@spotzle @jstarrh check on sunscreen, snacks, towels, suits, kids  drinks, bags and tape for boys cast, camera.  Need toys, chairs ugh :-/"
im sitting alone at TTE myself without my two michigan sisters for the first time in a decade.  
@Julie90210 It took me three attempts but I got it in the end. I'm sorry for your loss  Did you try the DRU thing and iTunes restore?
awake for summer school. 
"@AJBombers Just noticed it is an afternoon game, won't be able to make that game sorry, thanks for the offer but I will have to decline.. "
"Sorry for the long listening, but I'm too lazy for twitter  and I had to work hard in the last week"
Bleurgh...feeling rough 
Hey @pcwoessner have to leave   back to work.   (Summer PD 09 live &gt; http://ustre.am/3mgf)
@margxwanders awwwwwwwww! busy much?? miss you gaux! 
Just got to work 
@claireliz81 ....he caught Sanchez's disease 
slow day 
"worried about my kitty. had some sort of convulsions last night and blood came out his nose. vet time, little buddy "
stupid rain just woke me up. already sense a bad day ahead 
Sick again! I HATE allergy season.. This is my 3rd allergy attack in 4 months! Ugh..  I wish i could sleep through the sickness 
at work booooo 
what a lovely day! even though im very bored!! work tonight first day back since iv been poorly... 
"I feel so out of touch with the world! I haven't been able to read gossip blogs, tumblr, Twitter or the news. "
"ugh, i hate work "
i think i broke my ubertwitter 
My 250 gb western digital USB drive is now clicking unreadable. It contains every piece of little girls life on it w/ pics video.  HELP.
No time for Twitter lately 
Lying on the couch with a migraine 
Unable to CAD today due to seizing up of back and shoulders. This is what happens when you don't stretch after you strength train.. 
"Aww man, I'm out of the super soft Kleenexes "
Had horrible thoughts today!  I really should find someone for the time being tbh
@nikkidecoy So sorry to hear that   You and your family are in my prayers.
"I want to buy a MacBook for my return to school, but I can't afford it. "
Juan Martin.  Murray's path to the final is getting clearer and clearer.
Transformers ROTF was say-so. Skids@Mudflap are fail stupid. Random vulgarity for no reason.  Cant take my son to see it 
can't type in Hebrew on Seesmic Desktop 
pls someone help me to put my eyes away from twitter! D: i feel devastated. and depressed. homework homework homework 
ok so I slept in my clothes last nt!  ahh I know horible rt! I was sooo exhausted! damn dnt u hate when that happens...
@KhloeKardashian working in the 100 degree heat. 
@CheryleLapitan did u order it from nba.com? my chip shirt came but not the hat yet  lol
wants to apologize to my Farm Town friends - not been on for awhile 
"WTA. Total screwup today, as Errani just surrendered in the second set. I am 1-9 in the last ten predictions "
Puddin' is going to cut his hair? But I love the way it looks right now... 
Jus woke up. Hoping that you'll tlk to me today  didn't really sleep long lastnight
@nidsonline i so wish i could get a good bhutta here but for that too i will have to come to delhi 
iPhone 3GS not coming till Monday!!!! booooooo 
SUPER FRiCKiN LAME... i NEVER GO WiTH MY 1ST ANSWER  ND OF COUSRE iT WAS RiGHT BUT i GOT THE ANSWER WRONG....SMH!
@SnarkandFury On PC right?  Ach another game I can't play with people I know because I game on the 360... 
"@onesoulfulnegro   Perhaps you need to reschedule that trip, sooner than later. And I am great thanks.  Today is my Friday."
Tired  not at home now. - http://tweet.sg
"some parts of camp rock makes me wanna cry, ahh it's so strange! i don't like when two people are argueing! "
@myhocuspocus Haaaaa I guess sooo ooh I'm in bloody deep shit hun 
"@plindman Ouch, that sucks. You have my sympathy. "
@woganmay  ....damn it...its not part of taxonomy......i got to do an inner join somewhere  shit!
"I need a big coffee, but there is nobody who drink with me "
@kimmygibs how did you like that movie? I kinda want to see it. I've been good just working 
When you taking me???  @tabiness Took my cuz out for his 1st beer.. *sigh*
@jlbooth Greekfest has greek fries (they're AWESOME). There is no Frenchfest 
@sinners91 you may aswell just remove your twitter account... the fact you have one and dont use it makes me sad 
 i want to go home get in bed. eat soup. watch friends season 5. all day. i feel like crap
"@brandi_b They grow up too dang fast, don't they?  "
My stomach just grumbled so loudly that my co-worker stopped in midstream of his phone conversation to look at me as if I'd broken wind! 
"@bemy_zombiehero ughh lucky that's better than no sun, which is how it is here. "
someone should hang out with me today/tonight. i'll be in st pete friday and saturday night 
"I can't escape my desk for coffee, as I'm waiting for a call. "
i'm not ready for thunder storms today 
@Carm823 that's such a pissoff!! I can't get the iphone or an android!!  looks like a palm pre fo me!
On the way to get Maddox's shots. 
I'm so unbelievably tired. 
One of my fish died.  And it's my mom's birthday pa naman.
Jacks first ear infection   http://twitpic.com/8di4u
Is bored to deathh zz 
i aimed the hairspray wrong and it went in my mouth and now i feel sick 
@RocknMommy4 Don't worry about sounding like a moron your previous tweets took care of that! 
i am worried about my dad 
I wish I had an older sister or older brother around 
@diana_mazzone There is something wrong with the entry site....it is temporarily down. 
@emma_elizabeth cool what time you gonna be in town cos i start work at 4 
@ayumi_rollan i know.  call me tomorrow hun. ;]
"@Jenn_ex Oh man. I hope its not surgery for you. You're killing it right now, you don't need to be up in bed with a bum knee. "
miss him every second of every day  just wish some things could go back the way they were  ...
@owl_order aiya. i'm not short enough!  haha really there's such a saying? hmm.
@SkinnyMonkie they declined me  Bad credit.
i think jordan knight was injured. just got bak from the cleveland show. he could barely bend his back. he didnt look happy  
well todays the day...poor Jax. 
@SadiePetunia I don't watch Grey's Anatomy and I haven't seen any of them hooking up with each other- most are already married 
http://twitpic.com/8dgx6 - @Awesome_Tie same  maybe its not true but thats what some website said! 
"wanna go to school tomorrow, but i can't "
@_Mav_ I hope things get better  
Working again.  
Music Snitch is having some technical problems at the moment 
Anyone having trouble with #Ubiquity 0.5 beta not showing? Doesn't matter what I set the short cut to... 
I shouldn't drink on Wednesdays 
"i expected a semi-breezy day with the rain. now there's sun, a very hot one. GRRRR. it's so freaking hot. i wanna go to the pool. "
Challenge is at Pape's. 7pm  No meal.   Ultimate after if not stupid hot. Check unlchallenge.com for directions.
"@iut It's too late... I've &quot;Reset Safari&quot;, and all my history, top sites, save names and passwords ... are gone "
Mourning my Charlee's passing 
Mad g0t bit by mesquitez last night 
Back and Ignored. 
@BrookeLockart OKAY! I guess WE are destined to meet HHH on the East Coast one day CA pretty much decided for us that we can't stay 
@alyaqasthari stay with me 
omg my whole body aches  how can i get out of bed
@MagnumDollars yeah bruv just roaming in town...lol lost with ur music  feel bad...hehe
I have just you tubed Shaggy..oh carolina...i have no idea why.I wish i was in the carribean with a tequila sunrise now  lolx
@LaSandraC...im waiting on @LoveAjaMay to spend time with me too....  Hope she has time for US soon!
Back to using Firefox as by default browser. I just do too much css work to keep using safari. Sad day 
@ljboni I care and want them too. Except I just spent all year growing out my hair so it would be 100% natural. 
"@kendravvv Nooo, it doesn't work whether I have it or not. My mom forgot to pay my phone bill again and she can't pay it from work "
RIP Joshua Ray Willoughby...cant believe its been so long 
"The prying eyes of the @googlecar are definitely NOT welcome in Ventnor. Sadly, that didn't stop them coming "
"@NDollaaa eeeee they are! A lady on miami ink had a pet lemur! I went nuts. I want one! Only legal in some states though, not uk  weep!"
feeling a little under the weather...   Thank God tomorrow is FRIDAY!!!!
"@princetim Awww, that's terrible. Particularly so far away. "
"Well, time to start prepping for work.   I will be done house sitting tomorrow &amp; back to the countryside / home. Gonna have to cut grass."
@drzgreatest227 no you dont  you forqot about me
Real tired after today's fiasco .... the joys of living beside idiots. 
Mr. Sun! Whered you gooooo??! 
Being pretty bored wishing i had something to do 
"Baltacha out in staight sets, shame "
@Capsfans Shame on you Feds!!! 
I feel like shittt 
@pia1996 sad that today's the last day 
wanting to go home 
" i got rug burns on my knees, slammed my chest into the arm of the chair, and even got rug burn on my left hand."
"@BreBaby143 Yeah and I LOVED Stay With Me Baby, so sad he took that out "
he stuck on my mind arrgh! please dont treat me like that 
My picture looks terrible  and they just called 666
"@springhillroyce Crap! (yeah, literally).  I hope you are OK and that you got the plumbing fixed!! I hope you don't have food poisoning "
"Fml, I can never actually take a nap alone. I just sit there, not sleeping. "
kinda sad by the fact that grannies are leaving the country tomorrow 
@angiebatgirl Yeah and they make it tough for me to get down there to see the people I love  PS how's your mouth doin?
Skank train. No mirror = no make up 
@ally_geee did u talk 2 brooke today? Awe cheer up  thing of Å¡hÃ¥Ã¼Ã± and his thongs XD lol
im quite surprised that only one of my 280 followers gives a cr*p about cirvical cancer... 
@gabigail87 oh..wow... moo day  hope you aren't dead haha. &lt;3
Out of Ritter Sport 
is low batt 
@fingersandtoes I'd love to but will be at work 
I hate it when my coffee goes cold 
It's so cold in my room. I want food. My sister finished my Sour Patch Kids and sunflower seeds. 
@insearchofnkotb FYI - &quot;My Sister's Keeper&quot; = not a great movie.  I saw it on Tue and it was &quot;just ok&quot; ...
I am on the air and sooooooooo Hungry!!!! I don't think I can make it until 2 
I am all moved but Skittles died while we were on vacation 
@GayPatriot All I see is a picture of Sanford. 
"@hollywoodaudrey My schedule has been changed and I'm still in TYO  I'll be back next week and yes, I will call you!"
i never took my nap yesterday. 
IF only God gave me the strength to Kill myself.....  
Ew Ew he's picking his scabs 
getting ready for work and playing some guitar. IM SO HUNGRY! done want to die in the heat today 
nickjonline is down 
Car wreck  my car's front bumper looks like wall-e when his one eye falls out and is hanging there by a few wires
@AdotMdot hey.... I actually liked wolverine... 
"@CarolinaMama not yet, but it looks like they are having a twitter problem? Then again, I hope they aren't fake orbitz and we got fooled "
"I know how you feel, I wish  I could do something about it  "
Writing a 1000 word essay about economic growth and sustainability and their compatibility is NOT fun to do on a sunny afternoon 
uh oh my parents said i cant go out tomorow  i hope i can
"@joelheitmar awww  ur almost done tho, right? I have a desperate need to do laundry today, actually."
"More cattle, tagged with a cotton ball on the crook of their arm, leave.  Dexter would ask, &quot;How many don't leave?&quot; - I love needles... "
@aniqa_x ha! yeah was alright! my sisters went shopping in london but i couldnt go cos i had school!!  and i already missed last week lol
Missing my baby badly  come home soon!
headache  boooo.
My iPod has died on me  ... someone help me find an apple store near here because the one at the mall is being renovated!
"Dear King James...please forgive Steve Kerr and the retarded Cavs organization....they've given you the big fat guy, he's like 43. "
"@LulzAngel Haha, I bet that's gorgeous. XD So, were in a traffic jam in NY and me and Morgan gotta pee so bad "
@majornelson Mr Major do you know if the Marketplace is down? I can't seem to access anything 
"Awesome, another market spam follower: BPFurniture "
UGH! I just tried to order an iPhone and it won't work  I guess I'll have to wait even longer :/
I'm all alone in this big house with no TV or computer... 
"i reinstall tweetdeck, but it doesnt work properly again "
"all this delivery hassle this morning and they send me the wrong motherflipping tv  c'mon newegg, you can do better than this."
@jordanknight i think JK was injured. just got bak from the cleveland show. he could barely bend his back. he didnt look happy  
"Oh Lord, today is gonna suck food-wise. "
It's so hot outside!  I want to go throw a frisbee!
@punkphink88 We never know.  Aaaaahhh!  Don't you know how much that hurts?!
@jenniferrooney   Honesty is good. That's a big step for you. I need to get a bike so we can start riding.  Lunch/dinner again soon?
not enjoying the fact that both my corporation tax and vat return are due by the end of June 
@onesoulfulnegro this is not good Josh. the day is just beginning 
@YauMannn  Yeap  I came in and shes all cant talk and bedbound and such &lt;/3
is bonding with the cousins. i miss being young  .. and i feel old hehe
@bythewei Everyday I get squashed in this train. 
AMAZINGGG fuck the critics lol I want an Autobot for my own 
Nutritionist today for gastric bypass.   lets see what happens
Got in for work late  well im not sad this time because i wasn't really feeling well and my &quot;Massa&quot;  knew that yet i am been talked to zzz
My Face is shedding!!! ahh!  Stupid stupid sunburn~
I think I'm dust.... Burnt down! Too hot.. 
I'm making a vow to never sleep past 1am ever again! I feel awful! 
"@TamekaRaymond yeah I saw that too, that made me cry so sad "
"mmmm quiet this afternoon, noone to keep me company "
@SolColorado my mind is SHOT!!! Can't remember what you are referring to sorry  Just trying to put a song on &quot;the Wall&quot; like others do.
"@simplenomad Seems every time I say don't click email links, someone/place sends something legit that asks users to click. "
@xandyyy i love you. please feel better.  &lt;3!
Yardwork by myself  Good Morning ya'll http://twitgoo.com/y3vs
longgg hot day... i am a summer scrooge 
"With my munchkin @ the vet, his sick. "
@ChelleisWicked Actually I have no money! Had to spend ridiculous amounts on sandwiches for the Yr 13 lunch today cos my form all forgot 
#Microsoft responds to #fixoutlook: http://tinyurl.com/l9ox3d *sigh* this &amp; recent IE8 marketing=classic shot in the foot=nobody wins 
My shoulders hurt  but I enjoyed my night!! Owwww!
@DanniBearrr aha true. but i've never had a chance to see them play and now..  i can't help feeling upset about it all.
@Skavoovee Alread sold out by the time I got back from class 
Why are my updates getting deleted? 
@peterfacinelli the link says the site is down fix it??? 
still at wurk  bad times!!
Buy.com has some tasty deals on NAS devices.  Wish I had money to spend.  
misses highschool days..just saw our C.A.T Video of Sponsors  i remember the old times
@hollywoodaudrey My schedule has been changed and I'm still in TYO  I'll be back in town next week and I will call you when I get back!
"I want a proper daddy, one who cares "
"i need to get on some medication, stat. my anxiety is getting OUT OF CONTROL. it's probably because of my own ba decisions "
"@livingsecrets I'm flat broke, otherwise I would have "
I miss you Shachar !! 
@PerezHilton its very sad. 
In Nottingham visiting UK Online Centres. Saw one really great one: Go Digit All in The Meadows. No website  will blog about it later
"ohmygod no! take that going away, it's making me want the 17th back so bad lmfao. depressing "
Omg screw this shit!! I cant do all thi math.i have no idea what im doing with half of it.i cant have chapters 2-5 done by tomarow!!!!!!! 
@OfficialTL I don't think so..in italy it's always raining 
@jalbertbowdenii Thats a great article - can't comment and his email bounces tho 
1 more day to go 
@heidianderson I miss that  few trees up here ad no spanish moss.
dreads  tuition tmr at 8am 
@foleypod thanks...me too  An L.A. trip needs to happen soon!!!!
Siavash is growing on me. I quite like him. Hope Freddie stays and Angel goes. Hate Charlie for ruining her eviction outfit.  #bb10
@griffintech Video's broken. 
@nevillez  dont join the army
Hercules is on. i miss my childhood 
just read other tweets and see Shaq is going to cleveland  He will be missed here in PHX
"Drinking tea, watching the news and praying for Farrah Fawcett "
Ohh and i have a really annoying toothache 
Will have to use my daughters laptop for a week 
"taking Bella to the vet today  I think she has an eye infection, that poor sweet puppy "
is so sunburnt i look like a lobster! 
"Tried to make Marilyn my background, not having so much success "
Double today!! My second job talking about taking them too the pool smh damn I dnt want toooo 
Ethiopians: We have the Ark of the Covenant. Indiana Jones:  -  http://tinyurl.com/njql49
"cannot stand being this fat, is getting depressed "
Im trying to create a facebook account but my dumb ass school won't let me!!!!!!!!!!! 
@Dylan1031 I know right?! Sexy Stewy! @OrdinaryGirl627 I miss the hair too  But she must rock for JJ ;)
is pretty sick today 
i just woke up; like nothing to do today  the pool is out of the question cause its all yukky out
 I'm not tall enough to collect the oranges from my tree. I want my fresh orange juice!
is absolutely in so much pain 
"Only 10 updates ahead of Daniella. I gotta move my butt. Daniella, why don't you ever leave Twitter-Space?!?! "
@MarcPerel now im gona have to haul out the reference sites 
"@sarahthebamf ily. when you get online, IM ME! I often don't see you online when you sign on "
@mattmagic http://bit.ly/ETnyN Lead Mine Clough?  Not been up there in a v-long time. 
Iran: ...authorities arrested 70 university professors 
@Welpje Awh  That sucks T_T -huggles welpje-
@MelodyFLee I called you to eat lunch but you didn't answer 
@mathildev 26 juin - 31 aout Boulot #vacances 
@glamaris69 working till 5p 
@scrapiana I was all set to bid but my cupboard's not deep enough 
@mimidancer I'm sorry to hear that he scampered 
@DMAKron I try to take care of myself but I always put every1 self b4 me 
@Rooniee I miss Sara too 
Was invited to see the movie The Proposal with friends tonight and had to say no.  I am one pooped girly today!   
"@ekanazhwa, @__zues because im freaking broke seriously. and, i have lots of things getting in the way "
reading &quot;Monsieur Ibrahim etz les fleurs du Coran&quot; for school... i just understand half of it  that sucks
@LaurenConrad Hey LC!! Could u like give me a copy of your book? I'm from a 3rd world county and can't afford it. Not available in here 
I'm a sicky today! What's up?!  going into work anyway... I got stuffs to do
@russmarshalek  Sorry to hear you're not having a very good morning.  Here--have a virtual mango smoothie and a bagel with schmeer.
@St3phJo you can have my miami rain! its ruined my afternoons everyday this week  lol
"FML... what will i do at work, fmylife.com is down "
dreading therapy tomorrow 
back at mine got my phone unlocked not sure if i like it though difficult to use 
I am now a fan of Bud Light Lime. Too bad it's nearly impossible to buy any in any stores around Saskatchewan. 
"@AnotherJulia Still going, gradually improving but I'm getting it too now "
r.i.p kayleigh  my heart goes out her family and gemma xx
Boring day..  
regretting that lunch is at least 1hr away...and will consist of soup and stale bread 
"going to my gf's house sooon, last day im gonna see her for a long time "
cuz we had enough......Papa Roach Had Enough....  
finished a &quot;letter of recommendation&quot; for my italian teacher.never written such high praise for anyone before.missing italian lessons now 
just said another goodbye... this is getting harder 
@Poppy5FM I didn't get that mail 
On my way to work. Major Headache 
Still not at the hospital yet 
Back from physiotherapy! It was bad  my Achilles lendon hurts 
Having a bit of a day (again!!). And starving. Not stopped all day and have a very late night of work planned. I need a hug 
leaving my apartment tomorrow..  .. Major sad face !!!   
@XIKhai Thanks. 
@Naughty_girl29 aww  Hold on. I like your avi ;)
Took off  work 2day 2 take care of my baby  I feel so bad 4 him....he'll B ight tho . Now I'm watchin SNAPPED marathon!  YAY!
so incredibly bored 
Good Morning!  Lovin' the weather today... to bad it will probably burn off this afternoon. 
"i hate saying goodbye, it hurts too much. miss you guys so much already. class of '09 and soon to be 2013 "
yay my grandads b-day 2moz  BUT HE IS ON HOLIDAY SO I CANT SAY HAPPY B-DAY 
@LeslieRoark We have a terrible virus going on around here.  Ugh!  It's summer...this isn't supposed to be happening!  
"Still have headache, but it moved from right ear to left eye. "
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/8117378.stm Stop killing the shark 
@chennysherm13 Wow. You are incredibly lucky. I envy you 
All my colleagues have deserted me 
*ugh* heat + stench= failed good time 
off for singing. sadly missing nat's leaving picnic. super sad face 
coming up for air... no wifi access at @media 
"@blairalexander this is Mo, have fun at the BET awards with my BFF! "
@hollyandthewood haaay se fuee 
Thx to those who care bout me. I just wished i never turned the air on super high. Dammit i hate colds. Now i gota make hott tea. 
@TheLastStorm Is it bad that I was wishing 4 her death in the 2nd book?  Can someone just bleed her already!  Feel sorry 4 the wolf boy 
"@211me, nooooooo itÂ´s not working "
http://twitpic.com/8dinv Going to miss @AliOswald sooooo much! 
@alextrafford I just lost the game 
"im gonna miss richard, hes only been away since yesterday and i already miss him "
@Harsayis I think they're both free from HOTU but.... No voices 
wth? i'm hungry again! no wonder my boyfriend calls me fatty bom bom  
Stupid dryer chewed off one of James' overalls straps. 
@Teanah just tried the uncharted beta code you gave me.. didnt work.. me sad 
Wants to help and need some help too 
"Well, I guess I have to go brush my teeth again (kjaslgja garlic) and then actually get dressed. Uggh I dun wanna go to the dermatologist "
wishing i was out by the lake with a cold cerveza in hand instead of this cold office 
missing him more n more .... 
"i dont even know you, but i cant pretend that i dont care about you "
@Edwardslori nah  been too busy. So many things to do and haven't taken the time. Think I'll hit up Starbucks when I step out!
@Filmbot My friends are playing softball after work. 
@nokiamessaging i cant send you a direct message as u aren't following me 
@melissaashlee Yeah it sucks like machiam paralysed  tomorrow must go k
Gonna go watch deal or no deal. don't feel very well today 
 i don't know...?
I've got all the windows open and the fan on but it's still bloody hot. It's 87F in my place at the moment 
Our flight to atlanta got canceled! Wtf? 
I had a dream that all of the HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for haters = we NEED U!
@Jstan7214 me either  too scared to learn now!
I just bought my first lottery ticket. They didnt ask for my id. 
Headache 
@UrBabygurrl  I'm a little jealous that @rockthebells is following you and not me.    Did you hear back from anyone about volunteering?
@OSOJUIICY shut up lol i went before it poppin and its a varity of people lol but im not 21 yet so u know i cant go in yet 
Full of cold and absolutley shattered-not a good combination 
"@nancykohler Luckily, not much DC scene to distract Feds. I liked watching him play. Will miss him. Damn Russians breaking up my team. "
Sitting At Home Extreamly Board 
Silk - He done us wrong 
i am sick  and my mom is making me work. i just want to be curled up in bed.
@x7laurax7 What time? I ll need to get my last train home. Working in the morning!  xx
I'm sick &amp; I'm going whale watching...I hope I don't get the whaleys sick 
@HelloBritta I wish I could! But I have to go away for two weeks during convention and can't get out if it. 
@VentnorBlog It made me realise I really ought to fix my fence... 
why is that everyone has seen HIM but me?! so close but yet so far 
on the job...from 9 to 5 
I've been unable to fall asleep lately... ugh 
@SuperSexyLady Awwww  well tell me if you need help!
I cant believe im still waiting....soso thirsty! 
"so much to do, so little time... "
@reboot95 @gregdelima Figured out why Skype stopped working. My company blocked it because it takes up too much bandwidth. 
This is gonnna be a long boring day 
"@DonnieWahlberg Yo Donnie, if only I was accross the pond  Enjoy your gig tonight &amp; rock the casbah my dahling!!!TWUGS to you guys xx"
"@visitor9627 Oh man, that's seriously fucked up. "
"has a migraine. Damn you America, w/ your stupid crappy health care system and your lack of available codeine! I need Nurofen Plus! "
"needs 7 grand to sort my life out and get back on track! any offers.... no thought not, "
@wpddigital @titi_215 forreal  damn man...FAIL!
I faild my anatomy test  ..the 2nd &quot;F&quot; I've ever gotten n life  ... I'm droppin.. I'll jus go 2 a trade skoo
I've eaten too many cookies  But they tasted de-lish  I still have 8 left. I'm sure I'll have 1 or 2 for dessert.
@darrah1. The Chamber Business Expo should be great!  I will miss it  I have another commitment.
"#Bootcamp in the rain means cold on the skytrain. Why didn't I bring a sweater today??  On a plus note, I'll be on time for work this am."
@ericamollie i slipped and it popped out again. I'm in so much pain. 
@ColinWilliamson 
"House is mega hot, windows are all open and I'm still sweating! Can't open the back door as neighbours' kitties would come in for a nosey "
"I do not feel well at all. Wish me luck, please, while I flail my way through the day. I wish I had gingerale. "
@ste_williams Not enough explosions. 
"@ckilgore thanks, I noticed as well especially the ones with lots of text and seals. Thought about click thru but not that talented "
never thought this holiday could be this boring 
this is the earliest ive been up in a while so much to do today its overwelming 
@hookedonwinter   no sadly. . . I just am cheating   proxy server!     not working perfect 
"just saw 'him' - my first love, for the first time in 3 years and boy do i miss him! "
is it just me or is not beyond rude to talk in another language when you know no one else understands? poor lady at the mangia mangia! 
It's raining here in the city. Have I ever told you guys how much I hate rain? Bah  
Ohhh i keep getting realy sore pains in my belly 
"For as busy as it is, time sure is going slow.  #fb"
A very loud race track like bugle sounded at the Rodeo Grounds this morning around 6:30. Then some preachy type stuff over a loudspeaker 
Help how does this work. Its not like facebook  
@timetraveller_x ...oh dear  what happened?!
@MetalMo i have many times 
@lindyjomac Lindy i'm trying!  no luck yet...
"I hate school!! next week's the last week of school... I'm gonna miss you all, guys... "
"@yobeeone , any word on Mish.  I cannot get on the blog    Usually checked daily and Mark responded."
need to find a beauty school student to clip my ends.  might have to take off a few inches by now 
heading to the riverwalk for our last day in san antonio..... 
"Meds are making me loopy, and I'm sweating like I just finished a decathlon.  Dunno if I'll be able to finish my day at work. "
@TheRealBasterds your unreal. give me a poster please?  haha
"@sportsbroad that's always good! I wish I could say the same haha, I'm stuck at work for 3 more hours! "
No chickfila breakfast for me today 
I feel guilty about not cooking b'fast this morning. I promised my SO pancakes. 
"@ShawnKing If I weren't skint, I'd kick in "
The bad consequences of Prop 2 are starting to come to light: http://tinyurl.com/l3sdw5  H$U$ strikes again! 
I had like 5 dreams last night..can't remember any of them.. 
Ok Sam sent a message and it did not come to my phone. Why?? I thought that twitter was fixed 
My doggy is sick...please pray for her! 
@notaboutlove que boba 
I think my cell phone is cut off 
@surpsippineilen true. Most guys can be quite out there and never realize what they lose until they lost it 
Lemeeeeees  I hate this feeling.  http://myloc.me/5BrP
scorching heat is killing meh 
"might be time to retreat from the sun, Black laptop in this heat does not bode well.  "
wants to go shopping 
I think this hayfever is actually a cold.. oh no!! 
net connection... coming and going  cant connect to fb
@snowflakeunique she'll be paying you back later  needs must though.
Lost yet another game of tennis against ben 
"Critical Reading 630, Math 580, Writing 620 "
today's gonna be a bad day.i can feel it 
Only in Kentucky and my phone is half drained. Something is definitely wrong with it 
"@TheFilmStage Whoever wins, we lose. "
Car wont start. 
@DonnieWahlberg Boo. I'm not going. Sad. 
http://short.ie/ih8t8e  Farrah needs to come to terms and just go. she's suffering. 
"@digsby thanks for the update, please don't take a massive amount of time with it, i need it for my ubuntu box "
Hey there Delilah ... Tmr la extranio 
@kara_h some of the tweeters have apparently been disappeared now. 
@bkidder but i dont have any money 
what a day to be ill... the day of the Skins Party! so  not going anymore 
@babyloiysta oo yeah i cant go out this friday  My sister is sleeping over
Put my hood up to protect me from the sun and now people are crossing the street to avoid me 
its going to be seeeehr hot today  ... ausserdem: I can't handle a german keyboard anymore   .. 
@CMTwitterhouse 
They don't make &quot;up-all-night&quot; like they used to   I feel really really tired
I had a dream that all of da HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for haters = we NEED U! HA
@kacymariemae and he doesnt get the hint?? Whyyyy  what if you said something first like that you two should try it? Or is that a bad idea
@KieshaCarrModel soo who u unfollowing me too? lol 
Work from 1 to 9 
I'm going to miss the marauding Vikings cheering as they pass 
is scared shes gonna lose a close friend 
is back in F-Town...miss my boofs already 
"Great, i m stuck in a boat in the middle of the Tagus and the engine won t run  1000m upstream of Vasco da Gama bridge. Will update on ..."
is sad to hear that Farrah Fawcett has taken a turn for the worse.  
throwing away to OLD nasty pop I just got out of the Spears School vending machine! it went bad in MAY!!! gross!! there goes that $1.50 
"However, I was so excited to get on my husbands sweet plan in January and I am getting kicked off and back onto ours 8/1 boo "
Too hot today &gt;.&lt; Assembly dragged on Â¬Â¬ Dropped my muffin on the floor 
@Alkar I'm happy to keep my 25+ year streak of never running out of gas alive. Can't say that about locking my keys in a car 
In class &quot;Y&quot; 
"@mlexiehayden Lmao *dies* That was in reply to u &quot;missing&quot; that jerk! Ahhh, u pay me no attention "
Hmmm. . . I miss chad   ell.ohh.vee.ee.
heartbreaking..4-yr-old girl fighting cancer  http://bit.ly/nh4Vy
auxillo! help! PHP Live Support Solution  buaaaaa
@david_henrie http://twitpic.com/7z0ri - I don't get it... 
I had a dream that all of the HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for haters = we NEED U!
Saw Transformers 2 last night. Not as good as the first but its decent. Not sure I suggest it overall though 
@DonnieWahlberg you are making me so jealous...talking about it makes me want to jump on a plane right now and be there..wish I could 
I'm going to the heartbreak hotel! 
"@Lesrw Oh hell no, at an outdoor pool  and try 300 kids!!!!  Thank god it's only until noon then no more school.  "
my fckin 300 dollar camera is fck'd so bad 
@LeoZombie Eww.. that sucks. 
"So sad: 7 show dogs are dead, including one of the top Akitas in USA, after being left in hot van by their handler http://tr.im/pJj5  #dog"
"I seem to be making the majority of the additons to the work music playlist, damn fine additons too, although Billy Joel got veto'd "
@oustcat Sorry. I have no charms or skills to assist you. Good luck. 
http://twitpic.com/8dj4r - I always look gay when I try dress smart 
Goodbye old office   http://yfrog.com/6hmy3j
So now twitter is a fireable website even if I am on break.  Damn the man with stupid internets policies
@littlemunchkin Lots of hugs coming your way! *hugs* 
is feelin reli ill 
ahh summer mornings..nice..sunny..hot..a little too hot..humid..sweaty..uncomfortable..i miss winter 
new Wilco b-side Unlikely Japan (recorded in 2003) makes me miss the old days. they were so much more interesting pre-06. 
"&gt;.&lt; ew feel horrible today stomach churning.  in San Antonio, TX http://loopt.us/FZONIw.t"
"Don't follow directions because when you do, all you get is burnt waffles. "
@jjakes48 I'd tell them I can fix it but they aint got no money  http://myloc.me/5BsS
@FlipLloyd Ouch.. 9pm?! I'm outtie @ 6pm 
@bowwow614 im mad we missed each other at the airport!! 
"is it June now and July in 5 days?! feel like it's September, brrrr "
@danacorbin your b-day gift for Sarah isn't going to work - Devin says that's what Jason is getting her. 
Wishing I could give my peaches her Hello Kitty waffle maker for her new adventure in Miami 
worrying about my car being fixed  wondering if my luck will ever change
@brlittle Not even. That would be kind of cool. I have wings 
"man, my neck ache from yesterday is still there "
@pocklock aww I can't say I'd miss the picnic but I definitely miss being antisocial with you and the old crew 
On my break.... Jings im so bored!! 
The sun isn't shining today 
i woke up from my nap ago.. and i thought it was friday.. what kind of cruel joke is my mind playing on me 
is almost grounded by little mistake  How to overcome by guilty consciousness??
@matswada   i have no ride or tickets lmfao .. FUCK MY LIFEEE.
so stressed out right now 
Aaaww! My head aches.. 
gettin in the shower....it's early  I wanna go back to bed!
@Jono_Ethan nope nothing constructive today.  i'm so lazy lately
Boring school week is goin' to end n about to start another one -.-  *help me outta here*
Drinking gallons of coffee &amp; doing paperwork bbbboooorrrriiinnnggg!!!!!! 
@TheIrishGuy me too. I shoulda listened. 
"@NippleCTC I must first do laundry, than study..  I can't wait till Monday is over"
@DillyeoSam Got fired 
Water drill today. 
"packpackpack. leaving my comfort zone yet again; i keep on doing this to myself  luggage is overweight, for sure #fb"
@kellykendall - i tried to do that too and the link wouldn't work for me  sad! There's a band in the dance tent I love.
"has felt dizzy all day, and for some reason is incredibly tired "
good morning. i am sad. my german friend leaves today 
Woke up to a spider looking at me on my pillow. Freaked out &amp; killed it. I feel violated. 
@beyoncegisele Hey B! I really wish I could come to your show in Florida on Monday. But I cant  Will you come to tha Bahamas soon??
"i back to post here, today is raynin, and i have college tonight "
@problematik its only available to 50 states..... 
OH MY GOD! It is so FREAKING hot outside! 
"back at work  catching up on work e-mails...  and everything else, tired as hell even though not as bad as @edwelker w/ time changes"
My back is killing me 
Woke up late today  now I only have about 3 hours before work....
off to work another double  is it time for my 3 day break in ec yet????? ughhhh
I have bad news my friends... I am no longer a FOX Employee. As of today I've become a victim of budget cuts 
"@NimueFromTheWeb oh no Nimue, sorry to hear that "
@azelmer that I didn't I woke up late!  I was ready for my blue berry muffin too.. I forgot to grab it. I was mad!!! It sounds so good.
"@LiLish okay, awesome!  yeah, new rims suck!!  Mine, was ~$200,  but that's cuz it was aluminum, hopefully yours is not aluminum!"
"&gt;.&lt; thats not ok, "
Just ordered the built-in webcam part for my mini 9. Prices have gone up since I first considered this mod...guess parts are running out. 
@SpacePirateRil Damn. I should learn to keep my big mouth shut. 
off to the opticians now! major headache and my eyes have been killing me ALL flippin day! 
harvey is sick 
sigh  gonna sleep late..too pre-occupied with the requisites and home works 
@babyminaa aww  you alright sweetie?
Sad - back from Haarlem thought @Mattdavelewis was there today too. But he was not 
@daciamelia ya  hopefully it goes by fast!
phone is still broken 
did sports day swear to god mii ankle is thumping wish i was as skinny as miley cyrus or katie prics 
Check out my new site at www.cagas.info  Have a cool day 100+ here in Sacramento today 
@Julie_JuJuBee Will do! I don't know when it'll be.. probably late. 
@Aisha looks like we're both sore throatey... 
"Meh, I hate people having a go at me and playing on my guilt complex to make me feel bad about stuff I haven't done "
@SauzaGold no. Austin Dallas and Houston. 
"@lendmeyoureyes That hotdog thing is grim, despite the best offerings of Beyond the Wizards Sleeve I still found it more than grim "
@Kaikhaos I've never seen the ocean 
"Keeping my friend and her children in my thoughts today, as they mourn the loss of their husband/father who suddenly died yesterday. "
uh! did deli really get up 6 times last night!?....... filling the pool....wishing ryan would get up and help..... and doing laundry 
home. i gotta go and have a camera shoved in an interesting place on the 14th july. 
am i wrong ? 
Dad will go back to Kuwait on 27th (Day after 2mro ) Am confused should I leave the home tomorrow ? or after dad's flight ? 
@dtagurit I was backing into a parking spot 
@daveseah i was also disappointed in the element 
I'm feeling great today except the jeep needs maintance and I have to drive the car today  not so good
Walked into a pole last night in the city. My shoulder is now very sore 
"in about less than two weeks i'm coming back to Jakarta . no mom , i REALLY don't want Jakarta , i want home "
Really upset that the Louisville concert was cancelled.  So scared the same will happen w/Nashville 
"@minerChris Damn, that sucks. Same thing happened to my Portable Playground video - YouTube disabled in some countries as well "
@itsajenism  I hope this all passes soon and doesn't stick around the entire time. Hugs.
@singingkj i'm coming back saturday  
"@veryawen: London conference, only cute man I saw had a big wedding ring   so... the search is still on LOL"
is sooo going back to work in half an hour  save meeee
"@KlownDogg I would probably do the same if i lived alone, they make great company and if i had more time "
Bout to drop some clothes @ tha dry cleaners...yayy another bill 
"Going to the dentists again in half an hour, then it's all over! Looking forward to this weekend if my hayfever doesn't ruin it "
wow... my throat is obliterated 
Wow! I didn't go home last night  Slept on the sofa at the studio!!! Thanks for the Blankie @djswivel
relaxing. then work ugh 
mourning Yukkies i dont say &quot;Good&quot; cause my Yum isnt here waking up with me 
@gobigdave It grey'd back over shortly thereafter 
Gpoing out to clean houses on my first day of summer vacation 
I'm not happy here.. 
cant believe spain lost what were they thinking 
@LushLtd Black Pearl is my favorite bomb!  So sad it got cut.    Still have some in my stash.
Got a full day slated...  The hardest part is starting. 
@xBianC4x noope!! i don't know anyone personally in twitter  do u?
good morning! goodbye thursday 
they aren't up yet 
@SomeSayDave join the club 
"AHH my throat hurts like a mofo... ughhh the  pain... the anguish... the suffering, who knows what i should do "
"hamaray log bhi shehnsha hain. mein doctor ka wait ker raha hoon, aur hazrat kisi say gupshup mein masroof hain "
"@PochaccoYoly Oh no, that is terrible.  Poor Farrah."
@Scarlettx3 oooo babe  that not good :'( &lt;3
MacBook plantÃ©. IcÃ´ne dossier ! clignotant au redÃ©marrage. I've got a bad feeling about this. 
"@GLAMOROUSVANDAL sure come within 10 days, you'll leave within a day, because its that cold here.. cold wind every day  lmaoo"
@MariaMillions I WANNA BE THE BEST TOO! 
@kendravvv I think you should just call me whenever you can. I have a lot of stuff to do including how I'm getting my phone 
@ansya should I also turn of my radio and disconnect the internet?? Supporting Andy with the power of the mind... 
@mklopez:  Which twit is that? @mylifeandart that bit.ly link was broken  Which Tiwit is that?
I am so mad i cant use my phome at home because omeone has a signal booster. 
Photo: God damn i feel like aids today  have to clean muh house soo bad too for pre- partay at the crib http://tumblr.com/xra25exp2
 They cut the sound on one of them....
"@butadream So soon?? Still so far away  Well, for me! Summer will be already over when it's happening. I would like to have a concert now."
Its soo hot ... yet soo windy 
heading to golf camp ugh not another day! 
 Having no money sucks.
Work computer got a virus. Being obnoxious. Boo 
 craig's a cokehead
Hehe going through the same thing. Looked at samples yesterday.. apparently they don't sell black anymore  re: http://ff.im/4qiWQ
"wearing my pout until monday night  cut my knee this morning, looks like a burn a.k.a looks a bit dodgy"
@gfalcone601 Poor Gi  x  I have had a cold like all week it sucks and i nearly lost my voice. Hope your eyes stop watering must be awful X
@katiebugwho Sorry dude. I had to move about 75% of that crap last night. Sorry I wasn't there to help put it back this morning. 
my booger's birthday is this weekend and im gonna miss it!  @princessmeliss
sooooo not in the mood for work today 
Went to the Standard last night and Just now getting to work... Oh dear! Hung over still. 
shopping shopping shopping im a shopaholic!! but poor things my moommy handle my money 
Metro Station &amp; Katy Perry are here! In barcelona! I can't believe it!! but I haven't got any ticket for the concert.. 
@BK_II Aw I'm sorry  Feel free to gimme a shout if you need someone to chat with.. I'll prob be around most of the day. x
Hmmm now that i'm not a student any more i'm going to have to buy my own clay. 
just got in from school + fkin hell dance wos shit !  dint do filming cos i kept fkin it up :@
"Damn idiots digging a trench by our house, managed to cut the cable for internet  No #Wimp or anything... I wan't my internets!"
"@ZakkBaker thank u, its on  monday  i hate mondays!! lol xxx"
I hate going to the dentist 
time to leave barista...almost 8 hrs now..these guys will kill me one day 
@Jlienx You are not thinking different about me are you ? 
"Transferring some Songz 2 my fone, cuz i 4got the i-pod at home&quot;UAE&quot;  .. gd i hv a walkman sort fone &lt;3"
is sick today... 
My headache is killing me today. Not helpful for the upcoming MySQL University Session 
@Negrita  I understand that promise to The GYM! Ugh! I've broken so many to him lately!  Glad u made that first step!
"My little man is sick today, "
about to go to the dentist. 
the michigan gate. im all alone. theres no one beside me.... 
Is there a reason why I always find a way to eff up the things that mean the most to me? I can honestly say that I suck. 
Getting ready for the mall then doctors later? Hopefully im fine but I think I might be really sick  ughh
b don't go please? 
"@girishmallya I'm with him on the t20 calendar issue.. Come on, it's the World Cup. it's fast becoming a &quot;business&quot; "
@CJStarchild omg that is so sad.  
Going to have to do a full wipe on my Macbook - he's getting old and slow. 
aww... farrah fawcett is aparently hours close to death     (watching the view(cuz im manly like that)) i hate death!
FML there goes my beach day!  this rain is nonstop
"@Tacoluv Yeah, I wish I was doing more "
@mrsstaratkins at work till 4:30    then goin straight home to get some sleep. Didn't get a good sleep all week!
I hate 7am conference calls 
"&quot;this song is for every broken heart...&quot; i love you Nick, you are my inspiration! you are so amazing. I wish I could be in Denver... "
@sednemave mee tooooo 
I hate this. I really just wanna go home 
at work with dad. urgg. no fun 
Ouch. Head hurts. A lot. 
Spilled coffee on the laptop yesterday... Enter key now has a mind of its own 
@mabrown76 SharePoint 3.0 SP1 &amp; my head really hurts! 
I'm very hot and stressed 
"Right then, 1gb left on my 'photo' drive - guess i'll be shopping for that 1tb hdd sooner than I thought. no photos till then!  #fb"
"thinking she failed her geo exam, and possibly math "
"Listening to Katy Perry, clutching an ASDA bag. Last 'official' day of college. Gutting! "
Interview did not go well. 
@MiaBug2 I can't see it! 
@Twinfatuation Awwwww oh no!! 
home from work. . and off to run  again.
@ynaf omg underoath is making me feel bad lol they keep talking about how they are headed to California right now to do warped tour 
Oficial TwitZap me permite postear pero no leer los Twitts... 
My old school where I went for kindergarten is closing. Todays it's last day being open 
My phone is broken 
"@K7vans ack! Now I'm gong to pick up babygirl and go to walmart, see ya in a couple hours "
Clearing out my desk! 
@selenagomez is that film great ??? awww i dont have chance to watch  it 
"there are things I want to do...but it is to dang hot to even think of doing them   even inside in the AC...haha, guess thats an excuse!"
@Hibippytea I do too...it hits home when you hear someone went to work and had a heart attack but left w/out a kiss  or a hug 
@LinarianJ on my way! Ask Ms. Rachel if she forgot about me? 
@Micheleasaurus oh oh oh I do I do!! I miss you 
@zenrhino It's usually good but sometimes it does not comply  There's a DestroyFlickr?! Replacement for the woeful Flickr Uploadr?
the weather changed  headache
mr morrison is switching schools  i'm so upset.
my booger's birthday is this weekend and im gonna miss it!  @princess_meliss
headed to the pool with amanda...enjoying my day off because i don't have another one till next thursday 
"Need to walk Blue, but i am so damn tired "
just woke up . i miss my mommy 
too hot 
Woke up early 
bummer mr plumber who locked the keys in the truck with the motor running. hanger's not doing it  
want my hair to grow loooooooong again 
"@richard_baker also the one I'm on now, the card reader isn't working, so cashless means no shopping "
 Free Movie was sold out...wtf?
Emo? I think NOT! 
"@xFreshToDeathx yes you are. i couldnt buy everything i wanted, cause i left my card at home, and i only had $80 to spend. and i got food "
@suzierobb suz i want a fitness first shirt 
@schkou You've got awhile to wait. 
@mark32i5b not really 
"still not finishedd my historrrrry, need to do it! "
"@hornerakg I am mad that you didn't get on the TdF team, you are one of my favorites "
@TracyFieldsD@LaaLaa1117 I think we need to form r support group now! There is no way we r going to b able 2 handle a year break 
"@emma_louise   hi emz, yes I am finally on twitter. lol. adding the jonas brothers is top of my list lol. sorry about your phone bbs "
@ianrckstr i miss you 
still layed in the garden watched the Hewit v del porto match! greys anatomy later  but season finale 
I have the worst headache in th eorld. I have taken meds. and it will NOT go away. 
"@onlyinhuman sounds gd honey, rite no one is helping me to get bak in anyway way tonite  so can i stay at urs agen ? sorri"
again.. i can surf the net but msn is bloody down! troubleshoot and to no avail! @m_isme are you asleep?  @abcdefglynis : mysoju.com!!
i'm getting a high temperature again. 
so annoying 
i'm so worried about money now. it's really panicking me. i will also be below target in my savings by $200 because of the days off! 
@missjeffreestar Aw jeffree!  ily!!
Hate to bottle up feelings  I feel so lousy right now. How I wish minuteman exists! 
Ugh! Just lost a big one 
Isn't feeling very well...  Hopefully 3:30 comes soon so I can go home to my bed 
MY COMPUTER IS SLOW 
"Um, i was this sick at my graduation. There is no justice in this world "
SHIT!!!! 
Just arrived at Stockholm hostel - and we have free internet in our room! Sadly no USB port so I can upload my photos though 
Almost of ICsid changed ... No more simple programmers 
Lunch is going past way too fast.  do not feel good
it's risky to go to Melb now but if I don't then I have to wait like three months till he comes here for Raya! I'll miss him long time! 
Ate curry so fast  a shame
hat hunger und is tooot mÃ¼de 
"@Omagus Yeah, I missed that too.  But mostly because it would've required some tricks to get it up here to Canada"
building 6 servers at once  sad....
My back door sounds like screams 
@HardyShowsYuk awww 
ughh my dad is making me play on the B team of fh tonight cuz they dont have enough playeres!! haha but they stink!!!!  but im not alone!!
@londonsymphony There are many advantages to living down here but access to orchestral concerts isn't one of them.  Am bit grumpy today!
@qdax awww damn!!!! i forgot about those! SHIT! oh well. next time 
@LaaLaa1117 I think we need to form r support group now! There is no way we r going to b able 2 handle a year break 
OMFG - is the weather forecast for central London tomorrow for real?! Heavy chuffin' showers?! I'm 'posed to be rocking out in Hyde Park! 
@JackMcKay duuuuuude! How? I wanna free xbox! 
@_Isabeau haha unfortunately only London 
Buildin robots was well gay 2day  got it 2moz as well  our robot is obv the best :-D
i suck at playlists 
@MagicDandelions I will say prayers for them too 
praying for @persiankiwi too  where are you?! #iranelection http://bit.ly/Uymmp
@chlojo I'm tired and nowhere near home time 
Just doing my homework. Blehh. I don't like it 
Ugh gotta pick up report cards  i know i sucked in socials and english do i need to know how bad?
is so bloated now  !
Pack pack pack then off to work work work. Grump grump grump! Want to sleep sleep sleep. 
I don't wish to be bitchy but if your 20 stone wearing an illuminous green smock thing won't help your cause 
only two days left... 
garbage day tomorrow  i think its non-recyclables...?..?... mehhh
Ugh I'm soooo hideous!! My forehead is breaking out 
Gonna need company this weekend. My honey's going to vegas 
@LAKERMAMI oh.em.geeeeee!  that's no bueno!!!
"@THE_REAL_SHAQ Can't wait for next season, Win that next championship in Cleveland! Not the same since you left LA   But Cleveland rocks."
Its soooo slowww 
"Been Up Since 4 In The Morning, Waiting For My Mommy To Go In 2 Surgery  Prayers Please!"
"Really gutted, didn't get the @aberystwytharts business unit. Not even on the shortlist. Stomach hurts. "
@benlimphoto I am in shah alam.  Far dude 
Oh my...too busy this morning and so many interesting and valuable Tweets have slipped past me. 
@Wgray07 who is ignoring u? 
wake &amp; bake at the canal. austin's leaving for georgia now 
los a follower  do you not like me lmao
yes it peeked here and now it's gone 
"I didnt use my time wisely. SOJU, MOBTV. EATING. PROCRASTINATING. "
@MelShay I hollered &amp; hollered but no answer...   whats the deal little sis?
i just realise i dont have any nice picture of myself...need a good headshot 
New To Twitter And Have No Idea How To Use It  Help
@Vectips still get the DB error 
@AlVinKoay No 
is very hungry but only has couple chunks of meat to eat for the day  http://plurk.com/p/13x7eu
@Heatherlyb I have been doing it for a while 
@bynkii Couldn't comment on your blog (obv) and your MIT email addy bounced back 
@iGimme that wasn't intended for you 
I envy him! I wanna live in other country 
Someone has put a hit out on me  Not that that's new. I look forward to the income ;) #zombieninja
birds keep flying in to the window 
brought big earings but my teachers wont let me wear them at school 
Just chipped my Star Trek mug. *sniff* A little plasma tear leaked out of my left nacelle.   http://yfrog.com/4bm3hpj
@NathalieNL My room is to small for him! 
argh! i cant even find the time to eat and take a bath decently! it takes too much time!! and i dont have time! 
"@butadream Wowzers those are some awesome names! Thanks, Min! Sucks to not be there. "
"Lovin' the SHAQ trade W=old &amp; Sasha pisses me off. Speed-read the Shopaholic book 2 watch the movie, the movie= FAIL. so disappointed "
"@LeJuiceman Well, we got ours one section over &amp; in row 4, so we aren't officially an addict.   I'm soo fraid of heights I couldn't do it."
I have been editing Tee's reel all night and didn't save somethings.. have to almost start over. 
@chasewhale I was kinda hoping the alert would involve zombies 
I need sumthin sooooo badly rite now! 
@LornaMCampbell lol! was delegate list preparing woes 
it's a lil disheartening to see everyone in the unemployment office looking so put together. damn recession hitting us all. 
"On my way to LGA, traffic nasty on the BQE. "
"http://twitpic.com/8djyh - Ahh...college. Well, actually New Look but still! I miss the fun "
"oh my, I'm off to sell my car now... "
@vidzone Seems to be streaming very slowly to me. My conn is fine as far as I know. Still no Bloc Party yet? 
"Going to pick up Senter soon, then wakeboarding! Then unpacking the trailer  boo!"
very sad to learn that one of the mini quilts for the swap I'm organizing was stolen between Australia and France .. mean-spirited thief! 
"Idc about the domain anymore, I just want my baby to not be humiliated.  One game, pls?"
@bethybond why didn't you come with us? 
ortho appt. today! getting my bands on  ouccch
"zara's on sale starting today. sadly, here in bataan, stucked. bummer.  "
"@rashmid:  4 ur pink umbrella. But hey, did u knw der r umbrellas with anti-breakage ROPES attached in d market nw? U shud totally gt 1!"
Photo: miss germany  http://tumblr.com/xf825f012
"The sucky part abt livin an hour away from school? If you're late, you're screwed! I'm late. Class starts in 15 n I'm just leaving "
Getting blood work done today  ugh!
@tequilasam hhmmm no? I don't know? all I know is that weird bots are now following me and WONT leave!  I'm scared!!
Wordpress sux. 
Practicing 4 my singing next week im so nervous! I wish i didnt have so much homework to finish tho 
@jordanknight i think JK was injured. just got bak from the cleveland show. he could barely bend his back. he didnt look happy  
identi.ca no sync to #twitter and #fb 
@nettiedgreat Awwww. Did you like the rest? Seemed that we dogpiled on your fun for a while. 
i want to go to demi lovatos concert and i can get good cheap seats but my mom wont let me go 
Apparently there was a giant party next door last night. Like RIGHT nextdoor. The cops came and took away a bunch of peeps for drinking. 
"I didnt use my time wisely. SOJU, MOBTV. EATING. PROCRASTINATING. "
"Getting starbucks, tomorrow is the last day "
and I can't get it to open 
I think they should let Redmond out of prison so he can spend time with Farrah  I love Farrah Fawcett
"just spent an hour making homemade ravioli. mmmm. heading to work, then hanging out with ry. hopefully my phone comes today "
@Lesrw my memory is me laying like superman on the road and seeing feet of a man and his dog and his voice going OOOOOOH!  that hurt!
@isacullen oh dear  I've heard it's not too bad. You just feel abit violated for a while.
I'm going to KILL him.                My candy 
I STILL NEED A JOB 
so for the rest of the summer when son goes daily to studio he wants to run also! i will be travelin next 3 days. not wokring out 
Why does it have to be so hot out? My car doesn't have AC 
"If I minify #MooTools more, v. 1.2.3.1 and try to use IFrameShim it's not defined  ... Even with nomunge, linebreak 0 and no optimizations"
next week is going to be suckish at swim. no1 will be there. 
"tired, very tired. and typing phone numbers is no fun.  "
@letoyaluckett wat were u doing out here in the bay area? Im mad i missed you  and will u back july 11 with j valentine and tank?
I couldn't sleep this morning  soooo its already been a long day!
still working 
the worst part about traveling is leaving. &amp;i'm extremely down in the dumpses right now.  but excited to see the bifflesss!
@Ali_Mae_ and i missed it. 
"@cmgarcia Nah, I ate right before I got there  I wanted to try some though, it looked good."
"@lauraeatworld Very much alive, and very much tired.  haha"
Damn havent been on twitter in hella long...gettin ready to take my lil bro to camp and then work  Exciting!!! NOT!
@ashnash | I'll probably be wishing I was in Houston... 
"I haven't gone grocery shopping in a long time, so I'm out of Yop or granola bars to snack on in the morning.  I'm starving. "
oh em geem what a bad day at work today  
I'm bored  and is going to hoover up shortly
I can't believe I have to miss Cobra Starship on that Alexa Chung show 
it's too quiet in here today 
"to much sturbucks coffee for today, stomachache "
@Jack_Cross Lucky! I get tea... 
@rialistic 
@BronxBebe4488 Its so heartbreaking! I grew up in the 70s watching Charlie's Angels. She will be missed 
@thekatvond I LOVE YOU KAT! Tattoo sign my back!! * no money to go to Cali  *
Side effect: my left shoulder hurts! feels like someone just hit it with a baseball bat 
So nit feeling well today 
@robertgibbs I think getting to the place to SIGN UP FOR THE RACE is even harder. Eh heh. Sigh. My calves really hurt 
how annoying can things get? its so frustrating 
Why am I laying in bed tweeting when I have to leave for work in fifteen minutes? I just want to sleeeeep 
So the running thing was such a lie. never happened lol. i wish i were more of a morning person 
I'm going to give it another half an hour and then I'm giving up 
So very bored. 
missing glasto more each second 
Paula banned smoking for the next 2 weeks. 
school sucks bad... its soooo difficult 
At work...again...missing Shan. Don't get to see her 'til 9 tonight 
"@sidv ... yea everyone here who saw it, says it sucks ... the bad news is that even Transformers 2 is apparently very bad "
Travelled 10 hrs from past 2 days. Now heading to meerut for another 4 hrs journey on road 
I just can't explain what I am feeling right now. One thing for sure - It doesn't feel good 
I had a dream that all of the HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for haters = we NEED U!
@onesoulfulnegro   Do you need me to take care of him? Throw a few words his way West Indian style?  You know I got you hunney.
@leia2187 someone was calling you names? 
just got up and ate some rice crispys for breakfast it is so hot today my sun burn is starting to to peal on my face  i hope it stops
"@mattplace I know I just secretly want to be  @jonah_bailey best friend, but I keep messing it up by irritating him. "
"...still ill since last sunday.  but however, it's time to prepare for next set: sat, june 27th 20.00 cet @ airfiel grossenhain (ger)"
"@almost_maybe oo nga eh! canr believe i didn't watch the first one  anyhow, im so lovin shia right now! weee &lt;3! hahaha"
isn't feeling very good 
I'm sorry but I really don't find it amusing when someone makes a &quot;hilariously funny&quot; allegory about rape. Time 2 get offline methinks. 
@XLouiseRX me nearly to lunch time yet 12:24 pm here 
@pink1275 bummer 
@ddevotchka I wasn't smothering you 
I miss you and neither of us have left yet 
idw to get out of bed. red is sleeping so peacefully with me 
@TerrenceJ106 had a dream that all the HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for haters
It's  11:25  PM ! Wohoooo.  I din't  get me 11:11 Wish   dayuum.
i need to showerrrrrr. and do something today...until i take mocha to the vet.  kben :]
I`m waiting for finishing school ... tomorrow it will end forever 
"@IM_Davy_s  Hopefully  It's still quite early here, not even noon so I have all day lol."
So not feeling well today 
"Passed the 70-643 with a 916, and is now one exam away from being a MCITP: Enterprise Administrator. I have to pay for that exam though. "
This sucksss! I have to work 12-5 on such a beautiful day 
@thisgoeshere @erin82883 my phone didn't send me your dm last night. 
wishing i was at work!!!!! 
Banana republic   http://bit.ly/5W2Iz
I'm craving Sushi and Jamba Juice!!!  I miss LA
Getting ready for work. Vacation ends at 1pm   this summer is going to fly by.
wish work was busier  dang economy ...
@coxys_opinions thanks  yeah i cant wait. i was gonna go RAH but i was menna being going on holiday so sold my tixs. but im not now 
Reading deeds and wills alllll day 
Watching Shutter and extremely bummed that Rosie cant stay tonight because of Mummy Elliott 
ima go crazy with out him...  oh' well...thats life....I think i'm finally seeing the bigger picture...and I'm in love...
Whrrrruuuuuu? 
@canthang is it true you guts are not playing in Ocean City the weekend of July 24th? 
@captainsmash I don't see them 
Just found out I have to be up at 6am PST the day after July 4th to book studio time.  #fml
I only wish she could play on a team. 
i realized i lost my rings.   my little sister made them for me 6 years ago. *cry...*
I really hope this is works. Please........i'm begging on this stuff 
"Ready for a long day!  Work til noon, @ lunch break go 2 dentist, if all good, no pain &amp; return to work. If not good I'll go home in pain "
Sitting in the sun with my laptop! Think I'll listento this weeks joypod as I missed it!!  perfect!!
"@ivorytower31  Aw...  Sad.    That's the only day next week I don't have court, and I think the run ends July 5th."
"If these rumors are true, i am teh sad "
"has nothing to do, shows how boring my life is "
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwh the Jimmy Buffett tickets are sold out 
@Mr__King How about I haven't even been paying attn to the View   Crazy
@imfreshtodef Only two spots have a ticket number available now- the single Karma packages for med and large shirts. And it won't go thru 
@BrownstonePR good to see you at the @PPRA event. sorry i can't make @Piff2009 though 
Prom is in 2 and a half hours!! I am going to miss all you beautiful Collingwood people sooooo much  xx
should get a new fuel  belt or get used to run w/water bottle. did a tough 5 mile 
"@Cocoabebe bedrest....tried to send u a dm, but ur not following me "
My knees hurt 
Wish i could go swimming....but that dream was shot down 
@shinyshiny it wasn't that loose  nor comfy looking
@rileyyy jokejokejoke. that isn't okay 
Ugh.... Drinking my coffee.why do i feel bla.oh yeah my wife is moving that why. 
suddenly can't wait for tomorrow to be over 
@dlimye So lonely.  Why aren't people using twitter! It's supposed to be kinda fun LOL.
"My hair looks horrible, i look like a man "
its a lovely day n im stuck inside an office...GREAT 
Waiting for the maid service to help me since my right leg is still in the cast and the left leg is truly no better  They better not steal
Oh no only one day left 
I miss him so much! Haven't seen my *BF* since the 16th...     Love you Sebastian!
Updated my blog with Good Bye Gary aka the auctionrebel  http://tinyurl.com/mwvp8g
currently at dancing. Waiting for class to start and really tired 
Goodmorning tweets. Sorta tired. Need my charger  prob gonna go back to sleep
#squarespace #trackle I am sad because I got called off of work  make my day?
has received a text message from kailun 2 seconds ago. imisshim  http://plurk.com/p/13x9ct
Getting ready for work. Where's wifey 
"@TheRealCoryBach haha, No the place were it is does't look to mad, it looks more like an old peoples hang out  lol haha! xx"
"@tommcfly Hi Tom, found out I failed my uni exam today.. was the day after your c'bridge gig in May haha. say hi to cheer me up..?!  x"
@sharnacious  to brokeness
im gonna miss hym...  eventhough we didn't know eachother.. lol.. o well.. moving on.
Need more friends 
noooooo! @shanedawson changed his youtube channel to beta 2.0!!! beta 2.0 is taking over the world 
"Sex drives in most men start dwindling away at 19, while for women 35 "
i have big stomach ache ouch 
I have dryballs (dry eyeballs) again today.  Where's my Systane??
@SummerBailey i been slackin on being a whore  i tink im officially retired
@deahloids grabe the FATS!!!!!!! i feel guilty now.....  HAHA!
Noone wants to eat lunch with me 
Turns out i need to buy an iphone so i can play the mass effect game 
@robthrive I went to Nordstrom to buy your Gianetta top: http://twitpic.com/2m2ow and they were already sold out! 
epic fail! bad times 
Just gave up most of my sites and it killed me to do so 
im super bored now..!! somebody tell me what to do.haha and ive only got 1 cca point so far 
I'm sick and i've lost a gOod day with my friends 
@BrysonWallace  miss u too liddo one. Sittin n the terminal nxt to a short fat uncle Dennis!!
"@FNES I still like your new blog posting, though. Makes me reflect on those who have passed away   http://bit.ly/RMpmU"
Just woke up. Lots of cleaning to do 
@chesterPdexter I DN'T SMELL LIKE CHEESECAKE 
Twitter is .... somehow borring... 
Camera was on the fritz at SPTechCon... no pictures came out 
@julieandtheants awww danggit! 
@averydoll theyre playing public enemy at the lafilmfest 
@Zyber17 tried that out now and still no luck 
"Woke up / got outta bed / had a splitting headache and... Wait, no, that's not right. "
i could really go for some dunkin donuts right now!  dang this small town i live in!
@KrisyM_8 {my dream} everyone was there..okay i'm lying .. it was only him..:$...lol why do i even try liein to myself 
the little old lady got light headed and passed out...omg...that was so sad.. 
I wish my boss would've sent me to the How Design Conference  stoopid boss.
No results here either for IranElection when searching  #iranelection &quot;
@Denyalle I never liked B&amp;B myself much. Sorry 
"I want to know the the song's name of  Veronica Mars's CM on AXN. Some people said that the song is FOW's ,but it is not correct "
is missing nikki  he always looks tired. wish i could cheer him up. if only i could.
"life just doesnt seem to get any better, "
The movie is over 
@H270 - that's the one I had.  But it won't let me type in comments.... 
"@fmsphotography i would normally be able to, but i got to work late, and now can't take a lunch.  boo."
"@aileenabigail yup,he's very popular here ^^ Star King? OMO! i loves that show and sad coz SJ wont be in the show "
takin care of my baby shes sick 
Ahh early morning math 
@PaleFire  I understand. I had to put my cat down 1 day before I flew to a conference in 07. She was my study buddy too. I understand.
@KierDarby Ah I see you're leaving  *sniffs*
@kiki0306 unfortunately me 
Lol @ work  haha wish i could be online...get on aim and talk to me!
Toothache 
I'm out of coffee 
"try to be strong, try to hold on... hope i don't get weak ... "
@MeaghanCarroll: I sorry!  I'll see it with you when you get back if that makes you feel any better! :]
"@ikbenjanine Oh where to begin! Nothing has gone right for me 2day, I think the worlds out to get me 2day haha, it hasn't been kind to me "
And sadly there is no 3g @ my spot..  Just edge.  
@KarrisFoxy lol I couldn't read this earlier and now I'm back home 
http://twitpic.com/8dkjg - ProScout wanted her but I couldn't afford to send her 
Doesn't feel good still 
Work. Work. Work.  
To the Commonwealth Club for the opening of the Mozambique Mundo exhibition (via @jonathanfryer) miss not being Com Club member 
is going to miss him  alot! &lt;3
is going to miss @stevemoakler and @jebholmes this week 
Soccer practice: weight room  Loveyou&lt;3
"I just took the &quot;what paranormal creature do you symbolize?&quot; quiz and got: alien!  oh great, I wanted fairy, everyone else has fairy "
 no body will talk 2 me.     *cries*
"Cancelaram o show da AnahÃ­  Super chateada, bj"
i am still confused because i have read convincing reasons and points from both sides  more research hmmm....
"@purplebear oh purplebear!  I hope you are feeling much, much better   *hugs!!*"
not feeling well today. stayed home from work. pity me 
"Packing to leave beautiful 1000 islands.  Staying in Syracuse tonight, then home tomorrow!"
@211me I was able to get the form to load but when I hit submit the site crashed.  How long to fix?
today sick  getting better for the weekend ;-)
staying home because im sick  but i get to watch hannah montana! woohoo im like a five year old lol
Compng home in 2 days 
@aaronmiciah four more days my sister til the big move 
"AHHH. SHIZZZ. - I HAVE A FREAKING 37 FOR MY TUMBLARITY!  Iâ€™M SAD NOW. â€¦and, i have a shorts tan. lsekoiak. http://tumblr.com/xyx25f2cn"
feels regret now. Shouldn't have promise to work  http://plurk.com/p/13xa7h
I remember freaking out on hearing a few of my frnds didn't hav television at their place. And I'm surviving without one since a week now 
http://bit.ly/2lJ4ND  Friends gather as Farrah's health declines  so sad!
@Zakootieso10 i didnt take it a second time. the first time i took it it wasnt to great 
i feel better. electric = pd. tmobile = pd. yaaaa food now? @sorryna wake up 
@TheShannonBrand i knwo the feeling poor shannon 
I had a dream that all of the HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for haters = we NEED U!
@UnlshTehTrnips awh  get lots if medicine down you! Well not too much cos you'll od lol. And souuuup!
@purplepianolove ya our weather sucks too 
@DJSmiles  @brandonology is this a new CD? i only have one. how come i never got it Smiles!!! 
@Leesa_ftw owwchhh. hate that  GUESS WHAT I FOUND ;DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Thursday's mean staff meeting  ...Wishing it was Friday
it dont work   lol xxx
"@selenagomez AH. did you see it last night?! AMAZING. I thought we lost Shia there for a minute  ..Such a good movie, though."
@laura_lacrosse. I have a cut in my finger  but i'm okay
i saw a man who looked like calvin harris. I got excited! It wasnt. 
@pattiecarlin No  but I will be in NYC Tuesday...not quite the same. Who you going with?
@terraces more than 2h I cant access http://apassant.net/ and also I am unable to deliver my mail to your official email address 
http://twitpic.com/8dklk - Check out my eye haha. Can't sleep to many scary movies 
"Someone is not receiving my call. It makes me nervous, each time...Hope everything is alright "
@WymsyWynx   *hugs*  Did you make it?
"wanna print the business plan, but the printer was exhausted "
@willtompsett Oh bu**er! Same at our house: 4yo son brings bugs home from kindergarten and the whole family succumbs 
just arrived in the hamptons and its raining...!! 
I had the strangest &amp; scariest dream last night. 
Apologies to anyone who got blindsighted by the auction ending 24 hours early. Comes with the territory of doing things yourselves 
Tried to get presale VirginFest tix this morn but they disappeared quick!  @thejuiceisgood and what's with those fees??
Just saw a Jamaica commercial.. I could never go there to vacation...  
Lab's good. No infection. Doc won't schedule surgery tho. Fuckin scratch on the graft. Says it needs to heal more 
When I'm alone the tears just start again 
Next week is gonna suck! 
Meeting this morning. I am so tired after working last night. Hope I can remember all the stuff I want to say 
BORED AZ HELL....I NEED TO FIND SOMEONE TO PISS OFF OR ELSE AM DOOMED!! 
"Has seen #windows 7 in use today, and just thought it was #vista. hehe. How rubbish an IT tech am i "
@Sunir yeah - just got to gold status.. travel might slow down a little now though... 
@Vella61 hello papi! Stockholm is very nice... too bad everything is in Swedish 
@rainyrane I hope you find you keys! 
@GGMatsheke Yeah I know of Paul Chitate you hooked us up online. But it was such a departure from the rest of the design language. 
About to go into Conceptual Drawing. No breaks today from 10:30-3:30. 
Woke up late.......alarm clock died last night.  
A birdie pooped on my accidentally clean car 
@MoonPantz I'M SO JEALOUS! I really wish I could go 
i wish to see my friends tonight. 
"Just realized, I have no money for lunch.  Going to be a long day."
@PerezHilton  . . .just saw ur 11 min. video. . .that's crazy. . .
@Stealth677 OH NO!!  He didn't make it??    Sadness.
I had a dream that all of the HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for haters = we NEED U!
"Awake.. Lost my voice  &amp; I have to work today... Eeshh, wut to doooo?!?!!!"
"Finished accompanying, hoping that parents come to pick them up soon, or else I'll not make evensong "
"looooong talk wid dad abt the current hate+like sitch of new skul...told me tht it'll bcum fyn in a month,but wat do i do till then? "
@bodhiczar I miss Chest days 
@SirPsycho84  Yes way and the buildabear has been there for 6 years.  Still you don't come and visit 
disappointed mode on. i thought their MV is out today 
@maronelgiselle lmaooo im tryinggg buttt the sunnn wont comee outt for meee!  im gunna be pale in the summmer!
So tired... Didn't fall asleep til after 6 AM 
@michellekl smart thinking. But I still have a year after October! 
"@ASOS_Nat I think so  Im gonna be touristing tomorrow, raining on my parade!"
@scracho porque nÃ£o tem show de vcs em NiterÃ³i? ahie 
@carnellm @TeeMonster Thanks guys.  Unexplained meltdown this morning with random machines.  Not what we need week before major launch 
@kellierasberry yup have had that feeling and unfortunately something bad usually does happen 
"@SDPaddy Haha. Indeed. I do not own that one, sadly "
"@AaD4m: 15m, but I like my money. "
Waking up... So early in the morning 
"@jimmybuffett I usually go every year, but this year I have to wait until you come to VA  Say hi to Great Woods for me!"
Sophie is the bombshizzznizle. What am I gunnnna go when she's in the jungle of COSTA??? Cry every night? Probably 
In Class til 1pm yay for me...  damn all I wanna do is sleep.. 8 am summer school is not the biz ...It's gonna b a long summer
@arlasalcedo I don`t know.  )
waah I wanna watch Unbroke: What You Need To Know About Money!!! But I can't seem to find it... Garr. 
i hope the plumber isn't gonna cost a ton of $. Ha! I just want my water back 
@12serendipity21 Oh lucky u...raining cats and dogs here 
Its storm'n ova here 
At DFW airport. I wonder which DGs will be on my flight. My parents are here at D terminal - going to Canada. Won't see them. 
Packing up a day bag. I'm driving to Toledo today to see Jordan. I haven't seen her in over a month. Growing up sucks. 
@peterfacinelli Not sure if my entry went through  Site keeps failing.
i want twitter on my fone 
is too hot! 
Work is not working out im tired 
"@edward_moolaw fine, i guess  i started packing. it's really sad "
damn computer acting up.....and i have so much to do before i go to the shop 
@ros1e sounds good! I'll think of you while I'm stuck at shitty work 
omg ive broken my mouse   ily half-heartedly xxxx
I feel sick. I hope I'm not infected with the A(H1N1) Virus. Oh noes! 
"@mooosh If I were shorter I would pretend to be 13 in order to go on that show. Alas, I think they would find me out. "
"@adaline_langton Not going either? I thought I'd take a year off from the mud, but now regret it (as I knew I would). "
"@A_Nash I was totally all for it and then I just crashed when I got home. I get so  tired lately, it's not even funny. i sorry. "
haven't updated in a while...and wishes Toronto wasn't so effing hot 
@ramereth I'm in there. but no one is talking to me 
"@gmanvn cÃ²n free háº£, sao ko tháº¥y chá»— cho ngÆ°á»?i dÃ¹ng Ä‘Äƒng kÃ½, anh vÃ o thÃ¬ chá»‰ tháº¥y cÃ¡i trial "
@mwtsnx emma were you in topshop in bracknell today? I swear it was you but none of my workmates believed me  please help prove them wrong
@chefjeff I'm still in disbelief about the cheesecake 
"@langley Sadly, that song was not on the set list. "
has work sooooooon 
"How the hell did I forget to lotion this morning, its like a daily thing and I forgot... I'm already itching! "
News From Benton Harbor Is Never Good News....Sad 
"Watching commercials, cheers, and logos at YBA! Almost done for the week  #fb"
Sleep time. I miss Ellen  Hope she's well and the baby is ok. EEP! I always worry when we don't see her 
taking a footbath right now.. my feet are swollen and hurt  !!
@gretelscarlett so true but now look at me .. I went early and it is1.30 and I am back again ..where are you??  sad 
My family are little shite-ers. Including Daddy. 
Way bummed that I don't get to rock my inner parrothead today with all my friends  Have a margarita for me!
@jasonbetts ha ha im well jelous!!  i want a hot tub 
Goodbye silicon valley.I shall be back soon.sleep deprivation slowly catching up 
"Bah. I cannot get iplayer to work on the tv. I was hoping to see the Mauresmo match, but am now relegated to iplayer online "
why wont it show my display photo :o  help?
"doesn't know what's going on. Just realized I hadn't heard from my pen pal, Rebecca, in a while, and just saw she's taken me off FB, too. "
"the Gamer looks awesome, but unfortunately it makes the outlook for a potential Ender's Game movie doubtful. "
"Not feeling work at all tonight especially seen as tho im there till 9:10 instead of the normal 7:10, Feel abit crappy aswell! Bad Times "
@newbs_faja I'm soweeee for being asleeep soo long!  but i'm here for the turning 14 partt 
Paypal FAIL. Order from Buy.com cancelled because my account is &quot;un-verified&quot;. Never had this problem before w/multiple buy.com orders. 
The audition comes here in exactly a week but am not allowed to go because  of where the venue is?? @ryanaudition heeellpppp 
"@MrRooni Probably won't be able to make it, sorry. "
is thinking of making an appointment for the doctors  i look ridiculous 
@Jazziefaith1 they just got in a room. she started when we got home. puked on the couch. gave her meds &amp; she yelled all night Ow tummy! 
@anddog1 1. I don't have the 2nd one 
We got a phone call this morning that I really didn't want to get. Jon's mom passed away this morning 
Oh the job hunting is not going well!!!!!  Need to find something soon to help out with this mandatory Furlough!   Thanks Govenor!!!  
The revolt is over. The government won and now starts the real oppression and killings 
"steves in the hospital for a few days, this sucks  going to see him after work today."
"@ccatiedid i'm sorry, catie  stay strong! miss you!"
My croissant just got burnt to a crisp   darn phone calls.
SCHOOL IS OVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im sad though. I'm having friend issue. 
Parents evening soon  not good
"@jo_jo_ba I adore pudding.  I don't think adults eat enough good quality, homemade pudding. Most folks eat sad little pudding cups. "
Training stuff over. What I don't like about these events is meeting really nice people who work here that I then never see again 
"@MikeDowswell I love recommendations for sci-fi TV series! but I can't get Blakes 7 on netflix  &amp; only used/non-USA DVD on amazon, boo..."
"Compton came last, if we had got a relay team we woulda come at least 3rd dammit. And aww i just wanted to give him a big hug  bless him"
@Tracey11208 I just realized the date. I can't go ill b away 
remember that badass lady who treated herself for breast cancer at the South Pole? she passed away  http://tinyurl.com/lfttsc
@aileenabigail i hope its true about they coming here ;) sooo wanna go.last time when they here for MTV i have an exam 
Wow stressing. Did not get my loan for cali. Got to figure something quick. Tonight i start my vacation. 
@tinuolavictoria you're fucking lucky! here no magazines talks about them 
wants my bunny bear 
@mytwinsnme the same... 
basement kittee posted about herself on my blog yesterday  I posted today about mah new toy! http://themeatloafy.wordpress.com/
@hansongirl working on a plan.  Cross your fingers 
freakin tired!!! 
"Pub buddy had to go early so back in the house, gonna have to nip out and get some cans or something now "
grey clouds evrywhere now  mii n laura r soo bored right now we want 2 go sumwhere but theres nowhere to go!!!!!
"@AreaMalta Here's a video of a NIN live performance captured with a 5DII: http://tr.im/pJp2 Impressive stuff, but on the expensive side "
@ealbino Does everyone you are going with have VIP? Mine don't.  
Can't honestly remember where I was or what I was doing. So much for having a productive day  I had a productive 4 hours this morning tho'
@jaymeevicious tear! but you have to comeee!! 
I've run out of steam to do anything now 
Nothing is going the way it planned.....my sisters wedding is going to be incredibly hard 
@paperheat i want frozen yoghurt too 
"@PhotoBugF4 @centrechick No, I did want to stay.  Cute drummer hitting on me? Yeah, I'm in. But had to be at gov't meeting at 8 this morn "
@saraht578 CSSEdit is simply amazing. It's the best CSS editor I've used. However just be aware that it hasn't been updated since 2007. 
"not really got any work to do, still feel guilty for not doing it  Roll-on July, then I've got proper work to feel guilty for not doing"
"You guys are killing me by talking  about the Sun just coming  out! Where is it, I can't see it from this side in Norwell MA.  gosh  "
Is Uber Excited It's Thursday!!! WOOT WOOT!!! Finally The Weekend Is Close!!!! YAY!!! I'm Not Looking Forward To Work Thursdays Are Slow! 
Wondering if this weekend is when we put down Angie's kitty.  
My breakfast was soooooo sad...  I'm still hungry!
@zo_GFT gosh I hope it does  lol. Hows it looking on your side? x
@tommcfly Tooom  Reply me! Say 'Happy B-Day Ana'. Sunday is my Birthday! (
@AshleyRusso I missed it last night  How was it? Any of them I should youtube!?
@rebeccaramsdale ISN'T IT AMAZING? Chuck Bass is barely in it though 
@ONAIRNOISE NV energy SUCKS!  Our power was out for 8 HOURS last night   It was hot and the stuff in my freezer melted...
Really not feeling this bad/negative vibe with the PA class 
Bad mascara = my tears gone black ... 
@renegadegrrl Watching ASkars in True Blood makes me bitter.  I miss Brad Colbert.
@ambercantrell  i hope he'll be ok baby!xxxxx
@Tom_AIAC You had the bloody Ghostbusters Firehouse?!? I had a backpack made out of a cardboard box and an old bit of hoover. 
"Just remember-at the very last hour-that today is our anniversary! I'm sorry, froggy.... "
I'm currently living in a game of charades bc no one can understand me   recovery process sucks
Everytime I breath I pop my waste belt 
Today I am the textbook definition of unmotivated. 
i'm so hopeless. my only priority now is the BlackBerry Bold! 
"oh no! Libs, stop watching Faux News just to make fun of it. Ratings make them think they're awesome   http://bit.ly/16XCBI"
OMG Drama Challenge TOMORROW!! Grrr so not looking forward to it 
"today is a lazy day, i'm not doin anything. i thought i was going to the beach but appearently not. "
"@DonnieWahlberg unfortunately 'Find A Way' doesnt just apply 2getting my @NKOTB fix, also applies2 putting the fix off 2get the rest done "
Thunderstorm looks like it will ruin my gallivanting plans during last day of school for kids 
"Farrah Fawcett  has had her last rites read...this is so sad  I don't know what to say, she is such a beautiful person "
fretting...  what I do best! 
new 2 dis 
@jonnyli Waaaaaa! I used to be a flight attendent ... miss it sometimes ...  would you like Tea? Coffee? ...
Hate it when Ed leaves Cowboy Bebop  she sooo cool!
sick  need lots of soup and hot tea!
@britdanielle7 wow first time Kenny isn't sold out. Its the economy lol. I doubt I'll be able to go.. Cuz of money. 
Killed a kitten last night. Just ran right over the poor thing. Died in nettes hands... What happened to the 9 lives thing 
@ImLmao   u diet blacks is getting out of hand.. Who Do i think i am.. I am Young male From  Westbury Outgoing looking for fun ;-)
@UNIQUEVAMPIRE12  wah wah.... keep it up ... m bored ... 
Everyone seems kind of grumpy today   I hope that a good lunch and a nice nap will help!
Sigh. Just heard back from the comp via email. Didn't get the job. 
@x_tinaaaa - You stay at the doctor.  Gee. what is you doin. Sure CAN'T call a bih.
My 15yr old Siamese has a big tumor on her hip. They found more tumors on her abdomen. She is going down hill fast. 
"im so sore from yesterday, holy shit. i did something to my foot, i have to like limp almost "
"Has a busy day today, being on the phone all night never pays off "
"internet ist gestÃ¶rt, alice@mainz ist offline "
It's just one of those days... 
hey bugs. you jerk. my red cheek 
Airport on the way to Florida! Lonely by myself 
@KimberleyCanada I've set the bar too high though with my last tweet-I'll never reach those comedy heights again 
So I was looking for @garlington79 at the club last night but she never showed up 
I hope the line in production isn't long 
Having a very bad day... and it's only 11:35am 
@Temarrio717 shut up don't tell anymore!! I still haven't seen it. 
@caseyhopkins mm no fun at all.  get yoself an umbrella!
"@MyClothngCalndr Actually, I guess I can't DM you, since you're not following me. "
 I'm not used to instantly not getting it. Twitter is hard 
several emails and tel calls later and the in box looks less full....aah but then we have paperwork 
I prefer last season of Ugly Betty 
@wallewhoa i dont have my favorite red hoodie at hand right now 
Crap these topics suck 
Just slipped and fell in the bathroom.     
I'm ill. It sucks! 
I want to work on the project but my mind don't  so sleepy T_T boyfriend is M.I.A too T_T
@cavsfanatic Just read that post   So sad.
@tweetie my at replies have been messed up for weeks 
"i assume this is what it's like when your baby dies, or something. toys everywhere, but the house is quiet. i hope p-nut's having fun "
Waiting in the drive thru line @ starbucks tossing my 30min morning core workout out the window 
"Okay, now this just sucks. A lot. "
Morning everyone... I wasn't too tired when I woke up this morning so I thought it would be a good day.. turns out... not so far.. 
@XCOLINX the rapidshare account has expired  
@peterfacinelli been trying to enter for over an hour... says the site is offline!!! The internet must really not like your contest 
"@johnkolbert my favicon is showing on the admin login, but not on the actual sites even after restarting "
@LogicalThoughts wat about me ? r u guys eating ? im starving :S ... 
I have to re upload the video. 
Coding...for a change... 
"Maybe it's not time yet.  i dunno when... Maybe, not anymore.. The eff."
@tcabeen SADNESS? oh no  what's wrong?
@tatianneesq tell my why southwest lost @Izinger luggage... That sucks 
"I've got to be honest, i hate Wimbledon. With a passion. now its clogging all my twitter update  time for a twitter withdrawal i think."
Work sucks. I'm sad del po lost. 
"Hateedddd awards afternoon, and want the sun back "
"I miss the people from the old days...Gametap, Helio, Htc...I don't have any nerd friends anymore "
@xpaulina93x You on FF... Cuz no one noticed that I'm there 
@stacci15  I'm sorry!!!   Just know today is your day and don't let anyone keep you from claiming it as your own!
@MomSpark Love those houses.  Still can't afford it   Can you get them to send me one for free to review?  LOL #jonandkate
@ilovegayboys RMB I TOLD YOU I FOUGHT WITH MY PARENTS??? yeah they're cutting my allowance cause they think i spend way too much 
No MB Pro 13' in store.    Have to wait until next week.   
"w00t! ticket zero achieved. Shame about Inbox 1200, mind "
@Weenith how come you locked down your profile?  Everything ok?
I have a headache this morning 
@oneofthosefaces Yes! The clap must be done! I miss the scissor sisters 
Is anyone else as sad as I am about Farrah being in her last moments? 
Feelin' used and abused... 
@margaretcho This would have been epic if he had used the states jet to go there. 
boredom is starting to kill me.AGAIN! 
http://twitpic.com/8dlav - Me and the birthday girl today @Followmandyw but that was on are way to are exam 
"Just got in from school, and once again the weather is too much  its too hot!"
@stephunnyjane got any good job openings? my friends husband is about to get laid off and he has a family 
I can't go see @ddlovato tomorrow unless I can pull a freaking miracle. And that miracle would be finding money and a ride from RI. 
he didn't come to germany 
I need a bigger ipod..  I only have 7.6MB left on it. I had to delete 90MB worth to make room for Baby Darling Doll Face Honey.
I really need more sleep at night...  I am falling asleep at my desk   BOO HOO
"@fattybacon MTB crash 2 weeks ago, sprained a muscle in my lower back.  It's not getting any better so no more cycling for a while "
"miss old frnds,teachers,skul  dont wanna give up on old stuff yet they fade..is this lyf?out wid d old,in wid d new?wat if i dunt lyk tht?"
@bornking15 *head down in shame* PLEASE PLEASE excuse last nite 
Volunteering at the art center today. I just found out that the internet is down here  tragic!
starting a work day of 14 hours. 
"An interesting read in the W. Post about the senate testimony of a senior exec from Cigna: http://is.gd/1daQ3 Nothing shocking, but "
yeah....yeah  
@giveherthegun 
Got up his morning and felt like falling over  haha! I had a weeeird dream about a snake on me. That was awful I HATE Snakes. P.L.G.
@shaunyfresko u might wanna hold off on that car wash...  ...i hate this weather!
@egsa Only on mobile? 
Great. Morris was so excited to see me he rolled in shit and killed a bird in the backyard.   http://twitpic.com/8dlbq
wants to have a nice long Skype call with Louis  .. http://plurk.com/p/13xddl
@ work not feeling well @ all! anyone wants to come take care of me?? 
Gonna actually go work on my AP Bio stuff... 
Time for some excercise (or close enough). Where is my good DDR pad? Someone moved it 
@Malcmail Afraid the lady is dragging me to a pub quiz tonight. It just won't be thursday without my KZ sesh. 
Why is lauren leaving the hills? 
@FatimaAlgaoud chenna u ruined GA for the twit world! Includng meee! Why does sumone have to die at the end of every season 
"Sitting @ work, bored to tears lol  need a life~don't we all"
Top down. Sudden downpour. You do the math 
"Doing my homework. Actually, rushing my homework. School on monday. Saddest thing ever. 11:37PM, still rushing. "
Today was very exciting! Erm.. My chipped Xperia still downs my mood though. 
I feel like a Republican. I stay loosin. 
has a not-enough-to-eat induced headache.. 
wtf. rendering takes too long. my back hurts  I'm going to Homebase and Halfords later!! WOO
@NathanGilmer  That actually made me feel sad when I read it.
dont you hate when u like your rental car wayyyyy more then your ACTUAL car 
@PETAEurope it's horrible  you're welcome anyway xx
@lovewhitmarie im hereee! seems like ima be here for a min too 
@ItsOnAlexa Ewww. 
@cdrux Oh man that sucks 
oh my god!! that was chevasia again. i'm about to change the password to our twitter ! that's what i get for sharing a twitter with 5 ppl 
"I don't ask a lot, if anything, of God...but why o why did you invent grass pollen?!? Hayfever is rubbish "
@thresholdrpg That just made me die a little inside 
@brittany Jsmith 
"@kristanichole i like when i don't have to wake up ass early to run in order to escape the heat! but, i have a serious lack of a tan... "
f'n power failure...probably no movie for me... 
"NK ship must refuel somewhere, Singapore? Heading for somewhere, Burma? = Singapore on the horns of a delemma "
@VIPPartyPlanner YeS!!! And my admin is on leave 
Is banging his head against the wall with his dreamweaver template - can't get it to hide my optional editable region 
Somethings wrong with my throat 
Off to doctor- what a day 
@funimation the video keeps erroring out for me after the commercial plays. 
i miss christina so much already 
"@mishacollins i don't blame you. had to come home from school early today, cuz i feel ill  . i'm goin 2 sleep now as well. hope ur ok xx"
Gym time!!!!! I hear thunder??? 
@madeofstone I love the Town Center but going to the Huntington Mall today since its on my way. Shucks the falafel 
im hungry! and my dress is giving me a wedgie 
"@SalClemente I read an article bout cattle &amp; the milking process,after that I just see disgusting images in my mind,so no ice cream 4 now "
Um. I absolutely NEED to go shopping tonight. Necessary. Would anyone like to take me? Since I don't have any way out to Pomona 
Isn't night time cold medicine supposed to help you sleep? The one I took had me keep waking up all hours of the night.  tired &amp; still ...
@banjbillions everyday is a long day!  nyt banj!
"bia lÆ°á»£ng mÃ¬nh ngÃ y cÃ ng jáº£m sÃºt, uá»‘ng chÆ°a Ä‘c 1 lon mÃ  Ä‘Ã£ ngáº¥t ngÃ¢y rá»“i  cháº¯c pháº£i luyá»‡n má»›i Ä‘c"
"Okay, I admit it: I miss how easy texting was on my blackberry. Not the keyboard, but how organized it was. "
ahhh i so hope my teacher calls tmr and tell me next week is an extended holiday!! though the hopes are dim 
At the doctors ... My heart has been hurting so much lately 
tell me honestly...am i a freak? cuz everyone calls me it and i dnt like it 
Italian for today: FARFALLA ~ meaning &quot;Butterfly&quot; Here's Luca Carboni's Farfallina. Sorry can't find the video  http://tinyurl.com/njul36
Just spent about an hour eating an apple. Hate feeling ill 
"@divestoclimb It lets me through, but then gives a &quot;Sorry, no exact matches were found, but other tickets may still be available.&quot; error "
Having no such luck finding a new wallet. 
is missing her boyfriend so very much todaaaayy!!  http://plurk.com/p/13xe47
"uhhh stereo skylines coming to chicago tonight, im not going, and im extremely sad about it. "
@laalicee24 thats what my dad said 
"Doin' the damn thing... That is, working again "
@TuesdayBlues i miss ur adorable-ness and ur voice  paramoreeeeee
"I'm so broke it's not even funny, thank goodness tomorrow is pay day. I'm having a terrible headache "
Holy crap. End of the month paperwork is such a hassle 
is praying for Farrah Fawcett. Such a beautiful lady dealing with such an ugly disease. 
@fullbright man that stuff saddens me 
done! back hurts 
my creative juice pipes are all dry and cobwebby. 
I want to revamp my blog 
"@KalenaMiller  Its so sad, Augusto Boal was truly a wonderful visionary. An inspiration, I only wish that I could have met him..."
has to catch up on Hotel Babylon and other stuff but cant find the time 
@i_m_doc damn and i left my laptop at home today....i have to wait till i get home to purchase it. 
At Watsessing Park out for a run. My Nike+ sensor isn't working!   http://bit.ly/2tGiB
@its_sb I partying! Yeay. But in Hitchin  Boooo. But free hard food and sweete sweet reggae music!
@pvponline did you ever get the D&amp;D character creator working on your mac? my older version of parallels doesn't seem to like it 
"So, we figured out Em has parasites and she started meds last night. She told the ER doc at the beginning but he didn't test.  jerk."
@judis217 haha exactly!! I bet his kids are looking at him strangely these days  awful example to set for kids
"@justinbieber your so good at singing. i really wish i could come, but i dont have a ride  maybe next time.."
@ThomasHensel Mute point prov. initiatives don't fly in feds jur. frustrating 
why is it every time i get on a plane i get kicked out!  so not funny 
@krystalatwork i had the same thing happen to me!  made me want to message them and ask what i did. &lt;--SILLY. oooh facebook....
dang! too slow with the nanette lepore rue la la boutique...my shirt is sold out already 
@tequilasam i wanna tour too..but it's impossible for me 
@drewseeley say hi to me at least? 
Takin the kiddo to the doctor. Never good when there is fluid and blood draining out of his ear 
@peacelovepink09 OMG LUCKYYYY!!! i haven't even got mine yet 
Can't fucking sleeeeeep  slept @ 3am woke up @ 5 am &amp; now still wide awake 0_0 hopefully road trip this Saturday! Hella can't wait.... ((:
I HATE being awake early. My day feels so boring when i'm not hyper 
@Freelee hahaha that sounds amazing too bad i dont have internet at work 
"well not happy my radio signal has gone, all thats coming through is KCC! I dont want that I want to here about the burn lady "
Please bow your head for a moment of silence.  We lost one of our chipmunk friends in the pool today.  Sadness @ the Flynn House.  
failed on the nap front 
@OnyXx_B I have those ponys ...I can't find a shirt to wear with those though 
"@ilovegayboys now my allowance is still $250, except that now i have to pay for my own phone bill+transport "
I wish i can get the Damier Canvas Keepall 45....but i don't think its a smart decision at this moment  but when do i make smart decisions
Riding the Dallas Skytram. So far from Montreal  so many good times! http://twitpic.com/8dlit
@Yummyone lol. i don't. now my mac is off 
"@SaikoSakura well crap. can't make tomorrow, driving to Catskills for cousin's wedding weekend "
@Alexmetric . . .  If only I Lived in Zurich  
is soon off to the gym.. alrighty .. but too tired 
Today is kicking my ass already. Strep= just wanna curl up in my cave. Stupid work responsibilities. 
@ardenkhan i wanted shaya to make it 
..if they try and bribe me with strawberry cornettos tho.. they might win  damn my sweet tooth!
At the doctors. Gahhh it's so early  fuking little shit won't get the fuck away from me
I wanna be at Glastonbury 
just found out my brother has been in the hospital since Tuesday night and nobody bothered to tell the rest of the family...gggrrrr 
@CreepyCrissy haha thanks. i hope so too. im stuck at the office babysitting all day alone while everyones out on vacation 
"more dental work this morning, in some pain   have fun in niagara fall Caro...sounds like a nice day!"
Where are my tickets.. 
There should be a book for WPF Designers!! I know someone is currently working on it but it should have been out years ago 
"Day trading, Renewal Calls, Battle for Middle Earth II... neck pain "
"Awesome prices, but they hardly have anything in my size   &lt;/ AaaJaayRADD \&gt;"
Not looking forward to my 11-4 shift this Saturday  Paris Paris Paris Paris Paris!
feeeeeling really sick 
I want ike to come home. 
"@acowboyswife I remember playing I was her when I was a little girl, and &quot;being &quot; a charleys angel "
trying too think of something more efficient than a whistle for others to locate me when i get lost at oxegen   i wonder...
Had to change my plans for my visit to the old USA! No NYC 
Ohh a new vista side bar twitter add on. Why didnt anyone tell me about this? 
Wondering how much more this world can take? News is sad 
can't stop the serenity...sold out 
@rhiannaAT i know skl is crap 
**Was** Taking a nap before the electric guys stopped by 
i am so sorry idk why but i have great desire to keep it 
Just saw the saddest roadkill  Poor cat...
"I think of you and cant help but fondle my meat ;) Good day, cant see kit till monday though  Kooks tomorroooooooow "
"- aw, just missed Kim Possible...  "
@MimiHotLips  Im in a room with no service atm  Today tho it was 20 deg less than yesterday at the same time!! Weird weather!
Yeah i really hope i dont gotta go back to work 
http://twitpic.com/8dloi - Look what just happened. I'm ok but my baby is not! 
Too hot to be going work 
I failed the test. 
@captainsmash Yeah  Oh well. Maybe they'll be put up someday.
apparently Ive lost quite a few followers 
Why do u need a Board to control stock exchange movement? Y o God Y???   And y do i have to read abt it? Y o God y???    
its boilin today. Wot is with the weather these days. 
@joesgirl74 @sjcNKOTB saved at least on my pc whoo hoo result ! hasnt got dannys albums though 
I feel so bad when people I really like get so upset 
@infobunny Someone nicked my iPhone 3GS. Only had it less than 2 days.    
"throat sores,...  needs medicated medicinal medicine,.... "
"@everamazed: Something wrong with d TV  And the TV guy's excuse for not being able to make it is the rain, when they've hardly even begun!"
@itsninenow but you're totally following TEAMTIBET :O sigh I want Starbucks tooooo 
@akmedia Sorry if I missed it - and sorry for the bug.  Would have had it fixed same-day if I didn't have to wait on Apple 
Lost a great tech and a better friend today. Gonna miss you buddy. In a better place.  #fb
Back home now. Did not find anything good. 
OUchy Ouch. I think i've burnt my neck 
@No1butMe2 I loathe rude awakenings  have a great day!
20 more days left to the internship will surely miss some of the friends here 
@justinbieber one time is only avaible on Itunes? I can't buy it here in Brazil  it isn't possible in this country
craving some bulgogi. too bad none to be found near me.  down side of living in small town.
im off to lbaq training day 2. 
Just about to watch some Series 1 Primeval episodes on DVD to remember what it was like at the start. I wish Cutter had't died 
"@chriswhite65 I know  Useful if mugged though, surely ;) Product description: 95% metal, 4% cotton, 1% silk!"
@hash_yahoo... sorry late reply no photos from show 
@TheRealStoogle  If you find the video on youtube could you send me the link?
@learnITonline Oh no just 2 hours. 
"Very interesting article about the new light bulbs and Lupus.   http://bit.ly/XecZS  In other note, still feeling crabby.  "
"@YnaMusico Hahaha, how's it going? Taiji was canceled yesterday hays "
"Fuckk, looks like i gotta' take the reasoning tests.. AGAIN. B00 "
wants season 2 of Army Wives 
pounding headache.. 
"I'd rather stay awake, and stop dreamin...   "
No more spicy food for me 
Sad news. Farrah Fawcett is not expected to make it through the day 
I hate traveling by train! Have to stand all the way to utrecht 
"@jasminechanel GIIIRL! oh u gotta go to the store wit me so i can buy some weave, im HORRIBLE at umm pickin hair out "
Made a fool out of myself infront of a certain someone... Damn Didn't see much of joe today though 
"@auntcorna It was what our pediatrician recommended, mailing them to a family member. We're the ones trying to ditch them, she LOVES them "
"@CV31 a PF huh? Don't get any ideas..... Ur not goin to Cavs!  Btw get outta my dreams, had another one last night, that's 1 a wk now lol!"
Couldn't sleep last night... 
@RealDMitchell Don't you get bored of lemons asking you the same old questions? Didn't look like you enjoyed that TM interview much 
"@mitchelmusso, @julialush, I cant go on July 12. "
@Patti0713 That SUCKS.   Too much rain is like not enough grrrr
"Im back home now, aaaall alone  hehe.. But omg! Mom didnt get me the hairthing that I wanted! Im SOO pissed right now! ..&quot; Daaddy? &quot; "
@DDubsMyGuy Nope...I just looked outside and its not looking good for your lunchtime walk! 
bummed that i dont get to see my brother graduate tonight 
@Aimee911 ur gonna be darker then me  misssssssss u!!!!!!
heritage cornwall meeting tonight &amp; today's the last day i see my brother before he heads off to edmonton.. 
#Air France confirms Captain &amp; one cabin crew of #AF447 have been identified. Hope they may have a swift journey home to their families 
is back up online... but still no new iPhone  I am an MacAddict
@daniellecrunden Thanks. I really need to be better by Prom! 
adam burned our cinnamon rolls 
@LaLocaMario Awwwwwh.   I wish I could give you a jump.
"Lower back pain is persistent... I really hurt  I don't know what to do, but I might turn to acupuncture!"
@ritzcrackers123  its gonna be so boring
six days!!!!  wish i could spend 'em at the cottage though 
@wandering_fairy I really hated doing it Lisa  You know I'm not one to give up ANY of my sites. I just couldn't handle it anymore 
@DanieSass NO  when is it?
@danipoynterjudd what!? dougie has replied to. omg i wish they did to me 
is sad he only got 51%  bagsak much? http://plurk.com/p/13xf92
"@bryhiga I wish I could, but I have to go home for my brother's wedding shower--I haven't been home since christmas "
@VanessaMarie1 hey boo..I couldn't sleep last night..me and philly are sick.. I was late to work today. 
Found a new PC...its guna cost me Â£600 though!! 
@JodiAlbert Erggh it's so bad this year! Usually tablets work but not this time  Might try those two things so thaaanks lots! xxx
@justinbieber did you put the video on myspace or youtube? I wanna see it so badd 
"@SallyHBewsey Oops, @littlemisscupcake's Twitter page is gone "
There is absolutely nothing in my house to eat. Someone bring somethinggg 
Missing my Chuck fix again. 9 months is far too long a wait. 
@peteramckay Larry David refuses to tweet. 
"Right now, a sales AE wants me to be his technical support chick.  I have other work to do. Why do I have explain what a flash plugin is?"
alfie has to go tomorrow  that woman asked me way to many questions
Today I got given loads more hours at work! Hooray money!! But then got totured at the dentist 
"We have launched a beta version of our website, no real products as yet though  Http://crystaldermy.com"
where in #rva can I watch the upcoming Tour de France (July 4th to Sunday July 26th)_gave up cable last fall. 
Alright lunch break time. I really need to cash a check so I hope actually make it to some food before I go back 
"Why have none of my lovers worn a quarter-cup bra to bed? Oh yeah, because none of them were that classy  http://bit.ly/nAjkl"
I wish i was at the beach im stuck in the doctors 
its almost the weekend!!!!!! do you knwo what that means???? CAPCOM VS MARVEL 2 COMES OUT IN 4 DAYS! weeeeeeee....im a nerd 
"i am sat in me kitchen not doin much. lovin twitter! sad Katie and Peter broke up, they was da best couple  boo hoo!!!"
aww  thats not very nice for someone to say.
Has anybody been followed by anybody interesting recently? Only spammers for me 
"Brownie Batter Blizzard strikes back. My back/neck are really sore as well, and today hasn't started out well "
"awwww, bummed that @hornerakg won't b riding the tour "
"@roguedarkly How come most o' the time, men are the problem?  What's happened...? "
"@NHwang I do have MobileMe, but apparently you have to set up the Find My iPhone feature before you can use it. I didn't know that! "
@peterfacinelli the site to enter is down 
its very sad 
@ichosetolive i was so sad when i saw this article. a story about bulimia &amp; the person blows off the notion of therapy/nutrition therapy? 
   times by like a million
"My legs ache, my back ache, my hands ache; everything aches.  Listening to 'Coffee &amp; Cigarettes' by Michelle Featherstones (on repeat) "
"@barbied23 lifeguards, ice cream man, front desk...anyone who wants it!!! lmao...ughhhhh!! but for real this is not funny. "
@imjustcreative I seem to face similar dilemmas every day. Feels awful 
my friggin liver hurts... and it's not supposed to...  man down... *cries* I was looking forward to so much in my lifetime.don't care now
"I've seriously been pondering getting a 32 gb iPhone 3gs, but my contract with Verizon is not up till 9/2010. "
Wow I love how it just turned black outside out of nowhere. And the sad thing is imm on the bus  imma get soaked!!
about to do some homework 
@DannyBoice i got a big fat F for usking wikiepedai on a book reprot once  But the teahcer got fired for kissing a stuedent N E WAY
@KimmieDavid OMg not again. You poor thing. 
Joshua wonders if someone moved Maine to the northwest.... why so much RAIN!!!  lol. http://ff.im/-4qoh6
"@JimmyGordon hugs, no real friends.  And I was in track and always came in last "
Electric is out. 
aww hes not on twits anymore  im superr lonely (( @gonssas
@KhloeKardashian working  its nearly 5pm here in London so time to go home soon!!!! yeah! another day anothe dollar! will be mia oct 2nd1
@chrisheuer Yay! Looking forward to it. You were in Dallas a few months ago when I was out of town and I missed meeting you 
@lizroz why miserable evening sis 
"@sammylynnk They are pretty crazy how they blend in like that  U are lucky to be going to the aquarium, there isn't any around here "
is so sore from the pool yesterday! heading to putt-putt today and then to tmac for the night....Im exhausted already!! 
TwitterFon isn't working properly this morning.  was going to download tweetie but all reviews say it has been buggy this past week.
"@rileyyy awww  i kinda just like, saw it and im like  nooooooo. its sad, he was SO nice"
@MonaLiisa09 how my wifey on n not shout me ah holla smh 
i hate being sick. and i'm running out of tissues 
That beautifull day in MIA I tweet earlier turned out to be another rainny day!  enought with the rain already I need a tan soooo bad!
I'm getting ready to go to work 
but they say it takes two days to dry up the first coat..........phew!!.......can't wait dat longgg  
@svgrob don't see you in the feed  #dcth
http://twitpic.com/8dlzj - Aaarrrrgghhhh!! Can't be there that night... 
@writemelove I miss you. Where are you? 
Can't believe there's still half an hour left at work 
Home from Doc Joy joy I get to wear a heart monitor for 24 hours 
"@warrenellis I don't seem to be able to make people unfollow me, I block them but they still follow me "
On my way home from camp so I can go to prom/graduation...gunna miss it  best two nights everrrr
Went to go watch Transformers last night with @aokiqiao and @shoe_fan. Now I'm off to work for like an hour  Blahhh
so far from away from California 
my Basketball is done  
"@morganwolf  well, maybe next year sometime and let me know if you need help with the MLP party"
"@olea @kh_i thanks, I guess I'll just wait then. "
I will try and donate some blood my hemo is for ever low 
@frannykirbs Was goofing off while enjoying morning coffee. Now about to leave for work. 
Check out Fritz' Pure &amp; Shameless tonight at Blue Martini!  Too bad I'm in Miami   Have fun everyone!
Might temporarily 'un-follow' @huwstephens because of glasto jealousy...at the recommendation of @christt mind...no offece huw I'm green 
"@peterfacinelli wow, website offline because of technical difficulties already?? bummer "
is thinking of you! ..hope your op. is going 0K right this minute  i'll see you sooon! lyy xx
"No flying at lunch time by the looks of it, sever thunderstorm warnings, its quite blustery out there now "
@ReginaMedina IT NEVER STOPS RAINING!!!!!   PS: Please post pictures of lizards.
BKethan: My car wont start again I jumped it last night and I went to move it this morning and it did not wor again! Sad day! 
Missing my mcd lunch buddy today 
This morning no connection via firefox later no identica at all. At present no login via firefox and seamonkey  !identica
@GOSSInteractive Short and brief is all I can say about the &quot;speech&quot; and no mention of Goss 
"@charlene9905 they all are! Lol..bad attitude i 2 hav, i know! Lol! yes, u'll B ok! I know u will! im srry it didnt wrk out!   {{Big Hug}}"
RIP Uncle Butch 
Wondering why and how page rank at DemoGeek.com dropped to 2? For some reason Google is not playing nice with me these days 
just arrived to my house...  have to study econ and chem.     flying to houston next thursdayyyy!!!  so excited!
hates ANDHIKA RAMADHAN so muchh....! But I love him. So confused!  http://plurk.com/p/13xg84
Is blogger playing up? My post is not publishing 
The sun is gone  nooooooo
"Making myself get up  I have too much to do today. Meeting at 1pm, Eric and The Adams 5pm-7pm, Work 8pm-Midnight."
@DoctorKiko thankfully not 
Catastrophic failure handled...   3/8 raid drives bit the dust at the same time....     hooray for backups!!! now to yell at HP Support.
i dont think i can wait until september 4 the new season of the biggest loser!! i miss tara already  off for a 3 mile run... oh the joys
is really sad/nervous/scared/uncertain... baaaaad combination of emotions...sigh... i really hope my day gets better 
"woooooow, what a fail. i missed the real world cancun, greeeeeaaaaaatttt "
@jimmyfallon i love nyc. but i live in atlanta so its a little hard to get there!! 
@kimbeeisme thank you. We'll miss her. Still don't know all detail. A little sick went to hospital fri got btr to go home Mon died tues. 
hi  feelin annoyed had a bad day worst of all been 2da hospital not good news peeps 
Six Flags = Fun! The next day = no voice 
miss my man 
My mommy has left 
I want my laptop back! 
Tweet of the day LOL i miss him 
@ItsToni She's had cancer for the past 2yrs. 
"checking email then time to get productive... mail bills, dance store to try on a pair of tap shoes. kong- k360s just aren't the same. "
@neuralclone oh nos!  what about veggie turkey?! I totally had a veggie turkey sandwich yesterday and it was *so* good
"Off to court, all my myself &amp; TERRIFIED! Could you picture Lil EG in cuffs?! Awwwww man!!!!!! "
I need to learn to not drink uv like its water. 
@lilyish shawn doesnt even get off til 6:30 in torrance. just let me know! we wont have time to come back home to get ready 
why isn't my background working when i am trying to set it up 
ok not that long!! 
Just relaxing... Feeling a little sick!.... 
"Hmm, Mom said I shouldn't. "
and miss you's. always. 
Tom is snory 
"@vargeee i miss your face too! if i could drive by myself, i'd come spend the fourth with you. "
"Me need coffee!!! Ooh and pancakes sound good! But I'm on my strict healthy eating plan, so egg whites and water it is "
"Dear Makiri, you're not going to be double-bagelled, are you? You're still pretty but ugh that is not good.  #Wimbledon"
Is way tired. 
"Off to court, all by myself &amp; TERRIFIED! Could you picture Lil EG in cuffs?! Awwwww man!!!!!! "
my phone is still dead  ugh  im so frustrated!!!!!!!!!
@Ninetailefox92 GawdDamnit! - I keep on missing your show  i wake up early so i could do my school work//Lab reports and Long analysis' =/
#dreamhost is f'n slow today.  I am on penguin server.  seems it's down every other day. 
i feel like some hot fresh fries 
I took sleeping pills like an idiot. sappose to wake up @ 6 ended up waking up @ 1140 
@HANDGUNFL dudes you can't just post saying you have new shirts and not post a pic !  lol
"Okay, NOW I has iPhone 3gs. So does @decryption. But not @xenex "
"@Alvhin it was a caress, not a pinch "
got a 1770 on the sat's 
@ColdHearted19 idk why! 
@eczemasupport I know. Torture having all three 
@unmarketing Hey we still on for coffee tomorrow? Mind if i bring a 7 yr old? Forgot school is out 
ew. ive gotta go in to work for a little 
"@81bronco I can't today.... have too much work to do, since I am taking tomorrow off...  sucks tho.  "
Today is Mizuo's last day in America--he leaves this afternoon for Japan.  
I'm filming my superstition video 2day. I'm a day behind.  I'll post either 2night or 2morrow! Thanks for your tweets!
@alizasherman  Nope sorry I am wrong 
i could have been a extra in michael seater's new movie 
"@Ithato :O it's June 25th, you're almost three months late for the April fools! "
@Yeezo morning... d... I had an ear infection 
@jenbjoyce is that a new live the dream promotion? No more details 
Cookies were not a success   No treats for the Trustees tonight!
"majorly bored  only 2 months to go till college, Whoop Whoop!!!!!!"
@ATXGGRANADOS I will be getting ready for a freaking wedding... 
I cannot feel my hands or feet 
@TRISHVICI0US  idk what to say other than I know how you feel
"@zk yep, found it: http://fifa2.feedroom.com/ #confed live stream for those of us still at work "
"for some reason i just checked the procedure for claiming lottery winnings. i didn't win anything, not even a free ticket "
Happy Birthday Dad! First time in 5 yrs that I miss his bday 
@BerinKinsman I guess but I am very sad now and I wish I knew a way to help my friend.  
"Hey Lissy, i am overheating and I have HUGE FAT ankles   12 weeks to go...!  How are you??x"
@shaun__smith you were so amazing in birmingham yesterday! you waved to us;) i really want to go again next week in brum but its sold out 
"just realised what tomorrow is.. i'm really, really, not looking forward to it "
"HOMFGG. I WANT INTERNET BACK NOWWWWW.  NJ SUCKS FAR WORSE THAN FL; it's totally unexpected. More problems, less solutions."
last day alone 
"Work, work and more work "
had no idea on what to wear tomorrow ! 
Any Ideas as to where my dead cell phone could be?? I want to pull some photos off and well I can't find it. booo 
http://twitpic.com/8dmcz - I miss my friends 
Hungry but nothing sounds good   Week 3 of no carbs
@YayasSexxxy home resting my sprained foot 
"is off to a face paint workshop. no, not really, but I wish I was. Still at work "
"@glorianatheband I CANNOT WAIT for the 'The Way It Goes' video!! Too bad I'm out of town WITHOUT CMT, so I can't see it till Sunday... "
is abis nangis  http://plurk.com/p/13xhkt
radar shows red heading towards her and i cant get her on her cell    
"@DJ_Slo_Poke   okay, just checkin... hit you on the bbm"
aww bb. i'm actually working on the fourth  yayyay retail!
at home..day off feelen sick 
@mr__askboutme hahha after my alignment and new tires im super pobre  i wish i could
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/8cmop - I Miss Hollywood too 
@pulptone do you remember my issue with gmail attachments? the same for the board 
"@Jazzled4life Must've been. I'm clearly living in the wrong state/area/location, though. "
The birds mock me -- the elusive ones show themselves when I do not have camera in hand 
Ughh what am I going to do with these kids 2day?? 1's sick and the pool is heated but its kinda cold out!   Maybe we will swim.. idk
"Of all the things SF has, it's lacking in an ASU dojo.   I'm getting spoiled."
"Goodmorning Chuck E Cheese was not all that exciting, I was bucked for no particular reason , I didn't get any tickets "
"Has dropped and broken 2 things today, both electronics "
my car and i are in an argument. i want it to start. it doesn't want to. i'm stuck at danielle's apartment until i can get it fixed. 
Last full day here.  Hopefully I'll see Tranformers today.
@KevinHart4real WHY IS YA SHOW SOLD OUT @ CAROLINES FOR THIS WEEKEND.... SO UPSET REALLY WANTED 2 SEE U TEAR THE PLACE DOWN ! 
slipping back into a funk.  i wish it was the weekend so i could bum around.
@bfelt23 I dunno!!  Wed nights are taken now 
I want to be quarantined so I don't need to go to school!! 
"@kumarhk Oh no, not the kids episode O__O With Wesley and oh, oh my "
-gasp- FInch is having a free show at the Glasshouse tonight...! 
@Vespere Exactly!   Not on the new kitchen knives... a shitty plastic lid LOL
has just done the washing up for my mum and just got my foot drenched with water 
"so she cant keep her long, so im taking a half day off work, and likely all of friday cuz bitches cant stick by their word "
My laptop charger is dying  I hate when stuff breaks.
in biology class... so bored   6 days for the vacationsss wiii 
Oh god I want to throw up getting test back 
grrrr to people who get said tomorrow. i have to wait till tuesday 
A show about fat people dancing. Because everything is funnier when fat people do it? 
Headachhhhe  im guessing the only plans I've had all week are going to be canceled... Fabulous.
@McTeach bummer!! You got up early and everything  Much more user friendly &amp; love new options for keeping everything organized
i have not seen transformers. 
Has got burnt from falling asleep in the sun! 
K. Out to lunch with no wifi 
"Sorry no more live stream from David Winer, he told me to stop streaming  #reboot11"
has a terrible cold and has to work still.. 
At the dentist to see if one of my wisdom teeth is abcessed 
On the way to Summerfest. Dont want to be a bitch anymore. 
Oh My God I JUST SAW AN OLD PERSON DIE IN TESCO  BUT ITS KINDA FUNNY BECAUSE THEY HAD JUST BOUGHT A BAG FOR LIFE !!!
"@ericdamiestreet @AmieStreet too bad Josh Ieft before we taIk music, community, and #watzatsong "
@milkrr Caitlin's started to develop cough and sniffles too tonite 
grrrr to people who get paid tomorrow. i have to wait till tuesday 
is annoyed that argos have run out of the camera she wants 
time seems to be going by really slow.....  not a good day
is doing the final scores. So many things to do pa.  http://plurk.com/p/13xi9s
Wishes it were so hot out so we could go play at the park 
"@Sara_Mooney fun times.  They came in, made the place alive, and took the life with them.  It's quiet again "
"is looking forward to the weekend, even though I have to slave away in the heat to get my yardwork done   The Proposal tonight, yay!"
"@ohSamAnn the end of season 3 ,is sad,I dont like see dean going to hell "
Up .. Boutta go get my lil cousin frum school real fast !! so tired and my legs and neck still hurrt 
Today is gonna suck. Not much signal so no twitter or facebook this afternoon. 
Gma took away z who was screaming &amp; crying to stay w me. I feel terrible abt it &amp; like I didn't do a very good job of honoring z needs. 
@hornerakg We're gonna miss you in France this year 
"@xTheWhalerx alright cool, its just i got a bonus digital DVD and last time i got a bonus Family Guy digital one it went on to bother "
I flew off my jetski and lost my sunglasses!  It was worth it though
so bored. getting charlie inspected. stuck at the auto shop. 
ahhh I just woke up &amp; I had the worst dream ever well more like a nightmare! 
Aww.... a little kitten was lying in the middle of the road... 
Butuh the sims 3!!!!  http://myloc.me/5BRq
"@xndidi thanks (: but now my (gemiddelde) is a 5,49 "
ok think im going to TRY and go back to my happy place I have said a lot sorry twitt fam but its just one of those days.... 
"at work. First day of class, thought I was excited about school and forgot how effing boring this teaching is! "
Why is post from the US being SOOOOO SLOW recently? Suite Scarlett took two weeks to arrive and my threadless shirts still aren't here 
No no no no no no no no no no no no  dont wanna be at work for three more hours. Its hot and i have to deal with annoying fucks 
@springmeadowssc wish I could  maybe you could send some down the tele line!
"@dgvelaw found it and I'm not sure where the original link is, sorry "
Goodmorning tweeties!!!...my jaw is sooooo sore *pause*...I need to go to the dentist...ay-yi- yi 
I am really bored 
Just woke up! My stomach hurts bad!! 
@Naisha03 so u not coming?  http://myloc.me/5BRz
it makes me very sad and depressed to know my Dad planned to come to Leia's bd party this weekend but will not be there for it. Very sad. 
-at work till 6ish booo 
damn...i failed the fuck out that test!!! got to stop all the partys 
the entry form comes up i fill it out hit submit...and it goes away!  ...
@yummymammy you and me both mammy! 
Wishing we could get our kitty already 
Somehow in the last couple minutes I managed to lose my bus pass! Why do I have to lose every fucking thing?! 
@djimpact aww I wish I could go to the party! 
today is scare-of-water-day !! damn my body smells so bad 
I was fast asleep; had 2 b here @8. 
someone new come hang 
Eaaaarlay college classes = 
there's a lottanew songs that i have but i only have a 1GB memory card available 
Yep... I knew it had to come one day... Back to work it is... 
The first years are gone 
"@mattfrostband i'm glad that's working for someone, it sure isn't for me. "
I hate working  it takes over my life! I just want to enjoy my summer and get tan
This is it. I am off the Internet. I just said LOL instead of actually laughing out loud to my friends joke in person 
"@DonnieWahlberg plz give away tickets for the dallas, show july 17... i dont' have NO money for tickets this time   i had vip last time"
Really struggling with motivation 
@dontforgetchaos i went shopping for vodka the other day..but its been a long time and i just couldnt decide which one to get so got none 
aw lizzy  sorry to hear that!
Less than 2 weeks left 
I'm liking d mix of songs my iPhone is playing 4 mr 2day - i'd love 2 go home now 
Is both happy and sad at the increase in bit rate of spotify. Happy because it sounds good sad because he cant browse the web at work 
A little girl dropped her orange juice on my bag during the flight. 
is TRYING to study but its DEF. not working! I'm gonna fail this test! 
@iamRenesia I feel sooooo sick. I really should have left Milan 
"@EAJosh @EADave i wish I could come to a show, but you aren't coming to Wisconsin "
@georgiakain theyres like no shops online that ccpt paypal though cept ebay 
"@ItsJonLevine @shareasalenews I am completely offended    ok, not really."
@Snolly I'll have that in mind... Alla oi epiloges m einai poli limited gmt!!! 
So happy I got to wake up to Taylors voice this morning. Sad its going to be a few days before I hear it again.  Missing him so much r ...
"Love the nice weather finally,sux that the ac died "
One year went by so fast. Still hard to believe you're gone. RIP Brittany Elise Hogan. I miss you SO much. 
"How do I find out what style of glasses will suit my face, my personality AND my work environtment? Blergh, I need a glasses guide. "
Idk why I'm so tired all the time 
@peterfacinelli the &quot;enter to win&quot; site is &quot;offline&quot;.... too many people entering... I cant enter **cry**   â™¥
Total network outage at work = work not getting done anywhere.  Ugh
TwitterBerry isn't working for some reason. This makes me sad. 
Loved seeing my old team! Miss them. 
@MariPeneh well...where where you! 
@aherne148 eenie meanie!  only one! ;) dont think it'll be a yes yes yes! lol
Playing with the pups. Hard to believe that they're 6weeks! They're gone this saturday  ~Thumper~
@peterfacinelli ok i tried to sign up like 3 times after putting in my information it keeps saying the site is offline  whats going on?
hmm didnt even get a smile or a hello quite unusal NOT! omg i proper fucked it all up yesterday 
is eating applesauce with a fork.  This is not really a fantastic idea.  
@MTVBuzzworthy i was at the movies today and in the toilet cubicle it said &quot;elmo was here&quot; on the wall - i didnt have my camera though 
-gasp- Finch is having a free show at the Glasshouse tonight...! 
@Julianneianne HAA me too at half 5  cba
@otaliaefic yes we do need more happy fic!! All the angst is killing me  but I'm loving where critical mass is right now hehehehe
Saying goodbye is even harder when it's with a 5 year old. 
Naptime with anferney before work 
"@Fuzzy_Goldfish I can't. I hurt too much.  can't take anything either, because I did at 2/3 when I went to bed. &lt;cries&gt;"
@realbrookewhite wow! international fans? that would be cool! how i wish i could go there too. 
"@lastyearsgirl_ i was just thinking about it, but im shattered, so i think i might go home and crash "
@sweetemmaxxx *sigh* I know...not even lunch yet 
@megadestructo I was so disappointed when I realized the name of that song wasn't &quot;Well thought out Twinkees&quot; 
I just smelled this Guess by Marciano Gotta get it!!!! I guess i'm gonna give up the polo double black  til fall that is.
"OK. i knw dis is no tech support forum.. bt m hving dis iritatng firefox prob.. no status bar,adrss bar nt wrking.. dn re-install.... "
@kristinekilljoy 90's night wasn't the same without u there 
"Bad things happened 2 my hair man, smh. Not a good idea 2 go to sleep w a wet head. I now have dreads  tryin not 2 cry...."
@TuesdayBlues HEHEHEHEHEHE yknow I wanted to tell you I missed you once when I saw you log in!!! But I didn't  -TOO SHY HAHA
"M'n'Ms, powdered dohnuts and cheetos...gross "
"@divestoclimb the only seating area available was general admission, so I'm thinking the presale allocation ran out "
Good morning. Sooo I'm sick. Whoopee. Not 
"Ahh,sudden onslaught of allergies! No me gusta. Ugh,I can barely breathe "
"@Barefoot_Ant July 28, the tuesday before DC...won't you be in training them? "
"@ninghil Why?  i mean, what's with the song? Demet."
"i think my tanning day is canceled today  , its supposed to rain and its really sticky outside, but no sun! "
"what am I going to do? ... if nobody pays me attention, what a shame  [[losing my faith...]]"
@BlackMamba23 when I go to www.cocktailour.com I can see it... I dunno why u don't 
@pdurham awww! i wasent ablt to stop for lunch today either was SO busy doing work LOL. is not good 
Is very sad!  x
"my mate kieren leaves to live in New Zealand on saturday  quite upsetting. Drunken times tonight with him, gonna be one hell of a send off"
Ur crazy! Anyone that eats like you has to be insane! Haha!   Lonelyandroid ):
@adammshankman you are ALWAYS good on the panel!!  I miss you already!  
cleaning my closet. @achen92 knows how messy it is 
"Well, The front-ending was nice. Turned out there is some back-ending to do as well, I'm not enjoying myself "
Wimbledon again...whilst eating raspberries.  They were to be accompanied by blackberries but they'd grown fur 
@CarlisleRCullen yes... but he and I can't find each other on twitter 
"goddamnit, now i can't even check my SAT scores? "
@DarkPebles miss u more it's so hot and quiet here 
I hate re-reading tweets that I post from my b-berry with mis-spellings and I can't delete and repost from my phone 
Spore galactic adventures won't let me share my newest adventure  Asking for help on the forums.
leaving now back to America was was really sad to leave but things are heating up here and i should really go i don't belong 
sleeping today till i go to work at 2pm 
Work from noon till 4 today is not gonna be fun...plus im hungry 
The CNBC audio feed cut out just when Bernanke was answering the million dollar question - regarding the competentcy of Ken Lewis 
Is nervous he wont be able to get tickets to see Have Heart in Vienna especially as they are spliting after this tour 
"aha, deredactie.be confirms it was suicide now  #yasmine"
"Out of xray, gotta wait a week! Foot is hurting so much "
"@LMDvintage Oh they are gorgeous, just need a proposal I'm afraid   lol"
@harpreetsohalxx  cow u would cum if it was pillows bday init....dont talk to me    
@insidetheglow @jadaboi @shannaniscool i miss you skanks 
Couldn't stop laughing at my sister's Simon Cowell get up today for golf practice. Too bad I left the pictures at the office 
I have to take my PSP apart. 
this windows update has crippled my machine and i m just sitting and staring my machine now 
@Friscokidd87 come back  im sad. yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah im gettin money!!!!!!!!
"YES! Done with storage. But byebye to my speakers, TV and 30m Ethernet cable for the next 2.5 months. "
@AshleyAdriana haha u forgot the @ sign!!!  but yes it was
Fact :3 mobile are as much use as a an expenses claim in Westminster. 
"@marcvibbert i'm not sure, the last train on friday is at 3 and the first 1 on saturday wouldnt have me there til almost 1... "
"At work bored, need to get out of working in an office "
ah.. tenth grade is hard..!! no matter what people say..!! who am i kidding? i`m not gonna make it through college..!! it`s depressing.. 
@kerrikuklinski how have you met so many celebrities?! It's not fair 
biggar high is officially shut to pupils now 
I slept horribly last night. 
Why were they the ILLEST. Dun kno MJ touched that  *my views not those of the BBC/1Xtra* !!
http://atwitterprayerforgi.blip.tv/ #Gilad Beautiful video about soldier KIDNAPPED 3 yrs ago and still in captivity. Watch with tissues 
"@kurttheoutsider, "
Great... soon to be forced to work on central hosted XP machine...when our software runs on Server 2008 
tear tear ITS RAINING !!! outsidee 
I had a dream that all of the HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for haters = we NEED U!
@saulbhp And couldn't invite..... 
@FatDaveonaBike gosh... i need to 'unthink' that now... my eyes my eyes my eyes 
I learned something new... cellphones and washing machines don't mix 
@hmdavid Yeah. I am just kinda sick about it. 
why must The Asmodians ladies wear shoes ...? 
it's the weekend and i'm still in the office at my desk 
"my email address is correct, and I'm checked for getting updates...but I have yet to receive one "
"New theme on delay, trying to complete this week but impossible "
"@sollitaire well, a good number of people dislike coffee, though the peppermint and popcorn thing is weird. a life without popcorn is sad "
Why do Revolution's 2-4-1 vouchers only last until 9? We're never out before 9!  And it's so ruddy expensive.
@3rdparty They also don't support bank transfers IIRC  Paypal is still the most ubiquitous / least bad (don't want to say best)
@thatguygil happy birthday! can't make it back to slc tonight  hope it's a blast
@Mahasin21 (2nd to the 5th) next week man. I'm sad deki can't go tho 
@KINGII lately i lost mines too 
@FendiDotcom morning bestie! Y didn't u cum wit da bm to my job 
even a texan would admit that it's humid in nyc today 
@nicole_jordan Break a leg!!!!! Wish i could be there  Bring it to the UK
"Spain lost yesterday  i HATE seeing Torres upset, it makes me sad =["
@CountyBrown you guys just stopped loving me.   i was a hittman honey!  
I didn't ask to star in it. I'm EP'ing it. Doesn't seem like I'm directing anything. It's all part of the show. Film. Saga. EPIC 
and now i'm really hungry for pizza. not sure where to get that around here though 
@timegirl4468 i do most of that at work... its a hard life 
Hate Rain  blah
Home. I have decided to ditch my interview  its too far. It will take me 1hr and 20 minutes to get down there not worth it
"well awake,my heads pounding..first day of tour hungover "
@Luchianotracks Bottle of what on you? Lol... I dunno what to do for my bday and my friends aren't helping 
i think i sunburnt my knees. 
@amyshell not for me  lol
im bout 2 qo flat iron miie hair shoot i shoulda wrapped it last nite! grrrrrr 
Watching hunter. Waiting for dad to get home. I'm hungry. 
" My turtle food! Its starving. ;( Im sorry, turtles. ;( I promise i buy tmr. ;("
@richberra Yes Shaq went to the Cavs.  I love the Suns!! But now there will be Ben Wallace and Sasha Palovic. OMG Did I spell that right?
WEll than. I had a cruddy last day of school. 
is not looking forward to her return. 
"Argh cramps.   C'mon midol, don't let me down "
"Has to transfer all his music onto his new memory card,, ohhh the woe "
"its such a nice day today but all iv done is had a drivin lesson and then cut the grass  all the rest has bin lookin 4 a job, hw depressin"
says missed the artfire sneakers  http://plurk.com/p/13xk6q
Too damn hot today 
New day same job 
Sad that the gatorade is gone 
Work..boo 
Feel like a failure being a mother! My son wants to sleep with the maid! 
I always cry at the Degrassi episode when JT dies 
"Lallalalla. What to do, what to do. Posibly out by the  poooooool. Hmm. I had no idea ftsk broke up.... "
Last day w/ the summer interns 
i bombed my SAT'S. i just got put in a horibbble mood. i hate this 
My tummy hurts somethin terrible 
"@WebVet_com Oh, what a sad story! "
"My husband, @palinode, is coming to BlogHer w/ me, but he has no pass  It is the saddest of our 1st world problems."
i feel sorry for myself 
What is the meaning of love   pushing the one ya love aside just cause you busy . . .  I going crazy here . Fuckin sick this shit
"Ugh I hate this, my tummy hurt "
feeling really bad for Farrah Fawcett 
"Bummed. Been signed up for RWA 4ever, and might not be able to go b/c of possessed SUV that catches fire and only parks in reverse. . "
ryan cabrera is in philly and i am not  
I have to go to the supermarket.....  I hate it!!!!
@eviljeanius -- try rappin your way out of that... 
sleeping in the living room tonight w baby!!!! love baby to the max. throat very itchyyy  *sneeze*
"@DebbieFletcher Yeeeeeeeey! Finally!! Send a Happy Fathers Day to Bob! I know I'm very late, but is really difficult talk to you "
is sad cuz I'm leaving 2mrw and hav 2 no pics of the trip cuz I left my camera in MaKayla baby bag 
this shit is whack...im out 
@TheMindofTippy you mean all people 
"Waiting to go to shangri la, don't want to leave "
@laurenemilyy 1) Your background pic is CRAZZYYYY.  2) My friend is amazing at color and she said my hair is too dark for any blonde. 
Is stuck in DC until 4pm est.. That's a crazy delay for perfec weather. 
my phone got stolen 
Too sick to get off the floor. Bleh 
while it was bright and sunny and now i get out and its dark! 
"@dommerghz Definitely, once my old computer is set up again.  All my good ATL shit is on it. Oh, &amp; you're in luck! You just WON the game!"
@jonaskevin hey! i wish you guys could come to singapore! i was really sad when i saw that you were going to Peru  cuz im from there. ily
@spode nooooo! I want a beer in the sun! I just had a Magnum but its so hot in this office that it came off stick and fell onto keyboard 
@LUVDOLLICIA hey mama! Nah I'm in ATL right now...I wiiiiiish 
I'm phoneless now &amp; I'm sad 
@ZenGoalie No hockey for me all summer  I'm down in Maryland for the summer but I'll be back in NH the last week of august!
"@ShystieUK its not swag truss....it will hav u bussing, I wud take u but the whole *not knowing* u ting kinda hinders dat prospect "
remaining API what is it? because of it my tweetdeck doesnt work perfectly 
need to gain weight... 
Using XML Catalog resolver with Saxon to avoid fetching DTDs from the net http://bit.ly/saxondtd - not worky with /etc/xml/catalog for me 
What is not to hate about LA traffic! Seriously 
Wondering why ALL the dogs are snoring now...not just Nikita...and whether they have a respiratory thing going on 
Will really no one visit me in Manchester? Even if I have a super swanky pad? 
"@BritMichele89 you scared me yesterday, SERIOUSLY "
Just took a closer look at my soap and decided to hold off from taking them out of the mold. They are just a wee bit too soft. 
What happened to @GerardoMitre? I missed his twitts 
Im stepping forward in january. im sorry guys 
"My twitterberry doesn't work and connected at all. Oh wats wrong with you,baby? "
is devastated that she has lost Â£75!! 
Leaving th city soon  very tierd done my fair share of walking!
@catecorbitt: i actually can't 
"Hey Annex, if you see a handsome black &amp; white cat frightened in the thunderstorm, love him and then send him home. My cat got outside "
keeps getting withheld phone calls 
@WholeFoods why doesn't your Harbor East store sell sugar-free/NSA pies?  so disappointed.
"@Bellovski I know, poor Dixie! I can't believe it! "
@nicoladetisi Have you got the house-moving-blues? 
i need money  i wish cars weren't so expensive.
i miss news about niley  i was hear about niley!
@bittytrick i forgot! I just ate cereal! 
"Ugh, ive been denied so many cravings. Now its red velvet cake and nachos "
learning for economy test tomorrow  cheer me up #trackle
"First sunny day in two weeks, and I am gallery sitting. "
@edibow aw i want to come  xx
@ home with the flu 
Wish i could go see @DoreTaylor &amp; @ChrisCashMusic play tonite!! 
"Ok Darnell, I'm working , its not busy "
"http://twitpic.com/8dn7g - @ laguna beach, summer 2007. California i miss uuu "
I think I should start on my summer work 
@HannahxCx you are going without me!  im gonna miss ya!
"sirius stock is kicking ass, too bad i sold 1000 shares earlier this month "
what happened to my sunny day? 
"@mahlonlandis  Those are some really long hours, hope you get a break soon. You deserve one. "
and It's not supporting opengl  I want to turn my page in photoshop as in painter.  can't seem to make the driver work over windows 7.
so glad that the weather is good...but i miss u 
Turtles are faster than they look. 
Entire body aches like shit from 3 hrs of badminton! 
"@caramuise It's disgusting. When I danced I got like a warty thing from my pointe shoes, ignored it and now my foot is covered  fml."
It is once again hot outside  The pool is even hot
@sciencegoddess Oh no! That's terrible! So sorry to hear about the -80C loss  Sad to say but the TA is probably more easily replaced 
@bananza I think I just cried a little (via @simonmcconico) x2 
Three stitches and a bandage thing that's full of blood already but apparently I have to leave it on for TWO FREAKING DAYS 
Disappointed that our 5 year old tv has a problem with the convergence at the bottom.  Likely fixable for about $70 if I do it or ++$$.  
WELL HENRY IS OUT OF TOWN AGAIN! 
"Dealing with a fussy, sick baby, poor guy, thrush "
change is good... but i don't like the way some of my friends are changing. this has to be the hardest part of life... friends changing 
Work today...never got to see movie yesterday because relatives were in town. Bartledoo. 
You want to see how your life runs in circles that you have not closed? Keep a Diary and go back to it... 
"@storiesofmac ok, understood. I'll have to buy the iPhone OS version "
Found out why: She was so addicted that she took her laptop with her wile taking a bath! The electric shock is what killed the poor girl 
"@EAJimmie dude, i was totally gonna go...but i thought it was tomorrow.  I guess we'll see in ohio? lol. cuz we have something cool 4 u!"
 just got woken up by a wrong number. Should have put my phone on silent. I stayed home sick today. Feeling a little better but not great~
"My Bugatti will make 253 mph, but there's always traffic! I coulda got a house for 1.7 million. "
trying to plan a roadtrip just makes you realize how broke as a joke i am 
@iWeb NO  Still waiting. Almost 70 Hours have passed since payment.
thinks that looking for the good in people will only leave you disappointed 
I wish my CD could hold more than 19 songs 
"@the_tai_pan nice, I want me a burrito right now "
hungry  chomp2 porridge sounds awfully tempting. but i need to be up by 9 tmr 
Certainly didnt expect this. 3 cases of the swine flu# found in my building. Im not safe anywhere 
"@BraedonG, ugh I know- I wanted to go "
@moanyboot i pay 4 my 2 and i remember at the time it was roughly 25% for 2 kids. Christ I can't get enuf of my kids. hate dads like that 
@Thahani I know! I really miss the old days!  I ADORED the attitude era! 
myspace is acting up for me  my mac keeps on freezing when ever I view my friends pages
@rainbow711 I so wish I could!! Not really part of the workplace culture  Will keep fingers crossed the sun is still out at 4:30!
Super worried for tmr's driving test! 
doing homework... unfortunately 
@JuanD_ Can't really call it then since I'm not getting paid. 
Ugh.. I don't feel good this morning. My head feels like it's going to explode  I wanna go home and sleep
"@ChrisDca now, why do you have to be that way? "
"@pibworth Hey Lauren, how are you?! Weather not so great here now. Looks like rain  What's new in Barrie?"
Dang it! We woke up late. So we wont be in cle elum for like another three hours  boo.
@infobunny my bum's too big for facebook 
@BrittKay I'm sorry I couldn't be more help last night bb 
Is not v.well 
@FIASCoMonkey I think I will have to stop as well. My library is shrinking! 
"@cosleia Well, we have them, but they don' t really work for me. They're fine for David, but the window's on my side &amp; I sleep facing it! "
i''m up! now i want to go back to sleep 
Is missing all of her friends already 
layin in the bed not really feelin like doing the work thing today but i gotta my pockets need it. 
Homeward bound. 
today COULD be &quot;the day&quot; GULP!  Flight imminent with unluckiest pilot in the world... regular pilot Andy in hot office having meeting...
Worst two days of my life? I fucked up so badly w/ Jordan. I regret everything 
"@aLeevz baby! I love youuu  yurr at workkk,-.-,I misss yu "
"Mourning the loss of my Canon i850, instead of replacing the printhead, I'll just go get a whole new printer, it's cheaper "
"aww just watched the Degrassi where JT dies, it was sad "
"@DanniBearrr  i had no choice, my dad wiped the computer and now i have a laptop so i had to download this one. viva la sharing folders!"
"Konqueror works, Firefox via web works after restarting and clearing cookies as well but identifox does still not work   !identica"
&quot;fatal: The remote end hung up unexpectedly&quot; is not even close to funny. 
My god its another hot day and yet another boring day at work 
Wants to go on holiday 
still very sad 
@swagtastic904 LMAO! I AINT SWOLE YET IM TRYNA BE LIKE YOU! I STILL GOT 6 MORE WEEKS OF THESE BULLSHIT CLASSES 
She wont let me do anything... 
@drklutch yeah 
@immmheidi we had a line til 12:30am 
@peterfacinelli Sadly I keep getting an off-line message when I submit my details 
Last day of math class! ...till Monday. Boo. 
"Im sitting here, in pain, waiting for a stupid meeting to start. I dont want to be here. "
@kickdrums so is that like......soon? idk what time it is in NY lol 
Florintina is fed up 
Gah. I can't see 
Is Depressed.... 
"@KayBella I have boxes, but I don't think they would do you any good... cause I'm here and you are there "
"@FerretsFIRST I just put a lost add in craigslist, apparently someone else lost their wuzzle too around me "
@traveladdict I think I missed it for today  Thank you for the pw though! Will try again tomorrow before heading to a box office Saturday.
"@Steaps hmm I don't know what's wrong, sorry "
someone keyed my car 
"we were supposed to start swimming lessons with Maggie next week, but they called &amp; said it's been canceled b/c of low enrollment. BOO "
"poor kid, this ia a horror story http://tinyurl.com/n8bxj9 bacteria eats off a kids face   if your gonna pray for someone today, he gets!"
Blur were in Wolverhampton last night it's good that I went to the cinema to distract me from the short space between me and Damon Albarn 
@PDuffman004 Pandora knows more about me than I do  I use it all the time and can count on one hand all the songs I've disagreed with.
"Rest in Peace, Mark. "
"@albedo777  Aww. Hope you get better soon, too."
"@stephysite It's mostly work stuff. They fired everyone, so there's fewer people to do the same work. Keeps me from working on fun stuff "
depressed and annoyed 
I wish I was hiking on the appalachian trail 
Send happy thoughts to @twigsCharlie not to well at the moment 
@jonaskevin please 
Still looking for a job  Anyone need a housetrained geek?? Pretty Please??
Only two hours of sleep  and I'm in math  not my morning today
@BrooklynzFinest @BJermain kids starin at yo dick print 
@SilkDark i dont know because I got it through the Y.E.L.L. Summer Program and you had to apply for it in May so I think its too late 
well I upgraded to Ubiquity 0.5 and half my commands don't work with Parser 2 
@Gamblest gammie... is your van forever dead? 
"My tummy hurts  booo. I wanna go home and rest, I don't feel well. Might be going to Ryans, for now? HSM.   C xx"
"I don't know what could make this better, but something needs to happen fast! "
I think I pissed my boss off 
"I hate that I need to tweet everything in English. :') I'm too lazy, but nobody will understand me. "
is sitting and waiting and praying it works 
so tired...babysat from 8am till 12  sleep time..gnite yall
@thedailygriff no way    I'll be out of the office
"@DrJoolz thanks, I went there before...it does not show where do you log on? It says I should be able to through MUSE, but cannot "
@valenbfm where'd you go? 
"@supermac18 umm, i met you at the Demi Lovato concert! I'm not in that picture of your fans. "
@McRiddlahpants i wanna do more shows its the money factor thats holdin me back from actually gettin it done  booooo
Dark clouds. Loud thunder. Heavy rain. I'm off computer. Doing paper work. 
"just woke up, its 2am here n I can't get back to sleep "
@ShiftyWooten I just got denied for another card. 
@personalhudgens aww i bet  i'm good thank you x
OhmyGodddd.I really want to cry now...@jessicakosasih    hopeless
@ lancearmstrong  
"@cosleia Well, we have them, but they don' t really work for me. They're fine for David, but the window's on my side &amp; I sleep facing it! "
I'm soooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored right now 
going to my little sisters 8th grade graduation...its so sad she's not a baby anymore 
is get the AC in her Black Betty worked on Monday. Hope it is an easy fix... hate sweating. Come back fall season 
it's friday !! And i just got on the bus .. Going to work later today again 
Thunder storm on its way? Oh crap.  my hairrrrr!
"NOOO, got to do english nao "
I can't believe this happened. it's like a nightmare that I'm never going to wake up from. But its life and I have to deal with that.... 
@himynameisemmy they're not realeasing the song they sang at Sell Out either  we talked about why haha
@fromblueskies  twitter cut the link in half... 
is dying from gastric pain... cant sleep 
ugh! just found out that TWO people in my school have SWINE FLU!! i dont wanna die duuuuuuuude!!  
Is up too early.  but lots of things to do today.
"@joemqi yeah that would be awesome! I'd be like SAYHAITOJEN. And no, I can't take pictures "
Those days I didn't have much responsibility . So I liked back then too . Its sad I do the same thing just different company 
"i like how my mom always meets famous celeberities.  johnny depp, marc jacobs, hallie berry, bruce willis &amp; now cameron diaz.  mom&gt;me "
Mr Delivery online site useless #brandminus I can't even send a complaint on it 
people are here packing up my house 
Oh my god wat a day!! Hospital is crazy and my patients are busy !!! No time for anything 
"misplaced my iPhone in a renegade taxi cab  at least i got to enjoy 3.0 for a couple of hours. if you need to get in touch, email me!"
okay nvm house to myself my mom  is going out .. OMG !!!!! i see the sun !!!!! oo sad face it's gone lol I jinxs it 
&quot;seek me and you will find me&quot;.....     I can't find Him. What am i doing wrong? This is frustrating. I want to hold her again.... 
tired. really truly tired 
Feeling really off today 
It's so fun. We met someone on train. Didn't get through though 
Headache 
@officialkathyg I'm so upset. I got tickets to the Westbury show for Sunday and they changed my dance recital to the evening 
"@holliBwell big spoon here, I lost your number when I lost my phone. "
it might as well jsut rain if the sun wont come out 
@DubarryMcfly aww  i kept wandering off from the laptop then i just got bored lol oooh sounds like you had fun  xxx
in fact he wants to go on the cruise his family is going on!  sodding training!
"listening to Sum41 with me such a beautiful song i love it ,it reminds me of some old times "
@squirrelsunite I'm sorry.  if you want to talk you know how to find me!
is at the pool. last day 
"just done science test for triple, not sure ill get it tho "
my side hurts  i must sleep in some very odd positions at night..this happens to often.
"Home. Really hot, reallly tired "
Tomorrow ill get my windshield they are short staff  it just gos with today
damn overslept now I'm startin my dad mad late... 
lost my damn keys ughhhhh. 
@sugarlandfan34 ok ill will!!!(your lucky i dont have gac 
@Heather_Paige nothing had been started tho i was just rubbin on him lol and i passed out  he shoulda nudged me tho! rite? lol
"AHHHHH Its really here, time for me to be on my own  this is hitting me big time!"
just applied for another 10 positions anywhere and everywhere..no graphics so down to admin jobs..great aye!i think i am better than that 
@DJTracyYoung I know! I think San Diego pride is this weekend too. And one of these days wanna do all 3 
@McRiddlahpants id love to do more shows but the money factor is holdin me back from achievin that goal  lol boooo
@smiley0612 Awww.   Miss you!
Great just seen weather severe warning heavy thundery showers tonight not happy!! 
@kacymariemae aww im sorry  i think carly's dog did that before but im not completely sure...let me know how it goes ok?
"@cosleia It doesn't get as dark in the summer, either, as it does the rest of the year, and that just makes it hard for me to sleep. "
"my puppy libby scratched my heel  and now it's bleeding, but i got a bandaid!"
"@nikkatron i figured you would be even more mad if i had signed on and not let you know  i was barely on though, i got angry. what's new."
"dismayed with health problems lately, I've lived 30 years without mich trouble and suddenly all this stuff is broken "
"Just finished burying my cat. RIP Fat Cat, you crazy old girl. "
The Jeep failed inspection  The Cat converter needs replaced. Only another $300 which I don't have. Medical disability is such a wonde ...
"i like transformers. i wish i had a bumblebee  BUMBLEBEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!... nope, didn't work  btw thinking it's racist, is well, racist."
"@imadesiigner ooo, i want to go to Dubai, but i've never been on a plane "
Soo pissed off right now that Rock Band 2 for Wii has been delayed AGAIN - day before release 
No ones talking on msn 
Coffee is joy soon it this week  momma is TIRED!
"@peterfacinelli except now it says 'site is having technical problems, try again later' "
Just found out Sharapova is out already  Will have to support Maria Kirilenko instead then. And whoever Andy Murray is playing obviously!
"hey you twitterers out there, which mac virus protection software would be best? good friend of mine has a mac and a possible virus "
@musicologist012 Good! How's school? I really wanted to go there but I got cold feet as the last minute bc it was soo far 
goodbye juani. already miss you.. whoÂ´s gonna be my company every afternoon now? 
@Candice_Jo Ouch. I actually winced when I read that. Sorry 
@natalieox Wembley! She comes back on Tuesday  I really want to watch it! xx
@adamrburton i know i totally shouldve but i didnt...  
Goodbye Louisville I will miss you and your 3G 
@snapshotsoflove HAHAHA Ok Fareast definitely!! I don't know what to wear. 
@BillyWilliwaw CHIPS! I miss chips 
Thanks to the stupid thunderstorm I don't get to enjoy my last day at the lake. 
"@homesteadwool I' thinking about spinning some batts I made about a year ago with brown sheep wool and some bamboo. No box, req sig "
Augh!my computer is broken! -crys- 
Im singing in the rain !!!  it is pouring the rain !!  
"prom was so good, everything to do with malbank is over now "
@kerri_louise aww  i like the rain but the sunshines better  xxx
@anneversteeg I know right! 
It's already Thursday! I don't want to leave Berkeley so soon...2 more days. 
@karraaaawr doens't he like you back?  
One of those days *grumble* Suddenly lost my i-net connection (seems I missed a mail 'bout and update)-Flat tire on my bike-burnt my food 
Singing..&quot;Lonely...I'm so lonely...I've got somebody but he's not at home 
@211me @peterfacinelli I'm having trouble in submiting my info 
missing my boyfriend! hes in florida im in texas  but he'll be back tomorrow!!! we are inseperable!! unless we are travling
@msamayoa i miss my 10mbs connection 
@abikent09 is taking the pure mick out of my ill state and rubbing in the fact that she has been to the beach 
goig to hospital tommorow 
Is up and has a couple strands to run 
Losing another icon.    My thoughts are with Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/16Z4xZ
"Nearing lunch time, getting hungry.  No contractions yet today ... "
"To hospital radio in a while,  download some logging to listen to on long drive to Norwich  next week. Hoping to blog today but no time "
LIGHTNING STRIKES AGAIN!  As in...real lightning this time.  Just in time for the Canadian Track &amp; Field Championship.  
@MisterJack I think so 
still haven't gotten my call. getting irritable and emotional. My apologies to @splantiago whom I was very rude to 10mins ago 
@darthnaida poor you  just chekin u comin saturday? dont forget to bring ur pjs and a good movie!
4548 days left (max) and my kids are driving me NUTS! One of these days i won't be doing it alone! 
goodbye jonny flynn  syracuse will always love you!
Red Robin for work lunch... But I'm the only one here. 
@ingridcoles The cyclazine doesn't seem to help much. Had some this morning.  Think it may be an ulcer. Gastroscopy on Monday - Yay! Fun!
"@jzdziarski Fuck Apple, let us Redeem codes for the App Store. And while you at it, let us use iTunes gift cards for the App Store too! "
Dangit summer school sucks in so many ways 
dang it! i cant seem to find my grey denims!  dont remember the last time i wore them
is really taking life hard right now. 
 I hate budget cut. It's not making me happy.
I feel sick. Why dies prom have to be tonight 
"Bryony is here, stressed atmosphere. shame . silly boys "
"Morninggggggg. I slept later  It's 12pm, oops!!"
"@SeanMHayes Haha, i have no idea what to write though. Im just staring at a blank word document. "
@lovefromrandom oooooh i love miami ink! wish kat von d would do mine   glad yr having fun!!
sick &amp; working today!!  Damn Its raining so bad outside 
i am hungry for lunch.  not so much for an apple.  
so annoyed...Saturday=school 
"@jeslynfong so sorry, cant help u "
@oana4life that's awesome. I wish I had 6 days off 
"Won't be going to necc this year  If you get a chance, please let me know if the sessions you are in are livestreamed so I can join! Thx!"
on my way home. damn i miss that sunshine state! all it does it rain here 
@MrMcDougal no all the cool people went Tuesday night..unfortunately I wasnt 1 of them bc I had to work  let me know how awesome it is
hates the new layout :@ Tday has been horrible 
Hewitt smacked the crap out of Del Potro. I'm sad. 
it's raining....something cool about the rain and storms on the ocean but we are ready for some sun today! no fishing today 
Why aren't my followers/what not appearing on my sidebar??  
I have a love-hate relationship with Adobe After Effects. Its actually more of my powerbook's fault. It's just powerful enough. (tear) 
on my way home. damn i miss that sunshine state! all it does is rain here 
"@joelkonecny yes, @tonyaAM n I are campaigning. ps-sweetcheeks still didn't change his pic! "
@The_Real_Shaq Truly going to miss you in Phoenix! So sad!!! 
wonder its connection problem or FaceBook .. can't connect well these few days ... 
aWWW  I'd give anything to go to Glastonbury tomoroooo.
Have to write and implement a client survey 
Late again 
I had to put away my corn nuts...  
"is listening to Opick's songs with Mom. Mom, when will Dad be our prayers leader? "
@natneagle awww I am so sorry your hubby has Pneumonia  I hope he gets better soon!
"@SookieBonTemps I'll definitely be with you in spirit, don't know if I'll have computer access though "
"@1capplegate I will be watching, I hate that the show as canceled "
Emjay won't stop panting from the thunderstorm!!!! She's shivering too! 
@RealLamarOdom how do you get your ankles ready for the NBA season? I just want to get my injured ankle ready for summer 
@drspectrum Meds are supposed to start helping today or tomorrow. 
Laptops fixed!!! Lost everything on it tho  :@ Time to get downloading!
Next is Gljufura on July 2nd. Was a week too early in Andakilsa  Will try again later this summer elsewhere. All gear in perfect order!
is wondering where my bestie @Adriana_Acosta is? 
"@keesitt yeah, i jelez cant come, got class, now finding dinner  *sob*"
"@JudithBailey yeah DMs don't work 4 everyone, &amp; blocked ppl won't delete  they need 2 fix it"
@tiannanixon I love Alexa Chung but it makes me think of Alexa from school. 
@souleyedee the first weekend we might be able to go to the beach and ur leaving me  *sigh* I must be hardcore w/out u
The fever I caught a month ago is still kicking my butt. Doctor gave me antibiotics for the bronchitis 
"@evearoundworld  You're at a wedding and lovesick. I feel for you. The next cookie I bite, I bite for you."
Ugh! @Lucus won't let me go back to sleep!  http://twitpic.com/8dnus
Is being left on her own by her evil boyfriend 
@alannanoelle Um. Not cool.  Use that anger as motivation for book binding biz!
I don't trust the Mail. I think I got ripped off 
@ShellyH88  has got the backstreet boys in his head now... cheers 
I feel like watching every episode of boy meets world today. if only I had them 
@qteepye1481 Next month the 25th ok will do :-P whenever I figure it out.... 
"Playing MSN games w Kaifeng, too bad, Gopets cant work! "
getting for work 
Stuck behind a train in Agua Dulce 
I loathe the migraine club 
"@1capplegate i really love samantha who, im sad they arent picking it up again! "
"I've noticed I'm not getting updates from some poeple... Namely @D_Tolentino, and @DanielDanger. They just don't show up.  And it sucks.  "
@AnthonyJ720 Hey silly billy I called u last nite sadly no answer 
A train ran over my face. This zpak is not working like it should 
"@samb Sorry!    But personally,I'd rather be where you are!"
"Still groggy...  goin 2bed now. Hopefully,will wake up feelin ok. Lord, touch &amp; heal me."
@ansaaaudi oh my gosh ansa! I need to ... No! I must watch that gorgeous shia. Nasib kita samaaa  lucky karina
@MagicDandelions that is so sad. What happened? 
Leighton Meester's shoes........on point!.....but her hair... 
@stephenfry http://twitpic.com/8dlch - Thanks for sharing this experience with us. I'm German and have never been there. Shame on me 
http://twitpic.com/8dnxy - Someone stole all our beer last night 
its raining like mad cows outside  good thing skools over... or i'll hav to walk home o___o
 Schade das es keine Italienische Weine sind. #bellaitalia #bellatoscana
This little bleeder just bit my nose   http://twitpic.com/8dnxg
"@seenandsaid  I hear thunder, too.  "
@Travismtv insomnia is the devil 
left my purse n moms car...no money+no license= STUCK N THE HOUSE!!! 
*yawn* when will ppl learn 2 not ring me between 10am &amp; 8pm b/c that is prime zzz time? Just been rudely awakened by the phone ringing 
@iiHeartShana cuz ima only b with u for 2 days 
need to clean don't want to clean but need to find my house 
Body aches. Check. Hacking cough. Check. Overall feeling of complete assyness. Double check. 
Having issue with google adwords adding characters to end of destination url 
I wanted to be up two hours ago... 
@youtube Give us the option to switch back to Channels 1.0 // channels 2.0 are ugly and hard to use!! Please don't do this to us! 
Burned myself while cooking - yey. Only reason I don't like cooking with cast iron. 
trying to teach herself guitar and completely failing at it 
@fountain1987 cannot believe you left hollyoaks 
"@jaxontyler Words words words :/ FYI, I meant alone in a different bed. Also, this tiny dog is a dick. "
Ops I forgot to tweet 26 length at the pool yesterday...650m....loads of room for improvement 
@joeltelling My other phone broke and I am using an old phone. It takes crappy pics. 
"@dishnetwork Nope  You know they're doing gross secret ingredient week on Iron Chef, right?!"
"I can almost finally take Driver's Ed! Geez, I am so freakin' young. "
I am randomly craving an asiago cheese bagle  i have zero wil power
@Bklyncookie yet you reserve those kind words for a taco. I'm still a @kogibbq virgin 
@stephlandry all day? 
Have done something to my foot which means that I can't walk and therefore couldn't make the most of the glorious sunshine today 
I havent seen my sister since sunday. I miss her shit tea  but i cant go outside coz I keep getting bloody headaches.
@skarsol oh but only in pink and blue  i want purple and green. pooh face.
"off to watch a bit of wimbledon on the tv, pointe class has been cancelled for today "
THESE RAIN DROPS ARE HUGE! 
What a bummer!!! 
@jenn_gonzalez Sorry to hear that. I bet the heat doesn't help. 
i want french toast and bacon 
"i would like to go back to bed, not go out and about right now. "
Its going to RAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
"Watched deal or no deal, what a crap ending  Gonna start prepping tonights show! 11pm - www.offthechartradio.co.uk"
I have purchased the custom CSS upgrade but still...lost in oblivion 
she just pulled up. weird. she's always great at getting 45 min cardio in before we hook up for weights 
"1 step forward , 2 steps back  #sharepoint"
@nessnitty - sup sis its couldy where im @ 
"dude, lets do something, i'm bored. "
"Is hot, tired and really really wants to go home!! Bah! Bloody mother and wanting an outfit for Dads retirement weekend "
"Has anyone ever told themselves to stop thinking about a person, but when u go to sleep their all u dream about? That's when life sucks. "
my head is killing me!  
youtube ate my audio! 
@Sylverstar1 Without me? 
My head is going to freaking explode!   no more jÃ¤ger for me ever again!
I can't get past 79 on flight control. 
"@BrandyWandLover not in the mood for stir fry  haha, im in such a picky mood.. im annoying myself! xx"
has got a lump on the side of her head because she smacked it on the bed. Why does this have to happen the day before prom? 
i wish @valenbfm would text me back. 
@chibi_marrow that happened to me the other day  Not fun!
"@cheia Me tooo!  So, you never told me, why can't you make it? "
http://twitpic.com/8cq83 --what the hell is this?! LMAO i dont remember  @jenellnicole @raethoven
@lidewij I'm still waiting for the books I ordered to arrive. I'm starting to doubt they'll be in here for our flight to Greece tuesday. 
. . . So; am I the only one in Toronto who realizes outside? Hmm  so damn uglY !
Damn &quot;free&quot; internet at my apartment is down so I have to hijack some wifi just to check my email even when it does work it is badly slow 
@TeamDaveDays  Why? Is it...Jakob?  I know too much!
"@averygoodyear I know.  Mine go through bouts of it too, few days here and there. Never know what it was. Drives me bonkers. Hugs."
@Shiara yeah..OMG..! did u see that.? The jersey kid is getting older.. feels like yesterday he was only 14  wow I feel so proud!!
@Mondizzle No way! Liza just stole my plate of food 
"@danoliver hm. not in Switzerland, I'm afraid - regional controls  usual story. ho hum"
my braces are beginning to hurt now 
just did my test ride.....cant ride rollercoasters anymore 
"Wow, Farrah Fawcet's in her final stages of anal cancer, she only has a few hours left. How sad  Live ur life ppl! Make each moment count!"
"I'm sad/ sleepy bc my Peet's only filled my med. soy latte 1/2 way...and filled the other half w/ foam   I like foam, but not that much!"
@unbeliever008 thinking about u! Read thru my feed couldnt find the song   did u read the last dm I sent?
"@hairaddict_72 vacay is grreat! I could get used to this being at home thing... 4 awhile anyways! It's scorching hot here, not fun "
"but i like that you listened, that i taught you... |  i really need a cuddle  hopefully i can have a night in with J tomorrow.."
pretty muchh falling asleeep in this chair ; exhuasted is an understatement. 
My fever won't go away 
@hellorainbooow I miss you too Jhann 
"@atomictiki Listened yesterday. Hollywood-tone aside, when it comes to the business of the big two, there is some truth in what he says. "
@1capplegate Why!? Why did it get shut down!? 
"Okay, checkout the Orange Tour http://orangetour.org but not if you live in the northeast or mid-Atlantic like us  "
Changed my mind! drinking that Cappuccino made my stomach hurt 
Just got off a very ill filled night at work ..off to try and sleep since my friends internet is down.. missing @cronogenesis muchly &lt;3 
@annablackaby that's a sad story 
"G'morning! I'm sad cus my back hurts and cus @miltonsolano is sick  too bad he doesn't like soup, I have hella at home."
goood morning.  don't feel good.  
oh man i wana go gym but am to lazy today  i love you lauren well done 
@TraceCyrus I can't watch you tonight   I'm so sorry T.T
@MarWeinaay you are to fucken right! i love u girl n yes it will be great aw..n its my daddys bday today getting old hehe..miss u hun 
Missed My flight 
"Okay, I'm a @BeejiveIM lover, but I must say that Beejive 3.0 crashes as hell on iPhone OS 3.0 "
"I hear thunder, i see lightnining, i feel rain. "
is disappointed 
@justindemers that sucks. you can't win 
@amoutos You sound like an old woman falling apart  ........................... But at least you are MY old woman ;)  Love You Babe! :X
@coxys_opinions im gutted no killers in july or a holiday.   are TK playing in any Aus festivals?
summer freedom? ...... well not for me 
"Also, why am I so defensive about my humorless feminism? "
@1capplegate is the show coming back... one of my favs  its sad all the good shows get canned and csi has spinoffs
@Megzx me too! ah i'm so depressed  this girl on my twitter has a reply from doug and now tom!
Ughhh rendering rendering rendering.I have an actual video of my own to post but it's at home 
"@reruntherace aww, our poor pieces of glass  lost and forgotten.....and yes we can smash another one! (an empty one this time )"
I was probably insane to work out in this heat! Only got 2 miles in 
"Writing goodbye e-mails to people I've worked with over the last two years, getting a bit teary "
"after I tweeted my Buffet quote below, preggogals and ParentingHandA started following me.   "
Can't believe my sunglasses came 2day but I hav 2 wait 2 days 2 pick it up as no1 was in 
@grimmers i think my fringe is longer than yours!  but im not going to glasto cause i didnt get tickets 
"@Spinnerette Had a great time last nite, till I fainted TWICE and had to leave mid-show   I'm so upset!  You were GREAT!!"
@sgflutegirl So sorry to hear that 
OMG what a nightmare had to cancel my hair appointment ughhhh one of the hardest things to do 
how did i wake up with a headache? 
@CoastalLiving There's a bunch of new spam on the message boards now. 
same... evry softball game has been canceled! ugh! i wanna play! 
Of course the day I set aside to run errands and get shit done is the day they take FOREVER to deliver my new dryer 
HTC Hero is here (in europe   ) http://bit.ly/pqla5
Vacation is over! 
@Stace_meister I don't own a bike..  but i will be buying one soon. i requires another mode of transport. as soon as i can wear a helmet!
@mareodomo what why didn't you tell me about a new wale mixtape  is it as good as the mixtape about nothing?
I'm thinking about early lunch &amp; quilting time.......or headache meds &amp; sitting for a while. My head is throbbing 
i don't want to go to work today 
"The one morning I want coffee before I leave the office, is the morning there's no milk "
@mzjessicat how long are you staying Florida?! i have summer school 
"@mrPilat, nothing bad. p-nut's just away for a day or two getting his man-bits taken care of  it's soooo quiet here though. no jingles! "
@EricaCara  whats the matter?
gmail sms please come back to me. 
I am on a death watch for Farrah fawcett  She was such an big part of my childhood! (in glam tv star way)
Take me w. you Eric       Air aiming &quot;/
Just got in to work  
@MatthewStClair i knoooooooo!!!! lol 
"Hey guys! I'm up preparing for my new tour! I'm so excited, but I have to wake up early.  Follow me!"
@iammercymedical I can't access Jo Blo at work 
Andrea got separators on her teeth 
Felix will leave school. So sad about that  I will miss him .
@stephlandry awh poop  i hope you feel better.
@THEWORLD! NO!!  my family favors my sister. all i have is my grandma and cat. and they both don't speak english!
is getting sick of the spects... some1 tell me how to see better plz 
"summer just started and its not going good so far. cant wait to go out tonight, i really need to just chill with the new yorkers. "
@tequilasam that sucks. then tweetdeck isnt so convenient 
"it's 23.07pm, What? 23? hua fuck of this but still love "
"and i feel soooo jealous of ppl who get to go to more than one jb concert in a period of 2-3 months  god, i cant wait to get a job!"
"&quot;Welcome to the Titanium Mobile closed beta&quot;... now, if i only had the time "
"@FierceHugs NOOOO, no brownies yet.  I'm sorely disappointed too.    I'm not sure any brownies can top hers!"
@rach_e Looked at them but they are Â£30 more so was hoping to try and save myself a few quid. Not look likely though 
"@danipoynterjudd once again, you make me very very sad  maybe i should stop with the witty replies and just keep pestering them. lol"
that doggone hermes dogon wallet is haunting me! must resist ... 
Sigh. Just ordered lunch for delivery. Chained to the desk until Verizon shows up. May not be until 2:00 now.  
"Oh, also, I'm eating then going to another doctors appointment. "
Just had neighbour in telling me how she didnt sleep on Tue cause of my dog  feel guilty!!
@ideshab thanks mama i shall i wish u were going with 
Off to work then to put my apt complex in check bc they dont know how to file important info. Now they say i owe money 
Yum!  Nescafe Frappes are good!  (I should be working.  Not drinking.  Not tweeting.  But... but... but....  Oh.  )
My SAT scores suck 
It is pouring outside and I forgot to bring my umbrella. 
Good morning all! It's a beautiful 65 degrees in LA. We just woke up and are playing another tv show in an hour. Mornings= 
road trip w/ Jorie hour into the drive B96 is fading  tryin to get pumped for 11 hrs of work but @taylorswift13 is the pay off @ 11
@carole29 bettys = fail. I thought it was going to be awesome when i went but it was crap 
"Slesai sudah tanggung jawab gw d sma !!! Tnggal kuliah mamenn . Miss our laugh,jokes,depression  at school . Good bye all of u !! "
Rain  Where is the sun today?
Why am I not poolside? 
why has everyone but me seen the new transformers 
@Heather_Paige i will! i feel bad too cuz i was mean to him yesterday  n i wanted to &quot;apologize&quot; in a special way but the sandman got me!
wher'd you go i missed you so semms like its been forever since you've been gone 
NOOO!!!!  I just checked the weather and it looks like we may be getting T-storms starting around 6pm just in time for the NKOTB concert. 
"@neszlifeasmcrmy haha i want to give a big hug to bob too! XD no, i cant sleep  wbu?"
the msn website is down. I cant log onto my account. The bastards! 
Holy thunderstorm! Too bad I can't enjoy it  ...
"I'm up &quot;early&quot; today! I wanna do something, but I have no one to take me any where "
oww the dog hurt my face!   biscuits r yummy
@EarthWindFire82  OK Well let me ask you this much. You gonna come to the meeting sunday. Like I said I do need an assistant.
@myeverydayhero She's sleeping and she has a headache. 
"I'm ready for lunch, why does work have to be so dead so often??!? "
"@ontheoverpass boo  i see you like once every 7 months now, bullshit!"
@jamiedukes That was great Jamie. I wish you or someone can come here to the boys and girls club to speak with my teens. 
@KManCOBHC No SC either...  I miss you dudes!
thrilled to be going to Kir with the Bad Guy on Saturday night!!!!! Hope the dog will be quite at night...   
@Steph_JW Wow...that's not cool.  To be known as &quot;unknown&quot; 
"I am aching to go to Japan. Yes, aching. I feel it deep down in my heart. "
@PinkJoey joey i need to find him  its doing my head in lol.
"@ktsummer sorry to hear about your day  as  @supergrl95 said, we will work on getting you a prize pic of joe tomorrow night!"
is upset that there are no more british girls in the singles main draw at wimby  it should have been such a promising year!   
"@kevinism Yes, but your weekend is far more interesting than mine. "
"im sooooo tired  ., grrrrrrrrr., languages evening grrrrrrr., coz i really wanna make a foooooool outa myself in french :|"
Ugh. I cant find my glasses. 
@jamie_rosa i am!!! i hope you are too! where are you? i've seen no one all summer  hahha!
stomach ache suck. 
I'm all audited out 
@annabanaboo  i miss our ghost hunters dates lol.
"There's nothing to cook here! No eggs, no milk... what am I going to do  plus I'm broke so I can't go buy anything."
i wish i had loadsa money  y don't i?!?! WHY!
@NicciDGAF omfg... Im sorry to hear that   Nicci ill neva say it again!!
Sooo hot in H-Town!!! Yesterday was 106 degrees and we may reach the same today 
"My car reached 1,000 miles today  "
Awwwww :'( robert pattinson got beat up 
I feel sick. Really really sick....... 
"Dexter kept me up all night, so i fell asleep this morning and missed my first class "
"What the heck is wrong with this thing!!! Tried to change twit pic and it just keeps throwing me off internet, now have no pic at all "
it hurts 
@KlownDogg Yea they dont  hahaha
"@gedeon Please cleanup my email, too: http://www.artissoftware.de/pictures/mail.png "
Nnnooooooo!!!!! my bass peddle on my rockband drums broke!!!!! 
woke up early in hopes that i'll go to sleep early tonight... working 2 shifts tomorrow.. one in the morning then my usual evening one.. 
at one of my least favorite places  can u guess where?    http://twitpic.com/8doea treating myself to chipotle afterwards =]
how do you audition for shows on disney? ive been trying to find that out for forever. not like its gonna happen though 
Joe is calling the 1st pokemon cards &quot;old fashioned&quot;. I was their age when pokemon came out. I'm old fashioned I guess. 
I am a fiend and I don't like it 
sean is explaining how ghetto angels stadium is ghetto since some cop got shot in the head. 
its really dark outside and its only 12:10PM its going to rain 
Mom coming to the house... Uhhhh ohhhh cleaning pronto! 
Stupid bots - must be careful with tweets 
Wish I was at Glasto with a smoothie and a frozen yoghurt  Blur were absolutely incredible last night!
@X0gossipgirlX0 well not raining yet  and the sky keeps teasing me with very small patches of blue but looks  like rain again 
@spagetisamiches I would but I have to go to work at 1 
@coreykinder I miss you too! I'll be back in like a month or so! P.S. - I used to love getting bonus checks too but I don't have a job 
"work, work, work theo story of my life "
@yomamamamela  what happened
i learn Historie 
this thunderstorm ruined my plansss 
I saw the man who was drinking a new PEPSI on the train. I don't try to drink one...   Can you imagine the new flavor??
"boarding the plane, not off to a good start "
"Day 11 of an 11 day week. Finally. But, not gonna finish on time "
Oral test of english today 
"i have to use the little girl's room *soo* bad ... but as soon as i leave, my boss will come in &amp; think i've been gone all morning. wah. "
4-4 second set...Wozniacki is shit atm 
@cameez Yeah. I know. Darn Mr. Person 
"Funny that I have a new found love for 'Thunderstruck' and I think if I go outside today, I may ACTUALLY BE 'Thunderstruck'!! "
the hellicopter came back and like flew over my head 
"as usual alliance one, their question am I looking for a job? GAAAAAAAAAAAAD!! i got mad at them "
@bsemaj calll meeeeee 
Need to work on this. 
@sbmczh well thank you. But now we can't cuddle instead of getting rained on  (hug)
"Having just checked, I can confirm that my train ticket definitely does not say &quot;standing&quot; "
"I have finally decided to not renew my season Ticket, No more trips to Ewood Park every other weekend "
is working and its feels super hot inside for some reason 
"@thomasaugusto Aww, Karaoke makes me miss LA  That was just too much funnn!"
It is god forsaken hot outside. Wish i had a/c in my house and car 
my eyeball is scratched up!!! no contacts for a week  ... looks like i'll be blind for @judelarose and @natalie_la's weeding 
Oooooooh No Operation Anchorage today 
"The day is flying by!  It's not a particularly good work day for me, but at least 1/2 over.  Bring on the wknd...oh yeah I work Sunday.  "
"@robertwise ooh, wish I had one of those, but I cant eat it, cause Im allergic to gluten  Love them though!! you getting ready for Mexico?"
@swlambring Yes! I want to! I can't tonight though 
@Biscuit3mil all these months the MRSA is whats been makin me sick i didnt kno i had it till today  yh not really allowed to do anythin
"@BrodyDalle Had a great time last nite, till I fainted TWICE and had to leave mid-show  I'm so upset! You were GREAT!!"
"@naydeeen mommy, today ---- i woke up crying  i dont like it. stupid nightmares "
i want to be better so i can ENJOY summer. when your sick no one wants to be around youu 
"*shocked* i wanna go there, too... i don't like my sis right now "
"Ok, change of plan, the hair is not gettin done yet. The wizard sent me back to OZ and said come back at 2. Ugh. Rat bastard! "
Yes the last episode is filled with many changes for everyone. But we left it open bcuz we were convinced we were coming back. 
At work..carolines going to the beach without me oh well wedding festivities start tomorrow too..no more baby brother 
@Heather_Paige i know i know! bad bella  hopefully on my lunch break i can do a lil sumthn sumthn lol
@strawberishake have a safe flight home love! sorry we couldn't meet  next time for sure
feeling really shitty! 
@criticshateyou 
every year I keep thinking that it's on the 28th and I have no idea why! 
@GLCCJL  I hate that . . . My thoughts and prayers are for Farrah and her family.  
Had a piece of candy this morning.  Now I'm fat.  
Shits. Restart ang pc.  buffer again!
@OneChance2DSky memory was fuzzy...but now that i'm comparing -u look way better than her too  i'm sorry to have insulted you ms aubrey!
"@LdyDisney No.  Although she was awesome, I already have too many here. She needed a good home where she could be queen. ;)"
@happylovesChuck The usual. I'm at my university.  My exams are close...
"&amp; you know what, that phone call today fucking hurt. Something could have been worked out if given the chance. "
"@PixelExecution It really tends *not* to drop again, for me "
@ilove2blogg i know...i was broke and had work in the mornin.   how was it? Wat lifesavers were there?
@lishafan  what's wrong?
@withlovekristin I don't have a car today. 
I really want to get my old faithfuls fixed...I miss them! 
"Seems my so called friends called me a wanker and fucked off, I need to talk to someone "
@yunjae if not the saddest. 
Looking for a home for a puppy 
@GoonrGrrl I'm gutted I'm not at Glasto this year. It's painful following @glastofest and looking at all the twitpics from the site 
"I gave up in updating about my msia klg trip. And I have got a large number of pictures to upload too. One word to describe, L-A-Z-Y. "
@Evil_Sorceress Tehe enjoy your drink ;oD Yum@ chips! Would love some! But too fattening for me  lol I told u my german was crap lol x
The emptiness lingers no matter what i do 
Out for lunch and I do not want to go back. 
I still have a headache from 5am and I feel like I am losing my mind....I am heading home soon 
@MojoLabs Did you send my drive ?Cause I still didn't receive it yet 
@peterfacinelli the contest website doesn't seem to be working-if you get to enter in your info it crashes when you try to submit it 
@lawrencedenes I don't think I did.  It crashed again the first time I got a new email. I can't seem to find an answer online either.
getting ready to head to work. i rather lay in the pool 
My dad put my ipod in the wash! now it doesnt work 
Im sitting here lost in transition  this wordpress is bugging me and I will not stop till I figure it out grrrh
Put &quot;invisible shield&quot; on new iphone. Involved misting shield with water. Now can't use my new phone for &quot;12-24 hours&quot;. Hmmmmm  
I have a premonition.. My plan 2 go 2 Bandung this weekend with my friends will stay as a plan.. There's no chance 4 us to make it real.. 
"@ceruleagos I woke up to phone going off. I looked, and I responded apparently... Then passed back out.  sorry "
@girlgetstrong2  Mine are off from June 1st to August 12th.  Our summer gets shorter and shorter too.  
@rrohac Oh no...now jury duty???  This is NOT your week 
I cant believe I have a cold AND hayfever. Typical! Gahh. I hate being ill 
is very very sad!!!! her vmc class is coinciding with her cousin's ring ceremony... 
I'm so going to bed now. I need to work tmr. 
"is back off to work .... split 2day, through 2mrw and full day sat w/ a wedding "
http://bit.ly/XmvY3   Entrevista com Theo Becher 
@mattodonnell so how come I didn't know you were gonna be in Boston?  I was looking forward to seeing you in Nashville!!
it's hailing outside! Eeeek 
"@WendyGYoung @WendiTV Green is #iranelection liked ST alien woman look, the heart says #Neda 4 young woman who was gut shot "
@HollyFitness Aw he is so cute!! what's been going on lately? You seem down.  
@kennysnow PrezBO is counting on YOU to not know what a trillion is.   
Ive been jumping between MMOs for so long I don't know what to do with myself when I realize I don't want to play any of them. 
"Patience is not a virtue that I possess! I've tried to be patient, but it's been 4 days now &amp; I'm beginning to get pissed off! "
"@jonaskevin - just ordered 2 of your albums, saving up for the new one! excited. they are coming from the US though "
"I have a kidney infection, oh joy "
@aroseofthanks im too tired to dance hahaha. the weathers so good and noones there to share it with 
"has been eating all day, gosh my stomach hurts    can't wait for singapore this summer... ANYONE wants any presents? :d"
I lost 0.5% of my brain cells thanks to the fusion process on my forehead which I cannot stop 
Have a test in Informatic tomorrow.. I don't understand anything 
@DanielleThomps lol ook sorry but everythings going good..how bout you its been forever 
looking through pictures of grandpa jim.. he was such a funny guy. i'm going to miss him 
you're not the same anymore. 
i'm super sad. I don't wanna go to work 
watchin divided.. got a headache 
"@1capplegate sounds like my name is earl, i really dont get why they cncl the best shows "
"@RiaMathew How were the lava cakes? And could you mail details of the course you're joining?? I'd love to go with you, but I have exams "
bored...bad day yesterday...wana go swimming but i cant...  
@kshakya this is damn good than Iphone and G1. Even has twitter and FB integrated!!! Damn US always late in releasing good products 
"Spinnerette were GREAT last night, bummed I missed part of it, I fainted 2x  How was the merch? I wanted a shirt! Brody ROCKS!! That VOICE"
@OMG_Ponies There may be some truth in what you say but I still think Microsoft is screwing us users 
rats!  the &quot;waterproof surgical tape&quot; I bought is just fabric tape...and doesn't look very waterproof.    #woundcare #vasculitis
realizes my dreams in life are becomin just that...dreams 
feeling a bit down in the dumps  need someone to make me laugh!
"Well im just starting up soccer again, my back was screwed up for a long time  hbu?"
Nothing &amp; am Starving 
sian school is going to reopen on monday 
I want to sleep more!!!!!!!  getting up tho.
@iRala PLS Do a Brandy song! Boom! Come on I need some inspiration..in a funk!!! 
My dad and my stepmom are fighting all the time 
Any Actionscript/XML gurus out there want to take a project off my plate? No time to finish it  I'll pay you.
"@JoeSteinworth no, short, what did you do?  Only poop from now on huh..... Well that not fun "
Feeling a little guilty for sorta homewrecking.  But it was sooo worth it!
"@amitsaha: Sorry, that didn't do the trick either. It seems that the Flash plugin can't cope with multiple microphone channels "
@pyromantik NO! I didnt wanna go near it 
@Abhishek_Tiwari lmao nah just that I woke up super late  its was 8:30am lol and went to sleep early
I think I'm getting a new phone today... Hopefully. 
http://twitpic.com/8doz7 - They're throwing away all our toys 
"life is such a BITCH, i'm def sick of it "
i want Domino's pizza. but they dont deliver to my house and my mums car's not working. fabulous! 
My break should consist of dancing  I wanna daaannceee
"Damn, have to take the test again  "
Goodmorning Twitter babes! I've had such a hectic morning! I've just had time 4 my twitter loves!   Okay so today I wasn't going to go 2
@1capplegate ok! Never mind! You answered my ? in the last tweet! BUMMER! 
"rain, rain. go away "
I think I am the only person who is enjoying today's brain based learning lecture... that is fine.  I'm used to being weird ha! Thirsty 
"&quot;there can be miracles, when you believe.&quot; i do believe but it never happens. "
Ian's working late tonight 
@wiiskey   I definitely remember East Coast summers.
Very sad and Hoping for a miracle and a good sign  Going to church to Pray for Big brother...
@RickyDeHaas that's so much!  well I haven't left yet bcoz it's still early but I'm not sure what time I'll come back before dark though
"Woke up so late that the mail was already here, which means no new Netflix movie til Monday---boo! "
"futuretweets# come back Margaret Mountford, all is forgiven "
All the people I really want to have lunch with live in other states. Or countries. Big 
my left wrist hurts 
@dublinblondie That's a very scary change to make go current conditions though 
@TheEliteJustin I am feeling better. So much better I'm now being forced to go to work. It's sad 
BALLS. how much is time?  I wanna buy.
downloading mcfly covers onto my iPod. depressed cuz i have to go through a whole week without twitter 
My vacation from work is almost over 
@meaningful Really hard to fix the screw ups done to video releases  .  Will let you know when I manage to find a fix.
Sittin at v &amp; Kelly house kinda bored v in shower &amp; Kellys outside on phone 
I am so freakin sore today! My personal trainer earned her $$$ last night.  Hoping I can move around today  #pain #fitness #ouch
@MicaR: I saw those clouds whip past Galt an hour ago... But no rain  . . . . .
Woke up too early  Oh well. Might as well start getting ready...although I'm tired!!!
RIP Swells.  always rated his writing in my formative years.
but tomorrow still got a lot of work to do.. 
@Olivia_Clark_xx i wish i wasn't busy this weekend.  it would have been so fun.  tomorrowwwwwwwwww is friday.
is going to work again  !!! xxx
mufti day is the worst daaaay ever 
cause i dont live in america 
Just left home depot goin placess . Surgery tommrw 
"had a looooong meeting and is too beat for the night market.  Oh well, will be back eventually. Now, more work!"
going to bed now! it is so late! 
@wyld0323 i knoww !! its soo lonely here 
is working tonight...3-8...boring...no celly... 
Why can't my dreams be real? 
@ireton sounds like she most likely won't be going. She was still looking at flights a few weeks ago but it wasn't looking good. 
Not ready for work 
Ugh. Don't want to go to work tonight. 
@3rdparty They also don't support bank transfers IIRC  Paypal is still the most ubiquitous / least bad (don't .. http://bit.ly/B7dsU
YOUtube is f-ing up!!  It's not playing my songs 
the lone representative for mu's spj chapter @ cincy's spj event 
T-storms are squashing my hopes to hit the #appalachaintrail this weekend 
Oh noes! @mustloveanimals thinks there is something wrong with me  I been going 25+ hours and not feeling tired at all...
@1capplegate  x100. I'll miss the show.
Forecast said it would be cloudy only but it's pouring over here!  And there are no rubber boots here to go splashing in puddles.
@partywithneha ohh yea...Everyone enjoys Voyeurism...those who say no are simply lying.... ;-)  but u didnt give me updates yaar.... 
I am trying not to cry when I think about the fact I will not be seeing Cat/Yusuf tonight. It makes me so darned sad.  If Lindsay Lohan
They're re-paving Transit Rd. And the smell is unbearable. That black top tar smell makes me sick. 
is hating that today is going by so slow 
@1capplegate We will watch your last episodes for sure  So sad your show is cancel  We loved Sam Who Will you be doing another show???
"@duhitsemelia well if I could I'd have my friends go to  D-land with me, but no  ..."
@kimsedman ive just burnt myself on mmy nooodles 
"@kyork20 gave me his gross cold! headache, sore throat, stuffy nose, cough...so sick "
@Sisker12  im sitting eating my lunch all by myself  my pal is not here..she want to wendys... Eff wendy
"everyone is going away  and i'm still stuck in puchong.. will really miss all of them.. and to one particular person, &quot;PLEASE DON'T GO ..."
is hoping there are still nice people in the world...they just dont live near me! 
Storm Coming In 
Kicked ass on this test! Not looking forward to finishing my project tomorrow 
"At home, wondering where the hell everybody is!! "
@isabella_xo Why aren't you TWEETING?  
Shouldnt presribed eardrops make things better? Only making things worse for me 
@DENISE_RICHARDS man you guys are early birds.. I couldnt drag my butt out of bed to work out this morning at 6 
Why do I keep having recurring dreams where I'm falling from buildings or in car accidents? 
A small correction to that article: W/BN president's bike is not his _primary_ mode of transportation any more... 
Can't wait for my interview! Hopefully its a paid internship 
@hellodlo I'm still down I think. My hours got cut so I don't know if I'll have enough cash.   I'll keep you posted.
Just got off the boat   my foot hurts. back to reality ughhhhh
I'm feeling a tad bit self concious...I hate these days 
has had a real bad day 
@rainnwilson Are you working on any new films? Having no new episodes of 'The Office' really kills me 
@assante I think he is at work. but his laptop is not working right now 
"I am so hungry, haven't eaten anything since like 9 AM "
"@MorganD21 really transformers was good? was going to go last night, heard it was horrible, so we didn't go. now i feel like i missed out "
"@nicolewilson I wish you could be here, toooo. "
@SoWavY45 ya i know...i would go somewhere else but I have to be here 
ugh my mom is makeing read the book or i cant go to PR if i dnt finish well im lieing pshh!! THE WORLDS WORST BOOK HASTA BE FINISHED 
Omg.. In mandatory agency mtg. We're mostlikely going to be paid in &quot;iou&quot;'s in 2 wks! This goes for All state employees 
"Did Farrah really pass away? If so, how sad "
"or Perez Hilton, or any other hipster come lately ends up there, I will be so darned sad.  I know I am whining, but darn it!"
@writerspry Can all theaters even support 3D? Think it'd limit sales. Also hated 3D in Coraline (didn't work right). Don't make me choose 
@sushiannnn I'm drawing like nobody's business too 
Can't seem 2get back into the swing of things here- feel very lethargic and tired 
Fed up with Windows 7! Feels like its same old vista wine in new bottle!  Learn microsoft! Learn from the mistakes. Going back to Ubuntu.
Getting my braids taking out.Bye bye braids 
Bob (the dog) in neighbours dies  bad times
Going to the orthodontist. Its too early. 
been too busy this week to play any golf after work    hoping to get out tomorrow though!
"@peterfacinelli I keep trying to enter, but keep getting a Drupal off-line error when i submit it "
Is mad that she can't keep her old number 
bored out of mind nothing to do sept chat network i'm usin down for some reson wish i'd brought some thing to read sigh  waah
-its 80 degrees already and I am driving to work!  but I do have a tasty santiagos burrito calling my name!-
@4evaurgirl which is almost impossible 
"Unsubscribing from some podcasts.  It makes me sad, but I can't find the time "
@AttorneyHogan wow did i tweet that?? good business! but nah i paid the ticket apparently florida law says u have to pay nomatter what 
@veee &amp; @paulmasek I can't laugh at the fake card thing anymore... got caught out the other day at a trains station with my solo 
I know I should pack...but too lazy to 
@mcrmom614  Vacation soon!
"gah, i HATE my shaky lineart.  i could do it all in vector form, but that would feel like cheating "
"everyone is going away  and i'm still stuck in puchong. will really miss all of them. and to one particular person, &quot;PLEASE DON'T GO!&quot; "
@roseahmad i don't thinkn she's onlinee girllllllllll 
@streetlevelfoto dude i agree totally Re: not liking it 
"@missconway What where u doing up at 3am? Crazy girl!  Do U have a full service concert?  I wish I did   I need my fix,NK Withdrawl sucks!"
Cleaning!!!!! 
I'm a horribly irresponsible person worthy of no ones help. Not even my parents.I feel overwhelmed 
"is feeling pants and is stuck in work, arh i want 2 go hone "
I'm at the doctor's in my boxers waiting to be seen 
Anyone ever have one of those days where you get to work and find out your undies r on backwards? This is why I don't wear boxers... 
oh its soo boring. i must leran for school 
I suck in putting on nail polish by myself. It'll be super messy! 
"was wrapping things in bubblewrap, guess which song i got in my head?! couldnt listen to it though-my ipod was already packed "
My grandma is going to be in intensive care for the next week. I hope she gets better soon 
Finally trading in my Wrangler.  Sad but has to be done.  It's going to suck not driving her...damn transmission.
I have bought a lovely russin doll dress from Polly yay! But have also burnt little circles on my shoulders boo 
@ktsaurusrex  sorry about your ankle. i seem to always fall up or down the stairs when carrying laundry!
"@TweetRamona Let's face it, dogs own us "
@Leebeadell I wouldn't know  No one shared their's ;)
I feel strangely ill for some reason right now. Head hurts. Probably anxiety. 
@iaintnohomo I hate that bitch so much. 
my tv is not working   
"@CharliePodge awww baby that sucks  mine was ok, jjust falling asleep, are you gonna be able to eat before swimming? Can't go hungry xxx"
It is 87 outside! Boy is it HOT! I wish I could go swimming but the pool is down. 
feeling very upset at what has just broken 
still trying to finish stupid contracts and marketing stuff.  wishing i was taking a nap instead. 
@RyanSeacrest just caught latest E! episode with courtney love's skinny picture..it scares me so much!  
How was i to know id miss you?  shut up britney spears...lol
@jimmysmithtrain yep! Its acting super weird for me! 
I am waiting to get the call to go and pick up Gio  
OMG. Church posts &quot;Gay Exorcism&quot;  video on Youtube. Poor kid.  http://bit.ly/2duba
@_angieruiz you won't be here for my birthday this year. 
"wish me luck guys, off to comp now :S got butterflys. and an empty tummy  LOL shall get some chips there ;) @boonTING get well soon - ilux"
I want to see taking back sunday again.  two times just isn't enought for those lovelies
Couldn't get out of bed this morning to work out  Feeling Guilty
@huey0929 I can't call right now sweetie...  i'm not on break yet... i'm sorry... :'(
@andcalebsays Why don't you text me back 
@mipo777 sorry man your in the wrong state 
getting really sick of nelena fans. i have no problem against them but when they start bashing people who don't deserve it... 
I've just ruined my favorite pair of work pants. 
SUMMER! but I'm sick 
The geekette got her new toy!! BIG dillema! Installing laptop or drinks at #SDNevent ??? guess the laptop has to wait untill the weekend 
Blairs been taken into hospital 
@alexcashcash i would go if it wasnt like 3 hrs from my house 
@BlackMagic1515 :O tis all i know to 
Finally we had some sunshine again..still my thoughts are with the ones that had to suffer bc of the floods 
@Evil_Sorceress I can only stay with her if her in laws are back in turkey for a holiday  but I am sure she would join me at RingCon!
@skylos That's too bad 
and it's not even sunnny! it's so cloudy it looks about 7pm. whheerreeee is my summmerr?!  this succkkksss.
@C_S15 But are you in any way surprised OA didn't launch today? Another job well done SCEE 
"Sign of the times: Hub's in the printing biz, same place 20 yrs, had to take vacay days all week, no work  Plus, he's driving me nuts!"
"@Meli22 Yeah, but now that I think about it, I think I jinxed it by taking that pic... Shit!, its gonna start raining any minute now...  "
"@ramblelite mhm, they really hurt me  and i have to go back soon for another test to see if i need surgery.."
Just got back from the doctors. This poison ivy sucks so bad. 
"@KellyHGay   I feel for you, darn cursed vehicles."
"all of these pictures from @twilightlexicon make want to go to forks, really really bad.. sighhh "
i'm bored! no one talk to me or reply me back 
@emokid_bastian 
@mikefranklin Nope. Sun is nice an' all. But I don't deal well with heat. 
Waiting for the first Nuke. 
really wants to meet taylor lautner! 
*Sighs.* My &quot;communication&quot; card isn't working today.  
@goodrocker yum! I'm having water..by myself 
feeling sort of down for no apparent reason  :
....why is he always in my dreams.........  
@dad_artist_blk That's really sad   The N word part...
Suggestion Contest: Suggestion: Don't sell the game then disappear.  That's shitty. http://bit.ly/ml6sC
Last year I drew my plans for 'My little Baphomet' http://pics.livejournal.com/nomadfox/pic/0000r0cx Hasbro didn't return my calls. 
Feeling very very sick... Going back to the doctor so they can check if I have mono... 
Have hit a snag with race wheels for Sunday.  
wetpaint editing horribly broken in chrome 
"@Keskiyo Aw, jealous!  I'm still at work "
"@the_haumean If it makes you feel any better, at least they're not girls... but then again, maybe gay guys are like girls? Sorry. "
"passed the first section of the P&amp;C insurance test, but barely failed the other.   I'll try again next week."
I am so upset. 
I love the fact my 11mo has a regular nap schedule...but I miss being able to go to my LLL meetings 
delhi gonna have a major powercut/blackout soon. 2200 hrs the time given officially.  fingers crossed
I hate these Freakin....Bugs....gotta get more spray~ 
"@Aboogie1988 Shut up. Im not stupid. And my nose is stuffy, that's what I get for talking about you. "
So very tired 
@eclecticxmanda @Dustinnnn i dont think i'm going to go to Duluth.  
Why hadn't to tell me that earlier?  I would do anything to see the &quot;cute&quot; dog again 
@anthonymoyles i should really try think of different usernames.... 
i can't decide on a picture for my very special twitter account 
"New Green Guide email asks readers to follow them on Twitter w/ no link back to their Twitter profile.  For the record, it's @NGGreenGuide"
They are adding all kinds of new quizzes! LOL Can't take them at work...our web filter won't let me!  
 not feelin well
Nails broken. No after party dress. Sun burnt. What more could go wrong... 
I was oblivious to a bike press conference at Eastside Esplanade head at Steel Bridge this AM. Report is they handed out free bike bells. 
Getting an MRI today.. Not excited 
no countdown because it is only 4.6% per day this trip 
We had a great party with a foam machine today at school! It was really fun except of the fact that my hair curled because it got wet 
My heart broke into pieces... 
...and the power went out again...right in the middle of my highscore drumoff of everlong on ghwt 
@bevinkathryn My phone doesn't want to let me see twitpic atm 
@ZruL bah bah..night call! (Woot) I promise I won't cancel it! HAHAHAH. but I'm lonely  
still no job ! money wearing out very fast ! 
Soooo... Im changin the name for eyeshadow &quot;Arab $&quot; bc apparently the word Arab is not so P.C. ..didnt know :/ ... so now I need a name 
@_Goose_ yeah i know its like a have to see on twitter..i can imagine how it clogs up your phone. blahh.  ive tried unfollowing peeps&gt;
i wanna go back to cancun  the people on the real world this season are SOOO lucky
"@Cathy_lee7 thx, but I never get anything for free "
Had a busy day and have sore feet. 
@DannyDichio Are you retiring at the end of the season? It will be a real shame! 
i cna't find the string quartet tribute to creed anywhere 
Just my luck ! Its going to rain on my prom day 
@superwife yeah-we treat it with medication twice daily but he still gets them from time to time  breaks my heart every time... miss u! &lt;3
@dp4 I stopped with the hair color after it once turned out way too dark. Friends told me I looked like a Romulan on Star Trek. 
"@The_Style_PA I use a fan, but it's giving me chapped lips "
"Just got off the phone with the mechanic. Starter alone is $300, then plus labor... I am screwed. "
"@AndyMcCullough sorry, I had to  "
"Just woke upp, Luke has to work  Making eggs!"
It's so sad when people unblock internet just to block it again in 5 secs. No time to even search for radio stations 
I'm behind the times...  RIP Sky Saxon 
@cheeChingy Good luck! I had one lousy interview few days ago. 
"I wanna make some quiz,but my net dont let me doooo :~ POOR MEEEEEE! "
I DON'T WANT TO DO A &quot;WRITE THE TAG ON A PIECE ON PAPER AND POSE WITH IT&quot; PHOTO 
"i am home alone.. no kids, all by my lonesome self "
"@jennlajeunesse i have felt like it, my body knows it too and that's the saddest part "
'Honey' the chicken was attacked today by two dogs!! Poor thing  She has now got a bare bum and 8 stitches from the vets!
THEY EFFING LEFT? COME BACK COBRA 
I want my Mini 10v now....waiting takes too long. 
@twin504 wish you were here!!!! 
my tummy hurts. 
Just ate lunch...so full 
Coffee not working. 
"I know that last tweet had a hint of sarcasm, but I was completely serious. I have a chapstick addiction and thats my favorite kind "
is trying very hard to hold back tears.  - http://tweet.sg
nobody joined my followers list today  ..
has done a lot of work today. The bedroom is very dull now 
It's So Hot In Missouri! Wait It's Not Hot It's Humid! 
I feel a little dizzy today 
is about to straighten my hair. it's hot outside today! 
and i miss naz. 
@joshuabarbour Party time! Our Show tomorrow got cancelled 
"off to see my girls, last time for 5 days "
"@YuYu85 I wish i liked them! haha. I wish i was any good at them! But, I'm not "
Hi Cesar.  Thanks for the info. Hate to say it but you can buy it new now with a warranty for $100.I  have the first one and I paid $600. 
My I &lt;3 August bracelet fell off.  Good thing the beads are neon and sparkly.
@Sofy_Love_JB not!! 
@innik - i think i actually owned a pair  (i wnt mention the brand name and embarss myself lol) 
It is always a mistakes to read your email while on vacation. Work just seeped into my blissful world. 
Meeko has to get surgery. Poor kitty. 
@MakeupLoveer oh no!! that is terrible  xxx
@daddysbaby10 I Miss You! 
"CHILDREN ARE THE WORST. lord, beer me strength "
@Chet_Cannon I was gonna watch it today too. But gotta register for classes. 
@dawncabreros @BabsyA You don't miss me?  I'll try to show up tomorrow.
@peterfacinelli Just tried to enter the contest..Site is down for technical problems 
my phone is not charging  i miss my baby already.  this is awful.
I think I missed @ItsOnAlexa 
had a bad day . . .  http://plurk.com/p/13xumj
Was gonna update new laptop to Windows 7 RC but forgot.....no disc drive  it seemed like a good way to save money but now i'm not sure
"Week at the beach almost over   It has been a wonderful trip; celebrated father's day, James' birthday, and Anne's lunch w/ the girls."
home on my lunch break.  too hot to ride a bike.  glad my car is fixed.  which i could say the same for the ac.  
It needs to rain 
@Hoffm Agreed... my classroom has no a/c so I am dreading the &quot;she sure sweats a lot&quot; evals to come. 
vets are expensive 
"wondering what makes some people think stealing is ok. Stold my ipod from the 4 runner, climbed in the back window during the night "
@jennaynayy I just got my hair cut. 
@PixelTrevor i just shat myself..my power went out then on and my xbox had 3 red ring parts..but i switched in on again ad it was fine 
so much pain 
"still at work, meeting... Boring! "
Another trip to the hospital tonight 
"Got an email back on a job, and I think I mistook a real writing job for a 'steal &amp; rewrite' job. Talk about killing my front page buzz. "
sad that I got screwed out of going to EDC this weekend.... 
@Michael_Brandon Bummer!  Wish we were going to SF Pride!! 
Going to waste the day being upset 
Internet still broken.  BT sending engineer tomorrow. Fingers crossed.
Goddd i h8 it wen my mum taks out myy STUPID bruvaz anga out on mee it relli pisses  me  (ANGRIIIII)!
@getoutofmyband I feel you. I have a long day today as well. 
I MUSTA SLEPT THE WRONG WAY CUZ MY NECK IS JACKED UP!!! I NEEDA MASSAGE 
At work. Enjoying another overcast morning.  Shelley need coffee.
@jusluvinlife lmao... u gotta wait for ma new phone.. LOL ma cam is cracked 
ahhhh I dont want to go to work!!  
"Oh well, we're out of the heat, but when we go home, have to face a 'cooling bill.'  The people staying at our house said A/C went out!!  "
@kira5472 I swag when I surf lol ATL huh??? That's wass up....its pouring down here sucks  what do you have going for today???
@angelicmischief @mikasounds ... andi .. your right .. the donkey looks less than golden and it looks sad 
"no more myspace not atleast for awhile, got blocked "
Just landed and the sun is no where to be found! 
@KhloeKardashian working booo 
@_hayles Aww  don't! You'll jinx it. what time is it there? haha me..a  dirty minx? neveeeeeeeeeeer. xxx
@melbrehl totally true I'm afraid! Was bullied big style throughout school &amp; even in my first job 
"the price to pay to look bit better, is blistered feet and bloody feet "
so I finally gave into Twitter and created a new private account to follow specific individuals  sadly TweetDeck isn't updating my groups
On my way home 
"Just mowed part of the yard today &amp; got overheated fast. I could blame humidity, but I think a lot of it has to do with &quot;I'm outta shape&quot; "
@manomio too bad BASIC had to be removed ... darn Apple! what are they afraid off?  #C6W
holy feck -looks like I'll be doing a ton of unpleasant driving later today. 
Watched transformers 2 last night. unfortunatly tvshack's video of it sucked half way throught the sound went out 
my ipod can stop this restore to factory setting nonsense whenever it wants 
i burnt my alphabites 
Wishing I could be a part of an extreme church makeover!! 
is home alone for the next 5 hours and feels like shit. puke. 
Sports Day tomorrow. woo! 
friend says i look like a butch with my new hair cut 
Kinda bummed that all the stuff I've worked on in the past week I'll have to turn off in IE due to bugs 
@petewentz pls tell me u guys will make a new album i am sitting in my room cryin my eyes out if u r done i hav nothin to livr for 
@Orbitz nooo!  i'm despairing.    next time!
@irenecarag i already took drawing 3 na ehhhh 
"@inblueink Basij is a dangerous organization, I am just worried for ordinary people "
I NEED A CHOCOLATE CAKE 
@beckyg2319 BECKY! i miss our poolside drinking from last summer! and why haven't i seen you since I've been home??? 
@wordwhizkid Wish I could come. 
damn i cant seem to have enough discipline to do my hw 
"Tomorows the 26th of june,the day they first met.the 26th november is when he got in the accident  rip Mo.I miss u"
love you daddy.. you're my favourite photographer.. i'm so sorry.. i will behave.. i know you need my support.. 
My lunch buddy is sick. I get to have lunch alone again.  No fun 
DH is busy with camp for teens interested in medical profession. I haven't seen him in days.  We're just four legs twining in the night. )
@ravenxtragedy nothing to do in Centre de Flacq either 
"day after the bday, not as fun "
"@Gen22 The inspirational music for the solution!  You cant?  Ok, so tonight I will try to find time for a blip for you. I do not forget ;)"
Forgot my headphones at home... Looks like no TWiTs at work today  #squarespace
@fubar2u_2000 We have only 2 weeks left at I-Media :O Losing you all over again  *Sad face* :L
"Well u forgot is cool I walked u to the car the last time saw u, wanted a kiss but u dised me "
have to go look for a job today... that's gonna be funn 
i wish pumpkin scissors had more awesome eps that lame ass ones 
talkinq on the fone wit babyfeet he so mean 
I'm already sick of work. 
I Like Miami Respect NY but I Looooove California. I wanna go home 
i'm soo sad... i lost my starbucks voucher thingy  no caramel frappucino  for me
I love how everyone around the GTA is getting thunder and rain besides me. Always manage to miss it. 
i watch @jonasbrothers the concert experience again. many scenes were cut. its like the one i watched was an extended version. not in 3d 
Unbelievably hot in the office today and the fan is just circulating hot air 
@DisneyDean @KristenWDW I always dreamt abt goin but I never got to go as a little girl  I was actually hooked on Disney when I was 4!
well......had the midwife today and the evil evil woman gave me my anti d jab which hurt like hell  but its all for the baby. i think  ...
I have been unsuccessfully trying to study for EIT exam for many months now.  Today is no different.  
@wahlamora I'm really sorry I couldn't be there! I miss ya and wish I could've been but had to go to the hospital 
is feeling rather sad about being one child down for the week! 
I just realize that I am the stupidest person in the world. 
it's already midnight 
@windysmeets long story  I can't graduate this yearr http://myloc.me/5Cfl
@stuckindagroove i cant believe he would do something like that to you.. Getting ur heart broken is the worst thing ever 
"@LiquidFyreGames is that for private or public view when it's done? This close to the last update, I could imagine some less nice reviews "
Hmm. The fridge in the break room appears to be broken. Guess I better hurry up and eat my yogurt 
"IÂ´m lonley, not even my dog want to spend some time with me "
@Lyonn yeah  night for the whole wk and on sun. Sighhhh
@junkiecat Me grass is starting to crunch. 
Just going through my promos for the  weekend &amp; after 45mins I've only found 1 useable track! Where are all the BIG summer tunes hidding? 
"yo, morninnnnn! didn't go to sleep until lateeeee  i can never sleep in in my room! fml"
@touchmusic sounds great! shame i don't use itunes 
Been feeling kind of down lately..... Wondering wth amy is doing and why she won't holla at me anymore. BFD i guess. 
Just woke up. Missed class because I got 0 sleep last night.  
@shannonleetweed wow I live in Phoenix (for the time being-moving to Cali). It's HOT as hell here 
Freedom is a week ahead 
"I need my daily waaalk aint bitchin faair  I'm eatin, I'm stuffin my face, I'm overdosin on sweets what more do I have to doo! Bloody hell"
"@michelehbc sorry i never called back last night, i work tooooooo much now, didnt get out till after 11 "
"@ninghil Yeah..  struggling right now, for real. Gawd. Katawa. We have to talk about this bullcraps. LOL"
ispunk@ i wish you could be here for it too 
"At work in the OR today, I was late so I had to floa "
"oh god, now i really miss her so much "
"is going to work again.  Yay, another 8 hour shift. "
"Feel incomplete...but I don't know how to change what's up  And it's not cause #superman64 isn't trending topic, as far as i know anyway"
today i have to go get my report card from school--- i wish i could of slept in longer  AND HOPEFULLY transformers 2 tonight!! XD
@RedVelv toronto - seminar/course thing. Its raining now 
back from bristol... feel sorry for everyone else on the coach that brokedown 
thinks that some things in life are inevitable...like being in love with the wrong person 
@Kooli3GyaL  lmao. Oh man. Fuck I burnt my finger. Ahhhh. Todays not my day. 
@kimiah39 no good bands 
going to graduation ceremonies are kind but they suck 
think I have yet another kidney infection 
@crazykelliemae aww haha. im sorry  lol. i would txt u a pic of bella BUT OH WAIT your phone is broken. Lol.
"&quot;You may have a free trip to Croatia. Oh, actually no you can't.&quot; "
The Gosselins are divorcing. (I just found out) How sad for the kids. 
http://twitpic.com/8dq3x - I won this in an online contest...I was trying to win a new Banjo 
@londonsymphony lots of music down here (we never stop!) but rarely big names and never free like todays proms based initiatives. 
works hard to get every tune perfectly! I have to work in a stupid store in July! Will not have much time for music! 
I WANT TO BACK OUT OF KOREA 
@xstefanielee getting fatter alr!! should stop eating... HAHA 
@amber_benson I didn't even know about the Common Rotation show for some reason. Sad I missed it 
"Today, I am belt- less  in Bellevue, WA http://loopt.us/ASc8fw.t"
Smh damn tweople the sun is burniNg me literally! I'm light skinned in my shoulders &amp; torso 
Leaving your phone in a taxi when you have been playing rekids for 4 hours really SUX balls  O well thank god for insurance
Can I go home yet 
and i cant eat any of it 
@heidimontag  i would call it my favorite song or i wouldnt say i liked it....sorry 
camp last night was actually pretty fun. shana hurt her knee again tho.  im watching hercules with bren right now. im hungry.!
damn!!! that skirt!!! hmm!!! i totally freaked out!!! hmm maybe thats not for me  cross fingers for the shopping of shoes tom.! haizzz. .
Wow it was so prettty out and now its gross 
"just had a magnum temptation chocolate, overrated...  will stick to G&amp;T now on..."
i need money 
Now craving strawberries....wonder why...Trying to enter the contest but it's busy  Help Peter Facineli
@verticalviolet i wish i could..i work till 530 
stressed....... i cant believe shes already a week old....  
I am trying very hard to eat all my favorite things before my mouth is out of commission for 3 days. Pudding and jello here I come! 
"headache, headache, headache, headache "
it's 93 degrees out but feels like 115 
"Its raining  its pouring, good bye sunshine "
"@A_P_Vladimir Sadly, I'm not sure I've ever BEEN in a proper pub (or improper, for that matter) "
"@JKMyth erf, so sorry to that  So when is that happening?"
watching the degrassi episode where JT dies. so sad 
not going back.  Got sick while trying to get ready.  I REALLY didn't want to use a whole PTO day today 
wHY IS NO ONE VOTING!  http://bit.ly/12t79t
"Nancy Pelosi ramming an Energy Tax Bill H.R. 2454 that could increase all of our energy bills by over $1,500 a year  "
@eyaekasari @iyya long story how to say???!!  *goshhh i even can't say to you guyz   http://myloc.me/5CgJ
"meh, still ill. bad times. "
Today is one of the days I consider giving up acting. Seems to be going nowhere for me. 
@phages I don't  I had one random shift last night at Aritzia thoughhh
The day I try to sleep in there's a maintence guy standing on our back porch pressure washing. 
Damn it! Bruno is an 18  gutted!
before the storm.. i had plans! blaaah 
NEW twitter.. old: xMasquerade ..i couldnt sign into it 
Dustin hugged me goodbye and my necklace hurt me. Hes so tall now my baby cousin is growing to fast 
@MAD_Evolutions lol. Damn it. I just burnt my finger. 
@stimulacra ouch. 
"Wimbledon app however is pretty good (needs wifi), Maria Sharapova is out though "
i gotta go 2 the orthadonist 2day  i dont wanna go!! lol! but we're havin a big bday party 4 my dad 2night and we get 2 swim and eat cake!
@MzMadelin me 2 prima I was supposed 2 go on Tuesday but didn't make the bus 
"so here i am , tweeting to y'all again, like i said this morning. school has ended and i feel rather tearful! "
@cecilguy Why not use LiveJournal? 
srry i have not been on in a while i have been busy...i miss my best buddies 
fuck  we dont have the salad dressing i like
iTunes is playing all the broken hearted songs. WTF?? ..I definitely started drifting to a time when I was a broken hearted girl 
So I accomplished nothing today!  At least I have tomorrow off so maybe I'll get things done then.
Home. Bored. Sick. Just kill me now 
On my way to school... Yay 
omg. the smell of blue raspberry koolaid was making me sick. until i realized it was my chapstick 
@editguppy sadly not there 
@2kutekreations That's not good! Need to get something in there for *YOU* so that you can get off that wheel!!! 
@firequilerm I has none  doing ok....sleepy. undu?
"please dont let it thunder and lightning storm. if you know me, you know im scared shitless  &lt;/3 .."
@pim2005 I know! No more Georgia  nooooo. we have a video of her talking about it here www.groupthing.org
@preaChdotcom No  ... you basically just told me im gonna DIE!
"Note to self, turn phone off when going out to drink. Drunk texting is not cute "
"wanted to bike to Charlottenlund or a bit further up the coast after work, but now it started raining "
"So I just found out my apt. does not have wireless internet like I thought. I don't know where my cable is, so until then no internet. "
still hasn't seen the new Transformers!! 
Packing ...... 
I hate lightning. I'm scared 
Internet connection broke down.  now I have to use my blackberry to surf the net and chat. How pathetic!!! FUcK tHis!!
I'm in my bed super sick  and its super nice outside
still can't find the new iPhone 
"wow, my last tweet was 4 days ago...my life is boring "
Day 4. Motivation level is so low. I really need a workout partner 
I like the Hero - but I still miss a keyboard  #hero #android
Stupid braces are making my lips so dry 
Flaminhg verification plans are giving me a right old headache 
@lyndoman WoW. Yeah 
@iweb I would have bought one if you had put one up with 1GB of RAM. 
"omg i got sunburnt on my face again when doing sports day, yesterday. not gd "
Getting ready to go to the dentist. 
"not looking forward to going to college again tomoz, for leavers thing!!! "
My dog skip: one of the saddest movies. Even I was in tears! 
Got scareded by the little spider 
My laptop is being soooooooooooo slow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
At work. So little to do 
Don't feel good 
facebook wont load? 
Sscchhoolll  text me?
first day back at work and away from my little girl 
@scuttlebuzz i'd love to do that but my schedule wo't let me 
This recession is depressing me a whole lot. I can't wait to be in another job. This Sh*t is making me wanna cry 
About to head to campus and get some physics done...cuz our internet isn't working. 
Grr I was up too late again! I'm super tired! 
hates the bbc!!!!! ladies doubles has dissapeared 
WHY AM I STILL HERE 
@Raina14 i have to learn chemis tmorrow  getting jealous 
no skating today  mimimi though going to the school later to take chemistry and writing classes with louise and ricardo hahah
my doggy has been admitted to the hospital! 
i just had a dream that edward cullen was in love with me. and then i woke up in the middle of it  hahah pathetic
I don't think so 
i'm so grossed out by food.  
woke up with a high temp &amp;  headache had to stand outside to feel better. Damn it's cold out there. back to sleep now  so hungry though
I dont think my replies work 
@shinedropdime starbucks not open yet  your dicks still shorter than the ysl heels.
beyond disapointed that mom wont go and get her the book already.. 
@rells02 wow its not a good day so far  hope it gets better
"&amp; I get a text from everyone except the one person I really wanna talk to... Why did I fall so hard, so quick? "
I think I needa stop buying clothes online. Money is decreasing from my account. 
@katiejohnstone nooooooo i haven't  Since I'm at my Aunt's house I don't think she has HBO  :'(
Feeling kinda down today. Even though the sun is out. Maybe lack of sleep.  only 5.5 more hrs to go!
"@pdnonline Sad to see Kodachrome go, we have just bid a fond farewell to our last beautiful table lightbox, thx for the memories! "
Last day at the beautiful beach 
"@daydreamwriter work!   But yeah, we can do something soon--I work a lot next week--maybe after?"
"Rip my another nig of mine! Damn, all the good ones. Wtf. "
@kenarmstrong1 lol ah. except I was talking about the thunderstorm we got for all of 7 mins just now. I didn't get to see any lightening 
I'm goin to pump it up today woo hoo! But my stomach hurts... So that tells me not so good of a day coming up 
"This more than makes up for the vacation I won't be able to take with my fam, because now I have to pay for my own "
"@JeffTefertiller I just realized I didn't put his name on there but he is in the top 10, all 3 guys are very close. So my bad....  "
"@SKINMAG GB ALL THE TIME! Unpaid, though "
"Man, I hope I stop spitting up blood soon. "
annas over i feal like im about to throw up i drank to much last night 
"feels terrible for her grandpa   and my apologies to @bambulkask, gotta meet you next time sweetie ;-)"
I pulled a muscle in my side yesterday. And it really hurts. 
"@DtheArtist its not my fault i tried to take u on father's day, but the car wouldnt cooperate...  lmaooo"
I hate...HATE when someone makes you feel like you dont belong and dont fit in. Like Unwanted.  yesterday i felt that way.
@remixed486 Aww...that sounds really rough 
"Need to be outside, but I am inside    So the UK has twitter pegged as a primary SN not an enabling technology. Cool?"
@olivosartstudio I think the chapped lips were more bothersome than the nosebleeds 
@Time_Decay I don't think so either 
depressed at home thinking about the long days work ive got tommorrow 
@inekeclewer ahhh  well thank you for your support anyway!
"at guppy's in cerritos for orientation, 40 minutes early  great way to avoid the invisible traffic on the 60 &amp; 605 D:"
@booksandquills have you got the link to the season 2 skins? because i can't find it 
 I wish I got some breakfast. My stomach is growling.
Water fight in the Park was so cool! 4C 4ever I promese you guys  @_Marine tu me montreras c'que t'as achetÃ©s?Ce soir t'es ou? Love you!!
@ma_th Yeah. And we forgot to write the Shortest Path problem 
@youngdipset cuz you ain't take me  lol
@xxmeglovesyoux Lucky. Ive been at the pool the last 3 days but i cant go today because of my lungs 
@LyndseyAmanda not fair!!!!!!! I wanna go.... Don't worry I'll be at work!!!!!!! 
still tired today   wish i could snap my fingers and have my housework done!
why can't I be happy..? 
On the way to get my #iPhone #3GS from T-Mobile Austria now. For 3 Weeks testing. Just 3 Weeks 
Top of the morning world!! Listening to mayday parade and playing bass. Just broke a pick  - chrisfm
What's wrong with my comp???? 
Is Flickr brokn? Most of the images are showing up as broken links. 
Rockies lost again 
I want to go to the zooooooooo. 
"@OfficialBF1943 Should of released BF 1943 Today that was my hightlight of the week and now theres nothing!  dissapointed, hey ho July lol"
"Sophie Milar is the best i dont know what i would do without her , my life would be soo much worse that it already is  i love ya darling x"
does not want to do another presentation! i am going to be dead by the end of this summer w/ all this public speaking i have to do 
"Im on on question 4 on the spanish orals, IT TAKES TOO LONG. "
Rule #32...  Don't be a dumb American and ask to eat dinner at 6:15.  They don't serve food until 8:00.  Insert hostess giggle 
"@yobeeone ,   I am so curious if the marrow from Abby is taking, slow is good thing bec on road to recovery"
"No insubordination fest for me. On that note, please send posi vibes to my grampy. He's not doing so good "
I am in so much pain  I need a massage from a beautiful woman...
At the hospital. My grandpa doesn't look good.  sad day
@nerrisalaughs haha no. Five and a half hours.  Now its gonna seem longer!
"My voice is fucked lately,i cant even sing emily anymore  wtf."
I want a huge butterfinger right now 
@StudioXIII Im sick of it! Who would have guessed ALMOST 2 days in a row! 
MY FONE IS NOT WORKING  i am so sad 
@johanbruyneel how about tweeting the list of riders. Don't have Flash on iPhone. 
@oswegochick I agree with you it's very sad indeed 
@austinmiles Believe it or not I can't make it today 
"has just cutted his hair, it's ridiculously short  http://plurk.com/p/13xwu3"
"@persiankiwi havent heard from you, hope you are ok...you are in my prayers "
You're back there already?  I can't believe I didn't get to see you   @SweetLadyG
@tommcfly Has your iPod ever frozen up on you in the middle of a song? Mine has and I was listening to you and it made sad.  Xxx
Plenty more e-mails to get through tonight 
no matter what i do i always forget to forget you 
@AnnaSaccone yeah so no shopping for a while haha  how was your shopping ? xxx
"@VSaharya There's no possible way of doing it without a Jailbreak, unfortunately "
i can't sleep!! insomnia phase begins today! 
@ChrisHangsleben what?!?!  boo why.....
"Okay, me &amp; Blizge decided to go to prom... all the way.   Wish, that Ren could go w/ me  &lt;3 But luckily, I will be w/ her in 3 weeks!!!"
@Isa_NL Thanks Isa! Only the DVD they made isn't working.. also not on my laptop 
"Bit anxious about a day of shopping tommorow,weekend with the girls&amp;holiday on the Isle of Wight next weekend when I have ZERO pennies "
five for fighting - superman 
happily evr aftr is a tagine nt an outcum 
@asphyxiates don't know...personal reasons 
The European PSN Store update is rubbish this week  I don't know what I wated but it wasn't that stuff!
baghhh i dind't know it was gonna like thunderstorm today  so unprepared and concerned about how i'm gonna commute 'unscathed'
my dentist is so MEAN!  
work  i'll be here until 5:30! bleh... Stefani...&lt;x3
@Froggerle That does't make it any less horrific.  
Is Very Bored 
well except the mango one...bt the pink one which we wanted to get for ages bt couldnt find and finally found was horrible  x
Off to work with a headache and sore throat. 
It's so beautiful out and I'm stuck here at work with no windows 
bad workout today  maybe 2mrw will be better
@amoutos Just preparing for trial to begin at 1400...I'm still exhausted from earlier in the week   I hope we don't go late tonight...
@cbetta carn't believe http://wheresthegeeks.co.uk/ didn't make your bookmarks list  we are all very upset here at Geek HQ
Just finished lunch! Now back to work 
School is back in session..I'm about to be in this class damn near 4hrs...ugh 
Really haven't had much time for photography recently  So instead will just pimp out my old pics! http://bit.ly/3kBtG6
Is missing out on def leppard  and possibly poison? But still... def leppard?!
@Snowy24 i just want to meet a really good decent guy for a change you know 
@hughlaurie and I am not sure which is the fake one 
just wanted to say I'm jealous of all you motherfuckers going to Vegas and that its possibly hotter here than there 
Nokia PC Suite7.1.30.8 gets Nokia Music PC Client. Installs separately 
Last session.... It's sad  ... Going to be back home in 2 days
lets called it : restless week. 
"Had an EXCELLENT yesterday, great morning until I remembered y I was sad  ....boooooo"
"this lake is so weird, it has a concrete bottom  http://yfrog.com/29vvxj"
I hear owwie noises coming my tummy  owwie! I don't feel good! Nope not good at all.
"Work is so slow, I'm seriously considering quitting my job this week "
@davidvancamp That's awful.  I wish mine would stop making fat jokes.
"Well, i guess i need to start a new chapter in professional my life "
"@SandraBernhard Miss Lady, since you brought up your web store - it is notoriously known that it takes AGES to rec'v your merch. "
@CarterTwinsZach Im sorry I hope u feel better cuz I love u and it makes feel horrible when ur sick or sad or mad or hurt 
"@StewartWade Yeah, I know--pigs for sure...which is a great visual on my end among all the akimbo-ness. "
"ouh @Babe_Franzi was hast du hun'? hoffentlich nichts schlimmes. yes, i miss you rlly much, mary too. "
Woke up with the worst headache 
@MacekMakeupArt I can't remember the last movie I saw in a theatre!  Hope you guys have fun! What are you going to see?
last day of classes   im going to miss chichi !
"Damn, time for another pedicure, just chipped my toenail on an open cabinet  Shit happens!"
@mikegentile i've never been in a walmart  no joke
@amedelrivero Start putting up $100 every paycheck! We have to prepare ourselves for the future -_-. ONLY $300 is what i'm getting 
@patrickeatworld takboleh. i am so in loveeeeeeeeeeee  life sucks. FMMFL
I have church thur and am always forgetting I can watch fbc on line until Thurs. 
@hopeformusic yikes.. no good.  i hate hayfever myself... and meds don't help much for me either.  
errands to run all day..leaving tonight 
my brain is officially broken.  
"At work, again... "
I can't get the twitter widget for facebook to work 
"I've really lost my glasses now  WHERE ARE THEY. I can't sleep with my contacts in. I miss yoouuu, glasses, you make me ME."
"Shopping for shirts in shorts is apparently not the best of ideas in London. Get paid little to no attention, till the wallet appears "
No well  :O xx
hoping my grandma starts improving soon. she had back surgery and is in the hospital and not looking good.... 
"@snowqueen297 on @orbitz. They anounced a winner already, and it wasn't me "
@pantherrh Not a bad price for the Kannagi figure actually. 1/10 makes me cry though. Not enough Itsuki to luuuuuuuuuuuuuv. 
is there anything more lame then pouring a bowl of cereal and remembering you have no milk? no cherrios for me 
"It's only been an hour, but it feels like forever and a day.  I guess this is way better than jail."
I miss the days when work used to be soo fun and relax 
being bored like always well at least for now all my friends are gone on vacation! 
ugh. someone hold me. 
Emily has never seen a goose poop  shes deprived
I want dalool didn't see her today 
ominous weather....obviously on Frisbee Thursdays 
2 days more to school. Say it isn't so 
@bradshorr Good grade! I think I failed; won't work through our firewall. 
time to get back to work   man it's gonna be a LONG day!
i need special apapachitos because I very very chipil  
@KELLY__ROWLAND ....wish u coulda been here!!!!  u gotta come back to HOU soon!
Robert Reisinger just in...very late 
ahnothing like doing hay for the bfs parents not done yet but today we arent working 300 bales + yay right plus they have a pool (hot  )
"@tantamani Wow, that really sucks   So sad to see when that happens, when it's believed to be the only way out. "
At da wic office w/ my mom I just dnt kno 
hoping for good weather tomorrow! ahhh no rain or thunderstorms please 
UPDATE 888! just wanna say i love u dad &amp; mum &amp; grandma &amp; bf &amp; brinjal &amp; dear family members &amp; dear friends!!! this is driving me crazy! 
is kind of upset 
just had the worst philly steak sandwich in my life   with liquid cheese... phew
Don't wanna get ready for work! UGH!!! 
I hope my grandma gets better! she is in the hospital 
Is exhausted... 
is lying on my comfy bed enjoying the sun on her body but definatley needs a bigger bra! 
View from the coffee pot. Work all day  http://twitpic.com/8dqx5
All done. No more ethnobotany 
@MrJamesFortune Hey Bro! Miss u.... Tell Cardi *I'm singing* PLEASE DONT TEAR MY NURBS UP DAUGHTER!!! HAAA I sooo miss ya'll 
"@iEllie Hiring on with the state can be a SLOOOOW process anyway, and the budget only makes it worse.  "
D: I have to stay at the hospital another day!!  I WANNA GO HOMEEEEE. Forget the hemoglobin transfusion! HOMEEE.
@OSSAgent19 I hope I didn't miss you.  But my computer is crashing and burning so I'm not sure how well Skype would work anyway.  Sigh.  
"not good, jonas brothers movie coming out tuesday, and im broke "
grrrrrrr I can't open my emails 
Last full working day in 18a HQ! 
It's on LJ. But its not on youtube 
starts summer school today 
@AudioBooTH  the batch upload button is broken on spush 
Doesn't anyone do #80stweets any more? 
@fs360 don't know! 
@JPcashcash if you see this...since your in GR tonight you should come see me in Muskegon since I can't make it to the show 
@eblahovec I was actually applying for jobs and the person that I was with was from Work One.  Yes it is hot 
burnt my finger on the oven 
@JoshwaHudson hahah i've already got my white one and green one in the wash. i for some reason can't find the rest... 
@angelasiracusa I'm going to pay you to ship them to me. You don't understand how I'm wiggin. That's all I wear at my parents' house 
"Had fun at the lake yesterday; but got really burnt, ouch "
"Murray murray murray mania! I'm not buying into it, Tiger Tim let me down too many times   http://mypict.me/5CkW"
Oh wonderful. Flight delay. I'll get into prague after 8 now 
On lunch and I don't have any food  what am I gonna do 
ughhers why is it sooo hot.. they pools too cold to go in 
outside doesn't look like a Summer day 
"@stephmccall umm I am guessing about 7 but I am not eating dinner, the only thing is we are going to be sweaty and I have just showered "
"Where did a panda come from in RM... it's supposed to be a BIG PURPLE ELEPHANT, WTH! They couldn't find a purple elephant at a carnival! "
@LizGiangrande Like there's this emptiness inside me. I wish i got a chance to say bye properly to every single person. Idk what to do! 
went for a rnd of the closest (legal) thing to weed but still not high 
"@wankelrx yeah it has been in the upper 90's with heat indexes over 100 everyday this week. I want to go riding, but it too hot "
@YunaKins92 dang I wishhhh!  but I'd have to leave now and I'm still in my pjs
@natalieox Its still in the plastic wrapper so she would know!! And my mum and dad wont let me  xx
Going to make a national holiday &quot;give me(Sammy) money day&quot;  I wish..
ugh. stuck inside on a beautiful day 
Noooo I dont want to go to work  . and why the eff does twit pic take so damn long to upload photos. .
VERY slow day... These are the days I don't so much like my desk job  Got to think of a reason to get up and walk around... Lol
"Mexico/Belize/Guatemala: &quot;SexyBack&quot; by Justin Timberlake. It was a fun song song, although my iPod died early in the trip. "
@Tsaksonakis Yes thanks not been on twitter much lately; not alot to say really; seems to have died down a bit 
Now I understand why new kids say it's easy to make friends at Lab. I have difficulty at Neuqua. Guess I'm there for training not friends 
"my princes pre-k graduation was today, most beautiful thing i ever seen i actually cried, mah baby got soo big before my eyes "
"wow does anyone else miss &quot;One Saturday Morning&quot; with shows like Doug, Pepper Ann, Recess, etc.? I do "
@WynStayFly WYNS!!!!!! miss u boo....no invite 2 LA???? 
@stationstops ugh I am so sorry that happened!!! That sucks. Pamper her tonight to ease the bad memory.  glad she wasn't hurt.
@TinyLollipops holding up ? not good at all  stressed! i dont wanna do this anymore!  
can't have bubbles cuz my hubby has both bubble bottles. 
"the beach yesturday was fun, besides my big sun burn in my back "
I'm not happy.... why? 
"@sinca  Exactly, but sadly everyone was pretty good last night, so if Jason is in bottom 3 again, he might go home. "
@AberdeenFC Severin was excellent when motivated. Just a shame I only seen him motivated about 6 times in his last two years 
@Georgiazz *cuddles back* - I miss you 
nooo i hear thunder 
Thanks to @LarissaBina the blood gushing out of me will hopefully stop...what idiot drops a knife and stabs herself 
"@markosm Alas, I cannot.  I am weak. Yay."
soo pissed off 
@heidimontag great song heidi!! is it available on itunes yet? oh and i wish that you didn't get sick and could've stayed in the jungle 
@zeryck you should pre order tomorrow to gt the $49 home premium.  me wants one too.... 
"Dude at AT&amp;T tech support sounded exactly like Borat, I had no idea what he was saying and Im still Internet-less "
"so u feel what I feel eh? when u'r a fan of something, li'l things from them mean a lot to u. why ignore me? "
if I passed or failed. God I'm so nervous! 
@drewdiamond it doesn't work on my pc 
Everyone seems to be going on holiday  at the moment. I feel so left out 
Weilin doesn't know what's twitter!  She is using plurk instead WHAT?!?!
 Just learned that the hockey area is now filled with stupid cars.
grr. why is it sooo hot.. they pools too cold to go in 
Thunderstorms have ruined my plans 
@DJEQUE scorching hott here in austin 
mom wont take me to borders to get @HeatherBrewer new book. Now im bummed 
so not in the mood for gym class. still ache from dance audition yesterday 
@davidolski that makes my heart break 
oh my... excitment is over... they printed the wrong image!!!  i guess 2 out of 3 isn't bad... 
thinking about lunch.....yeah.. THINKING 
@Ms_MeMe @Romeo awwww poor metria!! 
I dont have a clue what I'm doing 
@as_i_am_4 I wish I got paid to dance too-- Id be PAID! lol but with no benefits  Boooo!
@ShaunaMifsud awwwh.. I would have been gutted too  tinchy stryder!! Haha! You take a pic of him? xxxx
50 dollars short of the new car stereo I wanted  7-on-7 tonight against Manchester
@sowrongitsjason LMK how it goes! I can't watch it 
Nope hes not in 
"@diamondhead94 Yeah, but when your private you don't get to find new friends as easily. "
"why when you need someone besides you , you dont find him  !!!"
"@hptwilighter Sadly, no all i've got in a normal camera and crappy recording stuff "
@cawowine i caaannntt  im poor right now :/ haha.
Thats do weird @kalemeow so am i. Was waking up all cold and shit 
@alexcovic wrong url 
@gregdelima Agreed! 
@LiaaaJane WE MUST GO SEE CALVY HARRIS IN NEWC 
@JelliBeen92 its on LJ but not on YT  and there's no kiss at the end 
"@jenniish omg, i want to be 17 again. "
@JJaneBB would love to 
@whatadam  my brains hibernating. Give me cofffeeeeee
"Just finished taping the radio program with @thenote and @laurameckler. Ended with Lindsey Graham intvu. Interesting, but no news. "
@BrandiLinnea You actually like the CP? It made my hair dry up and look like a cotton ball  Fantasiaq IC will give you the same results
feeling so sad  i just realised..it's difficult to be wise..*sigh*
I hate watching people's break-ups play out on Twitter 
@WeSupportNiley whats wrong? 
It's telling that there is no Eircom rep among the talking heads in today's Digital Ireland special on infrastructure 
My life sucks 
@Guelsah still not received my card yet? 
got so sick last night.. my stomach still feels so queezy  cuddling w olive to make me feel better haha
"@cookiedorksx3 babiii  we need to talk soon! when u get on at yt, or twitter or msn SAYY xD cause later i'll be on ;D ilusm"
omg--can i please find a way 2 leave this after party? perpetual f'in vegas. 
"@GeekyClean I would enter your contest, but I have no idea what the soaps are made from, and I have many allergies... "
Headache 
@JJMOTHAFOKINKEO 
"Bot/spam followers are getting annoying. Blocking them, it doesn't help at al. They keep staying on my list of followers. "
"@Ant Radford, Yes however theres no quick reply option, I would like to be able to click your name to reply but that dont work "
"@BradleyRoss oh Brad  I am so sorry for you guys --thoughts with you, friend."
"@BradleyRoss oh Brad  I am so sorry for you guys --thoughts with you, friend."
So busy today and not feeling the greatest ... gonna b a long day 
@himalikiran very sorry to hear that 
wishing my computer wasn't broken. 
@peterfacinelli everytime I try to enter the contest I get a site offline message! 
feeling better . wants somee food. but feels FAT 
"Aww, the free Sugar Ray show tonight was cancelled.    We had tickets.  At least they were free..."
- one hour not so voluntarily overtime... not too happy. 
At The Fence in Farringdon with some work colleagues. No tables free outside 
@ramirezdavid that jerk Mandy Moore stole my future husband Ryan Adams from me!  quite depressing! LOL
stress induced stress. who knew? 
@jeezyfosheezy si sir  still in admin.. its so slowww todayy
Dont listen to her she doesnt eat anything! Lol   Lonelyandroid ):
@nycdoll24 I gave him mine. He never called though 
Wants iced tea mango shake now.  http://yfrog.com/4rxpuj
The Mozilla guy is the worst slide maker ever. Hope to get a picture of it soon... But it is bright yellow on a saturated blue background 
Just came back from class outing and is exhaustedd! Had tons of fun and wants the next one to come asap. Sad cause we didn't Ton 
@deathcabfor_me i shall miss you if i haz no interwebz. 
"Yeah, he's cute...but right before this pic he puked all over the passenger seat   http://twitpic.com/8dra8"
Watching the secret life and it stopped working 
I been sleep in my office all morning. still don't feel good  but I guess I should work now.
"please wake up, windows live, its urgent "
da good ideas gone 
@sonicreducer  that's why I always set my expectations really low. I hope things get better
needs to find a happy place.. rubbish day 
"Listening to Chris Clark - Growls Garden, while downloading the Armed Assault 2 PC Demo. Its 2.8 GB big &amp; dling @ 80 kbps  only 10hrs 2 go"
@Tivon isn't it a great idea? Awww your back got even worse? I'm so sorry. My foot is still in a cast so I can empathize in a way 
"@gamingangel for me its way too late, worked all night  sucked"
"On my itinerary, Ryan mentioned a GPL interview with the Gazz.  Hell, we didn't even get a mention in the Gazz calender. Feeling unloved. "
WAR room here i come 
Funerals suck  was quite an honor to be at the armed forces cemetary though
"I guess my workstation PC will be a Core i7 920, with 6 gigs of ram, and a geforce 280 gtx. It'll be pretty wicked. Not a mac though "
It is sooooo hot today 
This week is not a good week 
@Marshalus StatusNotifier doesn't work. 
i seriously need to let all my thoughts out but there's nobody i want to talk to on msn 
@jessiefulks Awwww poor @caseyshayne - why so sick? 
"@varshamohan She is my classmate and good friend. And yeah, the ugly git in the profile pic is me  "
why is my dumb small town out to show me how perfect my small little world is: if you ride your bike in the park everyone's lol at you! 
"Just had lunch with tom, now going to work camp. Last day "
missing my daughters much 
@_lyve its hot as hell 
Ugh I'm sick again!  I'm blaming it on my office....it's always FREZING in there.
"Work, work, work "
"I'm at campus. Last summer, was the best. Too bad my Fuffy Buns, Vanesssa can't go this year I miss my friend in Asia "
"my 100th annoying message! does anyone care? think not!  i have take a shower 'n get ready for work. sweet dream, super junior ^o^"
Sore throat... I'm sick 
is upsets. He's really mad this time 
"Woke up with my head feeling like it'd been split in two, generally feeling icky today. I hope I didn't catch Sage's cold. "
Just locked my keys in my car.. No lunch for me. 
No Disciple talkback in YLO tent. Replaced with Stellar Kart.   #creationfest
Dream: I was having an argument and losing 
i have a realllllyyy bad feeling about this vacation. 
joey is super sick  he breaths heavily and is very weak. he's sleeping in mommy's bedroom atm
has just got home!  what a journey home!
"@Tasharri @BBKwieen @SexyBeach , I WILL learn. She's a convienence at times. My smoking,clubbing and NYC buddy! "
gets worried when people he care about suddenly &quot;disappear&quot;. What did I do now? 
@some_devil41 i wish it was a pizza. gosh i'm glad we live together because if we didn't i'd NEVER see you 
@TawagPromotions You think that i'm still a stranger 
UGH! i MiSS MY FONEEEE  SOOOO DEPRESSED!
@sexxyblackinese no  they said you could loose feelinqs and not be able to have a orqasm
@fountain1987 Just been watching your last few episodes of Hollyoaks...u are such an AMAZING ACTOR.!!! missing u on the programme  xxxx
@peterfacinelli I can't enter the contest! Is it not up yet? 
1/2 a chapter done but have to go run errands 
"I was excited about @OxygenRadio there for a moment, a purely online radio station that sounds proffesional, then I hear GCAP VO's -ouch- "
i give up! i did everything i could 
"@deighe_d yeah, Twitter lately = EPIC fail  "
"@paulabbey Oh, so you DO still Facebook... "
@1041pm THERE IS NONE for black berry lol! There's a way to make it caps without having to hold the shift button but idk how to do it  
Just had a great sandwich. Now I'm chillin' for an hour before I have to work from 1:30-9:30. Blaaaah. 
@stefftsk without Holly? 
"@blakehealy http://twitpic.com/8douf - i wish i was there with you  but im Italian... and i won't see u in concert, im too far. im dyi ..."
 now I remember why I let my bangs grow out ..  hopefully I can get them to lay flat before work
(SexiiCOn BOW]]  Ihad a dream that all of the HATERS in the world died  It was sad b/c there was nobody 4 us 2 STUNT on! Thx God for h ...
cant take watchin NeDa die like that. so heartbreaken 
Transformers 2 was pretty cool... Couldn't see Isabel Lucas as anything but 'stupidflowerbitchfromH&amp;Awhogetsimpregnatedbyevilcult' though 
packing up to go home 
drama on facebook and thunder clouds = just peachy 
@offendedblogger welcome back ms thang! Joe is in the hospital. 
"Chris is getting braces put on right now! So happy for him because he's waited a long time, so sad because I remember having them-not fun "
"@shmerin alright u go girl, i haven't done a half in a long time "
@TomboyTigress but i don't wanna goooooo 
Shopping equals awful . . . Especially when i have no money.  but i found a gorgeous dress for the wedding!
and the rain is here again! 
Bloody highland show holding up all the traffic! Been waiting on my bus for ages 
English Essay 
Everything reminds me of you 
@drfired it was ok. Not better than the Miami Elite events. 
@xrayspecs LOL  no...that's not it.  I found out they are looking for a missing boater 
@tanyabrooke me too 
"i hate storms  i woke up to to the sound of hail hitting the house, i thought my room was gonna cave in on me"
Drunk guy outside work not having a good morning.   http://twitpic.com/8drib
"Finally, my long lost cousin, Kevin has gave me a call from US. Glad to hear that he and aunt are doing good. Now I start missing them.. "
"@mosrite69 When mothers decides it's ok , then violence against unborn  children is  fine.  But you said it was alway wrong "
"Cake's baked and just needs to be decorated now... laundry's in, dishes are half done. Not feeling well "
God I love geneseo. Eating aunt cookies on front porch at main cuz I already gave ali my keys  haha
@paula_abdul_fan tht doesnt work either 
"ohh wait, did me and my bro just talked? awh.  i gotta admit i missed messin around with him. :&gt; i hope its a start. ;)"
I just want to spend the 4th of July sea kayaking in Valdez. 
I dont feel good. 
Lunch time... I think it might be too hot to eat outside. 
"awman, i was so excited to watch Transformers 2 all week, and now, i might not even get to watch it on Saturday "
when you've ordered something don't you think its right that you should fucking get it 
@craigritchie I get failed security errors every time I try the Prototype Experience 
@rosstrich Where do you live that you get to keep tweeting about rain? I haven't seen a drop 
@fiofo LOL. No mention of meerkats though. Sad times 
@BethFishReads Ouch...I hate tooth issues 
"just recorded somebody to love, sadly this mic is a bit shite so its not v good quality "
"Reminiscing, but it makes me sad. "
Ahhhh only 2 more days till I go back home!!!! I'm dreading the heat tho 
"@aiyanasimone I didnt yet...Its hard n i need help!!  Actually sumone just needs to hand me a job, then ill be happy"
volleyball hurts........... 
food poisoning from college cafeteria.im sick 
@sarahjericho are you coming online? got nobody to talk to 
"Now approaching The Fat Cat on my walk home, must resist the urge to go enjoy their beer garden with a pint...things to do tonight "
Well I missed that opportunity. Thought you were getting the same train 
"@bigedude33 Aww, that sucks.  Maybe you should take a nap?"
depressed but still have to work on my interview talk 
feeling for a cuddyz burger... but cuz courtney decided to be Mr. CHEAP i cant... sigh realy wanted one 
Today is my birthday but I didn't get any cake! 
I am avin a crapbday dropped meatballs all over my jeans 
"@giny no, I think that clearly the problem is I can't golf. Also, I'm now ever-so-slightly confused by this metaphor "
"@xoJessiee i think its time to forgive, but never forget "
We have to return all of our books tomorrow... it feels awkward! I'm gonna miss my class 
The weather report says it'll be 86ï¾ŸF/30ï¾ŸC tomorrow. I think im gonna die 
@Wossy cant believe you got rubbish like blue on the show 
This could turn out to be an expensive day. I need a sugardaddy 
Disneyland blockout days suck 
@tammydavid why do you have to give sharpei away??  cry cry...
@djceo365 I looove ledisi!! I use to have her on my missing ipod...a moment of silence please.... 
@noahfleming took it down  .One last piece I thought made it into the release was missing. Will send you a note when live again.
needs to learn how to manage her time better 
"Damn, it's hot today "
Ä± hate life sometimes cos it can be boring 
Thinks i really don't get him sometimes  x
@ak_hepcat Crap! Damn Linux firewalls. Stupid RIAA doesn't know a damn about security. We all know how secure DRM is. Guess I need a job 
@diddystweet take pictures for me of nordstroms!! They miss me there 
Just said goodbye to Michael. I'm going to miss that kid terribly 
FREE HUGS 
@bettieboudoir since I started working 80-100 hour weeks. 
My gmail account is 93% full 
why does it have to be so freaking hot out side....it sucks to work in 
Home. Feel like I've had a sauna. In my clothes 
Transformers 2- frantic goofballism for first 20 min does not bode well for rest of movie  
"@HeatherPark thank you. OMG.. no where has the calgel  Im so sad, I have to venture off into another city .."
Currently looking for a good service center to repair his car.... 
Well I missed that opportunity 
i totally miss itlay 
@Heather_Paige oh no  where are you?
"&quot;hey, i'm kevin. ...and who might you be?&quot; kp is terrifying sometimes "
@rdizzle7 i miss my homie  he was a good friend
@AnthonyRaneri I wanna be there 
ughhh i really wanted to go to six flags today but i have so much crap to do for my parents that i had to stay in  Happy Birthday Jackee!
Wow. Both younger siblings had their wisdom teeth removed this week. That's rough. 
@Wizpig - social network 
"Oh no, they have to give me a shot....lawed help me "
@clinton_kelly Hi Clintooooon!!! why you never reply to me twitts?? 
of course workers did not show up today. porch will never be completed.  maybe next summer i can enjoy it   don't like contractors
Ugh dealing with a layout with so many horrible absolute pos'd divs. 's what happens when you tell someone they can't use tables 
@KevinSwitzer Sunshine Savings Bank (new bank next to Publix @ Lake Ella) got robbed. Guess the weekly bank robbery quota has been met.  
@jaketoocool i can't see it im on my sidekick 
"@brianbrianbrian Awwww, we missed you? "
"Finally up an movin, missed the view tho "
@h0neyluv baby how come u n cici didn't come to my party last nite   I need ur number beezie
@sublicon I can probably hook that up. Got 'em myself. They're glorious. I'm @dan_radin. @danradin is somebody else.  Re: Sennheiser HD25s
"@TNCCinSD been there done that regarding Windows 7 ultimate, just want to know how much to upgrade from win 7 basic is  win 7 rocks!"
I have no money  But I did have a fucking great day at school (Y)
@billba How oppressive does it actually get in Seattle. Over 90 and sunny in Chicago. 
Kind of missed those days 
"Sittin on the plane, waiting patiently... Feeling ill already "
@nighthawkJ I want to come to NY sooooo bad...  alright forget Im coming
@aileenburns I want a kindle so bad. Can't get them in Australia though 
Ah can't get my mind off HIM  so confused 
@zelazelo i can't believe i just typed 'alamia' sry mel  it's amalia..
Dinner done and time to sleep - hate it when my holidays are gonna end -  juat 2 more days to go 
@Bball4life Sorry to hear about your emergency trip.  Safe travels to you! And thanks so much 4 your kind words this morning!
@xtineismyhero what happened darling 
@ShikhaBirdie yummy! i had curd and khichdi! 
@beth1988 I miss Cider 
"Hi everyone.Busy day working ,out again tonight so catch up later.Funeral to go to tomorrow "
I just called Buttonwood and they disnt answer  i wipl call again at 2 haha
My sister doesn't want to go running with me 
Last day of vacation... 
Finally about to get my hair washed...I hate when my stylist is behind sched.  but I love how my hair comes out! 
@rofl_iron i did too 
Omg! Twitter is so spammy right now! Search for reboot11 and you know what I mean  #RB11
@roxannejean I was there for a while.... haha... my fellows left so had to go  and I felt a bit sickies i-D
is back and missing authentic japanese food 
Sadened that my buddies are no longer around me at work  can I move?
MySpace just turned this awesome purple for a second and now it's not purple anymore. *heart breaks* 
@_Amanda_Young Mine's like that too. 
@LittleMissNat I still really want that key from the V&amp;A 
scratch that last twitter... i am worried just worried.  ugh
@MsCeMontgomery UGH!! 
Hmm...I keep losing followers. Wonder what I'm doing wrong. 
I have just registered on twitter. I am typing my first entry. Otherwise I am job hunting on the internet. 
"my favourite snack is Junior Mints, I eat them all the time, but I eat to many and then get sick the next day, when will I learn  haha"
@greggles1969 It's almost like the list games on Quizmania too! Gutted. 
@AnikaRamirez seriously....that was great stuff....now I am sad 
"My simple little updates to the database server should not be maxing out the network connection, but that's what seems to be happening. "
Not Fair ! Everyone else gets to go home while I'm still working 
"@playtimerx931 hm. 1,the notebook.2,titanic.3,a walk to remember.4,august rush.5,king kong. aw  i feel lyk i wanna watch'em again.nyaha!"
I lost my wallet night before last at the opening of transformers. Lame 
@tinkissarah oh i want one tooooo  buzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
I just remembered my library books are overdue...again...more fines for me  I have not even read them yet...I'll renew ONE last time and
Bored at work. All by myself  #squarespace #trackle
@CarrieAnnYoung Didn't even attempt Coby.  I miss my Levi.  
"@EvenAngels Check out this article. Gazz, I'll NEVER be able to play online. I suck too bad. I'd get  booted off in 2 minutes.  http: ..."
"is burnt, having onion rings and salad for dinner and has a free house till hopefully 10. everything is good, except someone is missing "
@littledotty defo not hated every single minute no air was flowing through even with the windows open 
"I so need a job.  My agency is CRAP, the job market is CRAP, my bank account is CRAP, I FEEL LIKE CRAP."
Why is the line-up for Hard Rock Calling tomorrow so tiny? 
I hate when you can't get comfortable while trying to sleep in a car. 
"Back from the morning walk.  Worked up a sweat and I wasn't even outside. 'Course, no exercise is needed to work up a sweat outside now. "
going to my friend adenike's going away partyy. i'm gonna miss herr. 
"Watchin CSI, getting ready for work, drive to commerce for a 4 hour shift, see johnny for a sec, come home and clean  blah"
no more beach today    grad tonight! watching stand by me &lt;3
i want to buy the book sooooooooooooooooooooooo bad 
just finished spanish provincial but I can't leave for another hour  gym time after!
"Well, i was supposed to start work today...but the computers are down  this sucks"
"@mageofzhalfir Muh. When I drove by McDonalds, I only had 50 pesos left in my wallet so I had to buy the Chicken Fillet meal lang. Fail. "
@techquo saddest tweet ever 
"is going to the lake today, wishes my bf would go too "
"Ugh, i wish i was out in the sun   Cant wait for the weekend!!"
"@Rococos I want some, but the Girlfriend has the car   I love fresh fruit!!!"
"major spam email from my facebook   boooo.  changed password.  suggest everyone else do too, make it a regular habit. every 3 months or so"
@lovesgreyboy i hate people who think u have nothing better to do than wait by your phone waiting to reply to txts!  stupid cow!
@Mercedes_J Right I hope he's not really going to get rid of his twitter because of it  I already miss brian having twitter
Doesn't like housing fees... 
@STYLEMOM All the items I loved were already sold out!! I hate when that happens 
@AmieLR i know  stupid thursdays! lol
"More computer delay!    You know, it's hard enough to spend that much money...Dell shouldn't give me so much to time to reconsider!"
Ouch! My thumb hurts 
Gosh. It's taking my body a long time to bounce back from my Atlanta trip. Just way too much stress. Been flaring ever since! 
@pressingbuttons I know it will really put our lives in perspective  olaf will be there until Saturday @ noon
not doing much at all 
@ejxi...oh no...ur not allowed to cry  ....just don't pay attention to him..ayyye don't be sad cause then were all gonna be sad with u 
I hate being sick!  But for some reason it sparks my musical creativity...must research this strange phenomenon...
Wants to go to Maldives 
@Miniology Thanks Rob.  The pron app got pulled.  
@janportfolio I have my colleagues do very advanced air apps.. but they won't be available for freelance works. 
if u see random stufff in my updates its because of my stupid phone 
@ShaunahFuegen I can't haz kittenz tonite?? 
It is only lunchtime 
Dam just got buzzed by another HUGE fly! This time it landed on my head...not impressed 
want's to be at glasto 
@1capplegate Oh thanks for the info: I love John Taylor!! Can't wait to watch! So sad about the cancellation 
"@Philin2 Noone got hurt, thank god! But my car had to be buried  cannot decide if I should get a new one..."
@secaduff i know i listened to the guy but had to leave b4 they called her. And im sorry about luigi 
"If I die today, make sure to cremate me!  lol jk"
"while listening to some John Matthew' here look at what I found - isn'it cuuuuuteeeeee? well, good let's go on financial planning "
This weather scares me 
"@Executivefocus Ah thats so sweet, I wish, doctor ordered me to stay home and rest pre hospital   don't think it's serious, back tuesday x"
"@KatyBudgetBooks Thanks for the reply, I just discovered it-We had someone order 7 books and then when they came in they only bought 4 "
@TeamAstana it's still not viewable on my iPhone 
@BeachItUp5Alexx i didnt go  so i guess i'm not one of thoses cousins :*(
@4evaurgirl ya they should b haha its making me mad to gosh 
My internet has been crappy for days.  Wifi keeps on disconnecting.  I can't view sweethomestyle.tumblr.com tuloy  Boooo!!!
"@_ashleysays get me something,  lol. I am in class right now "
 saddness let me no if i can
Is wondering about this whole being a wife thing...I don't think ill be good at it!  Little things messing with my vacay 
"A strange day, where all I did in office is to pitch my stuff to people!! Feeling drained now.. "
@lauraw @adamjackson I miss you guys so much. 
I'm sitting in the breakroom by myself and someones phone is going off! Arghhhh I can't even have 15 minutes of peaceful time or what?! 
"@Karrrin ...wtf huhauha, man I'm gettin scared of myself fo bein so obsessed "
I miss my best friend already 
My battery in my car died idk what to do??? Or where to get jumper cables  this woulddd happen to meeee
I just want to be driving my new car today 
"Im just chilling on psp and stuff, but sitting on pc now, also watching wimledon, getting ready for holiday @WhiteTigerNora Ahh poor you "
laying on the beach for the last time. 
"@Cineris idk. 1st i couldn fall asleep, then i got wicked bad stomach cramps, and when i finally fell asleep is wasn't a very deep sleep "
My mum is screaming 'COME ON ANDY' at the tv.. I think she loves Andy Murray more than she loves me 
feeling sad today 
"Don't have money to buy Guilty Pleasure, Hannah Montana the movie soundtrack and Lines, Vines and Trying Times. I'm Sick "
survived sports day! think i pulled a hamstring or something tho 
Your so mean 
"Borrowed some money off my Nana until payday tomorrow, but im not going out drinking now, "
Got the boot from .net today. Cannot post on the ghost town forums. Not many people left there. Maybe 3 members left. 
Wishes her bestie would talk to her. 
wonders why other people can't clean out their classrooms when leaving.  I try to leave no trace when I move on.  Not fair.  
THE WEATHER WTF &gt;:| / Craving for a can of Monster 
"Correction, lonely and depressed..... "
Sold out 
@dezzy88 You can't stay  unless I come with....
Got home last night. Now thinking about my expensive  Halloween costume I wanted to make. SIGH!
"A strange day, where all I did in office is to pitch my stuff to people!! Feeling completely exhausted.. "
Having a good day . Enjoying the sunshine and kids :Been nursing a sore knee for three weeks now  I have to get exercising
"trying my best at wow 3on3 arena, but struggling at 2k rating "
Trying to think of vid ideas 
"@KingUnicorn both the kid's DS's were taken from the car and my stuff was thrown around  i always lock it , dunno what happened. sad kids."
@prudentinvestor No wonder France is number 9 as a police state  no freedom around here http://bit.ly/8jIln
"ive been ill all week  I miss my friends, i miss school... :'( I never thought i'd say that."
superr boredd....wishin i was at the beach!! 
@davidkotcher  isorrie.id get chu but im going to applebee's to visit my sexy waiter
@MacRicanNothing octane raiser &amp; 93 gas wouldnâ€™t fix! I have to do mine too &amp; sheâ€™s got cracks in the muffler   You guys coming tonight?
Not all the way up to par today 
"Sat On My Arse, Cant Be Bothered To Move, But Has Work!!! "
New season of Bullshit starts tonight.  I wish I had Showtime 
Missing Cobraaaa.  Is Suavez lookin' good? Of course he is...
Not feeling very well 
@zelut hey now Im an ITT Tech grad 
Doesn't Know What To Do Today...Very Boredddd 
"@EvenAngels No, I feel horrible because I know I'm constantly bugging with my music and tech probs.  "
Feel so empty right now  and upset about my D.R. Trip. May have to cancel it
I has nothin' to do today 
@fbffph sad huh?  we have to keep refreshing lang
"i need my cellular device.  my mother took it, hah. and she's too &quot;busy&quot; to give it back. lol. grr."
i am sad brittany is gone again. 
its too hot to drive with the windows down 
"i cant beliave school is over!   its soo sad! i mean, i hate school but im gonna miss everyone sooo much! =("
trying to remember my password for my puter account 
@denverpilot I just am sad I didn't get any video from it.  
were is the the fun i think it died rest in peace fun and let the bordam begin so bord juss gotts 2 do something fun quick like fast fast 
"I want to go to the library, but it's too stinking hot out to ride "
"@abhishekupadhya Danke. Recently migrated to twitterfox. Btw, I can't use twitter at work "
@Luchianotracks lol thanks too bad my bestie talked me into going to iHop 
I hope I didn't lose my camera by the river!! 
@hornerakg Damn dude!!!!!  SO wanted to see you in France. Won't be the same with out you    So not right...
At serranos with me bffe and my blackberry must be broken bc I'm not getting any of my msgs 
http://twitpic.com/8ds7u - Testing twitpic. Closest I'll get to an Aspire One today. Blue ones are out of stock 
&lt;--- loves coming up with fun gimmicks.... And reading ten &quot;twiitz&quot; in a row from @Slapa_Da_Bass 
its raining  â˜‚
"wow has the day started shitty! Behind at work, manager a no show, tired, and got some sad news "
http://twitpic.com/8dsdg - my booooys 
@thebeanboy23 Not  in Brighton sorry 
@CBSNews  So sad about Farrah Fawcett   My condolences to Ryan and her family. What a fight she put up!!  God Bless Farrah
May Farrah Fawcett Rest in Peace I send my prayers 
@t8rtot @AmerikaG I'll join you if you will still be there round 1ish. Late lunch today. 
thinks ppl hate her...no ones IMing her and her friends arent sending emails  )-:
Ed McMahon and now Farrah Fawcett.. Sad week 
@roseahmad i miss you too. i don't know what i'd do if you moved THATTTT far 
hoping to wave good bye to the GL5.  but HELLO! to a new gibbo B-)
"school was moved again to m0nday, i'm not sure if i should be happy or not..no fuss yet no allowance..sheesh, be broke soon "
"All is not well in Jailbreakland, apparently I shouldn't have installed Icy! "
Cliff from Cheers just took some blood out my arm. It hurts now 
@edkaye I can't eat bananas anymore 
we're launching an anti-bullying campaign in Portsmouth tonight - sorry I'll miss it 
@Alienware no Canadian Love? RULE 1: You must be a US resident to play 
a catstropy never comes alone  http://bit.ly/I1auE
"Oh man, Farrah Fawcett passed away. "
An angel has spread her wings....@PerezHilton R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away. 
"On the last train before the hotel. In get changed and back into town, still haven't eaten anything!  I'll grab a dairy milk or something!"
Gotta go to work soon..looks like im takin' my paretns car since mine decided to die on me this morning 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away 
@sc430girl yup- nyquil is gone 
 mortality grows closer re: http://ff.im/4qxuO
Trying to upload a pic but it won't work 
"Trying to work with Wordpress, but it's just a MESS! &gt;&lt; I miss the simplicity of Dotclear... "
@peterfacinelli Every time I try to enter the competition I put in my details and it says the site is off-line 
@pattypuke Thanks. I don't know anything yet but  didn't get a good vibe. 
"@nytimes @cikasugeng did you got anything from Kinokuniya? Now, im cravng to read her newest novel of @megcabot  -being Nikki.  Curious!"
meeting today with @streetwizemag and @shardemonet .. i want some ice cream 
@sameergupta Aww! I had that for full one month when I had typhoid. I know the pain.. 
Which operating system should i get for my new pc? 
@PinkJoey i dunno but it sucks 
Starting addictive video games at midnight or one in the morning is not good. Didn't go to bed until three hours later. Tired 
"After a musical dry spell, I've been offered 2 gigs in the last 15 minutes.  Of course, I will be out of town so I can't take either.  "
@youngdipset 
Good Morning!!! I have a friend (Not really a friend) coming over today. 
"locked out of lab again, what are the odds "
Just  heard the sad news. RIP Farrah   Sending lots of blessings her way...
General TV Media Analyses... who has informations 
@writingdivas I agree... 
"@EllaCinderella I have no idea what those colours are, I have hardly any MAC  boo. Doing anything this eve? x"
"Deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Pat Brady, drummer from Moving Targets.  Great band, great drummer.  Rest in peace. "
well still here and not getting out until at least 2moro? 
BULLETIN -- ACTRESS FARRAH FAUCETT HAS DIED. (via @BreakingNews)  RIP Farrah
Guess no CI today.  boss man shut the shop down early. . . drats. . . try again tomorrow.
@lexiestevens i waanted to go swimming know its cold 
@Samthepoodle We get low carb stuff too.  One of our humans has diabetes 
Thought about straightening my hair but I'd be wasting my time. All this moisture is just gonna curl it again once I take the iron off. 
"I am seriously considering curling up under the duvet for a while  I hate being ill, I need to work! "
"Sittin in bed, watchin tv. i need to go to walmart!! its gunna be a boring day "
Farah Fawcett has died reports CNN 
@MacRican Nothing octane raiser &amp; 93 gas wouldnâ€™t fix! I have to do mine too &amp; sheâ€™s got cracks in the muffler  You guys coming tonight?
@JenSOyoung Cus its new! 
@ItsJayRabBaby Oh no!!  RIP
Farrah Fawcet dies of cancer at 62. 
I've got two 24&quot; Mac monitors on my desk - but I've been getting neck ache  So I've hidden half of one behind the other - so decadent!!
Yup hubz just heard on the news 
"I'm... not liking this. Guys, I just forgave you on the rules changes... wth? No Wrath? No good counters... ? I hate playing creatures. "
Farrah Fawcett has passed from cancer.. my heart breaks  this has been a long hard battle for her RIP
Charlie's Angel star Farrah Fawcett passed away.  One of the prettiest blondes I've ever landed my eyes on. RIP. JOEsus loves you.
Goodbye Farrah dear  
rt@ PerezHiltonR.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs The beloved angel has passed away.  less than a minute ago from web
thats a shame 
it's hard to be artistically inspired in ND   my fashion line looks  more like a costume wardrob for little house on the prairie
"if anyone asks, no I'm not okay and I am currently feeling every negative emotion except anger. Maybe anger a little. "
brewrat's illiterate guy died of bacterial meningitis. i was a fan of that radio show then. 
good morning; getting ready for work. then off to worrk. and after that i have softball. even though i can't do anything because my hand 
RIP Farrah Fawcett.  Two icons from my youth gone this week. Very sad.
forgot my facebook and email passwork.. dont know what to do 
@beerwars How sad.  I saw Barbara Walters talking about her this morning 
"Oh, no. Farrah Fawcett has passed away. "
@RyanSeacrest Farrah Fawcet dies of cancer at 62. 
So so sad about Farrah Fawcett... My heart goes out to her family!  RIP
"Just read that Farrah Fawcett died.   RIP, Angel."
Goodbye Farrah...God Speed... 
i dont want to become a fat duck!! 
"RIP Farrah, you were a true Angel.  "
why do i find out all the latest celeb deaths through Paris Hiltons Twitter?!?! lol R.I.P Farrah Fawcett 
@madpierrot  dead pete though
"BULLETIN -- ACTRESS FARRAH FAUCETT HAS DIED. (via @BreakingNews) Well, crap. "
@AmberMunster so sorry to hear. 
"@MrsJasperHale08 LUCKY! I want to go so bad! I'm trying to have my family go soon, so far no luck "
Aw man Bob just died on home and away 
nervous about flying tomorrow! 
@ktbeeper I'm sorry.  You never told me what the &quot;that's what she said&quot; comment was at the meeting yesterday!
"Got an exciting event planned for Cornwall College Saltash, shame I won't be there to see it through "
@potdeyahourt 
@PerezHilton prayers to her family during this hard time ! 
Ummmm...  Farrah Fawcett has passed away?  Wow  RIP 
school is out  
Very sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett.  
Still hasn't been to the zoo 
Got a parking ticket! Ugh so annoying 
dying without being able to read breaking dawn 
@ericboehs Man I can't even remember the last time I had a $100 dollar bill. Just $1s and $5s over here. 
@MiraSmits I've lived here my whole life and still scream every time ahhhhh!!! DC traffuck bites the big one! Missed the river pic 
@yurhighness What's your blogalicious deliciousness address? I read your first post (awesome btw)...but I didn't save the addy. 
"No, my london lass didn't call "
Where did the sun go? It's overcast and gloomy 
"wow..I beat @PerezHilton, @HarveyLevinTMZ and @hollywoodtv with the Farrah Fawcett news. those celeb news sites gotta step it up! "
is happy because teacher was on strike so no school phahahah    but has 2 go 2morro   
@Kdubbb @fueledbytaylor @ohaikate I MISSED THIS DAAAAAMNIT. Gosh. 
@emstar666 It was for a little! I was doing free latte Mondays a few weeks in a row  how's NYC!?
Finished Chrono Trigger DS today. Now sad. 
going to miss Horner  http://www.astana-cyclingteam.com/
"@shelby5 She needs to spend more time over here   I'd kill to see her Christmas show, I need to get my ass over to NY for it one year"
My D-SLR is sick.  I need to take it in for repair.
Very worried about Audrey. I don't think she is doing very well. 
Is still sick. Gonna be pick at least till mon. Went to doctor. Figured out i have pnuemonia 
Its tooooooooooo hot 
Farrah Faucett passed away this morning 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away.   (via @PerezHilton)
"so hungry.. and my mom wants us to go out somewhere with @_savannahXo.. but shes doing school, and then theres practice! "
metro is too crowded to tweet and it's at least 35C inside 
@jenniferawhite so sad this was cancelled 
"RIP FARRAH FAWCETT. so sad, but at least she isnt in pain anymore. "
Jennys going home today .. 
@PerezHilton it's so sad  I guess she held on as long as she could...
@mcm180 WHAT?! For real?! Farrah Fawcett died?!  *super sad*
@roxiegirl01 Oh that's so sad. 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
My email in-box has been empty for two days. I think my friends have all deserted me. 
@peterfacinelli I just went to sign up for the chair back and the &quot;Enter to Win&quot; link is not working 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away. 
@TxShelbyTx i live so close its a shame i always miss out 
"Both my laptop &amp; iPhone have died. So, I'll be away from phone, text, twitter, facebook, email, etc. for at least 2 days "
poor thing. One of our beloved Angels has passed... 
@Kram I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
Preciso de praiaaaaaaa!!!!!! Can someone take me to the beach now? 
I just heard Farrah Fawcett died... Is this true? 
People dice que Farrah Fawcett muriÃ³ http://bit.ly/j8hy6  
@l_little juntar dinheiro de onde? haueaueua 
@breakingnews reported that farrah fawcett died.  
I'm sooo lonely!!!  nobody loves me
@ashtonteal that's so sad...shes from back home 
Just had my last singing lesson  after my vacation starting im starting guitar lessons so thats gonna be cool.
@OfficialBB he hasnt walked out yet then 
I'm home alone again 
The new pre-RC release of Opera 10 STILL doesn't support Visual Tabs at the side!  Hope it makes it into final. VTs at top are stupid...
im sick of people that you think you can trust but it ends up you cant 
RIP Farrah Fawcett... that's a tough loss 
"@33percent I just got the most depressing text message, im actually buying a pair of shoes b/c of it.   WooooooooW!"
I did not just get my Virgin freefest tickets because I don't give a fuck. Home today 
"@ralphieaversa Im laying in bed trying not to puke, listening to illegal music, and booking Spain....a GA show   Yay for broken ribs!"
it's super nice out...&amp; i'm inside at work.  boo!!
Fracture clinic was a waste of time really. Having a scan on it next week. Got 2 start exercising it too 
Perez is reporting Farrah Fawcett has passed away.  Now she really is a Charlie's Angel
Farrah Fawcett died from cancer today.  Bummer. Prayers to her son and Ryan O'Neal.
Aww  How tragic!! Rip Farrah Fawcett! She will always be remembered.
We Will miss you Farrah! 
I'm gonna feather my hair today in honor of Farrah facett  see you in heaven angel
finally getting around to cleaning my room &amp; doing laundry! babysitting tonight. missing @a_Sommer @marinigh and @emmamcisaac 
RIP Farrah Fawcett  (via @whitneyhess)
OMG I FORGOT MICHEAL! So Sorry  @idoltour09
@PerezHilton what time? Too soon 
"@EDouglasWW sometimes if it's really hot, i leave the AC on for my cat. "
@feliciaodg WHAT&gt;?!?!?!?!?!??!?!??!?! OMFG...... @figgybean we lost ANOTHER one!!!!!! 
"Lovely vacation, however, the transmission in the ford is slipping. "
WILL THEY JUST CANCEL TERMS??!! IT'S CAUSING ME SO MUCH DISTRESS!!   
Why the hell 2009 is an El Nino year??   Everything is burning with the heat.. including the heads! xoxoxoxoxo..
"Windows 7 upgrades priced at Home $119.99, Professional $199.99 or Ultimate $219.99 new retail copy will be $199.99, $299.99 or $319.99 "
"Cancer-stricken star Farrah Fawcett has been given her last rites and could be close to death, ABC reported Thursday.~ How sad "
@PerezHilton R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs The beloved angel has passed away. 
Wordpressing through cellphone = NOT FUN. My fingures hurt..   why GP why? :'(
"I wish it were writing day  Alas, it is do laundry and entertain baby day."
just got up... no more 5 AM chatting convos! getting ready then going to the doctor! 
"Omg, Farrah Fawcett, passed, how sad! shes at peace now. "
"Retweeting @todayshow: Reuters: Actress Farrah Fawcett dies from cancer, age 62 -- Spokesman "
@jojo71489 ohh  I hope everythings ok!
is heavily researching about Accordance! If only I have the money now... 
it's raining ! 
@TorontoSymphony How can you have sunshine? Where are you? Still raining in Forest Hill 
"college on wednesday, really dont want to gooo.. "
I miss using my iphone 
my computer is really slow today 
is pretty fucking tired but going in to work soon anyway. not impressed with my marks .. thought i did so so much better .. 
Just had my last singing lesson  after my vacation im starting guitar lessons so thats gonna be cool.
Apparently Farrah Fawcett lost her battle with cancer. 
"@ujj power cuts in bangalore too? this is crazy, just when I am moving back "
The buses are slow in the morning. 
"Man, Farrah Fawcett just lost her battle with cancer....  I read that she only had hours left this morning. What a bummer."
http://twitpic.com/8dt2b - Shaq-tus is headed north  http://tinyurl.com/mwpks7
you kno @ the end you just can't trust some ppl 
just spent a couple of hours reading by the pond with the ducks. This is the life. Sad to leave Endcliffe 
 am sad to say i didn't get my results today somehow the school forgot to mail my results to me?? Typical. Ugh
"WHAT HAS HAPPENED ?!? i can't draw people anymore ! i can't start :S ah no ! i've not done them in ages , maybe thats why "
"RIP Farah Fawcett, owner of the most fabulous hair-do in tinsel town "
Farrah Fawcett dies of cancer at 62. 
R.I.P Farrah!   -Jay Couture-
Alone tonight... 
"@denimdebutante For some reason, TrendMicro doesn't like your site.  That means I can't see your posts at the office anymore. Sad!"
Didnt think he played well today 
it's hotter than yesterday! It's all our fault. 
workkkk... dont feel good  
"@AlanDistro Movies are indeed, sucking harder and harder "
farrah fawcett has died...very sad 
People.com says Farrah Fawcett has passed away. 
@princess_die that's what I'm hearing. One of the original angels. 
Awww! My belly hurt! 
Announced just now that Farrah Fawcett has died.. 
BREAKING NEWS: Actress Farrah Fawcett dies after long battle with cancer; Rest in Peace Farrah 
"rip farrah fawcett she was such an amazing woman, I'll be praying for her family "
@Normy_Lohan she died now 
Why does it have to be so cold? 
the poster's ingrained in my brain. Farrah Fawcett RIP. every boy's crush my age. 
Comp just died. 
apparently Farrah Faucet passed away.  I always loved her hair.
Remembering Farrah Fawcett 
RIP Farrah. You will be missed  
Don't like my new haircut... 
"In paper cut city...clicking my red heels, wishing I were home in bed "
@chicagocali15 just got 2 the gig ppl 4rm diff floors keep asking me whats wrong. Nuthin is wrong I just cant smile   &amp; I STILL HVNT EATEN
The family and friends of sweet Farrah Fawcett are in my prayers.  So sad but she suffers no more. God Bless! â™¥
 Farrah Fawcett dies of cancer at 62. http://bit.ly/OnhYd
"RIP Farrah Fawcett, one of the most famous Angels is gone. "
@kirsssty ino i love them to soo upset  just atleast want something trying to think of people who likes them and would go nothing though
"@Mommykins41 mee tooo  she was such a good person. but she's ok now, she's with God!"
"I was invited to a rooftop party in Chicago. Not sure if I can make, cause I'm out of funds "
I want my hair back 
RIP Farrah.  what a talented actress and strong woman.
sooo soooo soooo sad that Farrah Fawcett passed away 
Farrah Fawcett died...  (Just got a breaking news alert from the Ottawa Citizen)
"@identitykrysis See - I'm Irish, and I tend to cycle every summer - alabaster, burnt, back to alabaster, burnt, etc.  "
I've just banged my head really hard and what did my fella do?? Fuck all the nob!! Sorry about the languange but its how I feel 
Farrah Fawcett Has Died at Age 62  today.
Seeing reports that Farrah Fawcett has died.  She was my favourite Charlie's Angel. RIP.
@PRETTYYYMESS i just saw it on the news  isn't that sad? she was like 62.
@cathrin_theo i misss you 
"@wilhelminaaah feel better, Kimberface.  Wish I could do more than send lame text messages but alas."
I'm in class! Political science.. 
my wendy's potato was far better than my nuggets. lunch decision fail 
@sasultana Farrah Fawcett died   Just be careful outside...the weather channel was saying another storm would roll in about 1.5-2 hours.
"Damnit, option #1 just called to try working something out.    I'm sad but at least I have a place to live."
Raging at broken Skype  Where is @toritruslow? 
LIFE is so unfair sometimes 
Farrah Fawcett 1947 - 2009 Good bye to a classy lady! 
taking a lil nap nap  b4 i head off to wrk 
@khali_blache *hugs* for you m'dear... 
Farrah Fawcet has passed. 
 poos Farrah. her last 3 years have been soooo sad.
@cloverest god damn it I want a fuckin beagle so bad 
"I guess I have to leave the house: 27 Degrees C, = HAWT! TOO HAWT! "
@trismac   I had no idea until I read UR tweet!  
My homepage still refuses to update. 
@PerezHilton R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs The beloved angel has passed away. 
Sad... Farrah Fawcett just passed away. Cancer. Cancer sucks. 
Just had a bit of a fall off a bike. While PUSHING it. Cuts and bruises all over the place 
@nowandforevermn no sir. 
@HartHanson Awww...that's so sad 
Farah fawcet has just passed away. 
Rest in Peace Farrah 
Rest in peace farrah. You will be missed more than you know. 
"Rest in Peace, Farrah Fawcett... "
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett and the little baby girl who was found dead in a car today in DK. So awful when people die 
Farrah Fawcett has passed away  May she Rest In Peace.
@purplepleather NO!!! R U SERIOUS??? 
"Sad, Ed McMahon and Farrah Fawcett in one week.  http://bit.ly/gYQIS "
FARRAH FAWCETT DIED!  And her beautiful hair  http://tinyurl.com/mbp49v
Sad.... Farrah Fawcett has lost her battle with cancer and joined the real angels... RIP 
@theVIPERroom 
In my yard but i soooo wish i was at the beach right now  http://znl.me/O7WYH
about to go to work  cnt wait
@anddog1 my signature? That's my handwriting 
aw Farrah Fawcett died. that's sad 
I'm really sad about Farrah  I HATE cancer! I wish we could find something to BEAT that disease!
Gotta clean today 
Rest Peacefully Farrah Fawcett!!!! 
@TouringRider Thanks for the suggestion. It's not the battery; it tests at 12 volts. Just clicks.  Starter motor fine. Bad contact maybe? 
Unpacking is a lot more fun than packing.  I don't want to go back to the old house again. 
Off 2 work 
Farrah Fawcett died today at St. John's Health Center in Los Angeles after a courageous and lengthy battle with cancer. 
@janaej I was joking with @amandablum about flying there bc she was making yum fried chicken.....not actually going. 
"@teamDdemiLovato i know that now, after i made my self look like a complete idiot!! "
waiting for my dad to finish cooking our lunch. I'm really really really really hungry!!!!! 
"Peace the spork out, Farrah. "
I think I will attempt to feather my hair today for Farrah   very very sad - may she have peace now
@Adeline604 That's really a shame...  At least it's over for Farrah Fawcett now.
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away.    so sad
I'm missing not talking to you today; and the weekend'll span an eternity till I see you again 
Glad to be home at last! Work was actually hell today - bloody projectors 
Sad that Farrah Fawcett passed. Other than my mom she's the first woman I thought was beautiful. I was probably 6 years old at the time. 
"@jschind5804 Hope you have fun tonite...if it doesnt get cooler, you'll be going solo! "
@ work for another 6 hours 
@PsychicCrayon 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcet.  
 RIP Farrah. May your hairstyle live forever. &lt;3
@Mommykins41 Sad 
RIP Farrah Fawcett so sorry to hear the news 
R.I.P miss Farrah Fawcett a great woman. she will be remembered forever 
Farrah Fawcett died this morning 
@aimeenbarnes I'm actually referencing office worker situations. This is pervasive in the culture. sad 
Just woke up. Had a good dream. Mmmm. Wish I could lounge and bed to keep dreaming about it. But gotta get up 
Starving. Someone please bring me something to eat 
Getting more done today then I thought....I just cannot find the IRB application anywhere!! 
Rest in Peace Farrah Fawcett 
"@Raatek she's beautiful, she looks so young "
RIP Farrah  Such a huge part of my childhood
@eonline the world will surely miss her so much 
@danecook or they only had 1 imaginary friend - and they prolly didn't get along 
so sad about farrah fawcett. rip  
@lisarinna very sad Lisa...she is freeeeeeeeeeee an Angel in Heaven xoxo 
Link: Farrah Fawcett Dies of Cancer at 62  http://tumblr.com/x5h25fy5j
Farrah Fawcett has died from cancer at age 62.    The angel is the with the angels.
watching clips fro kfest which i didn't get 2 g2 
is at the last SOAR  .....but had a great time last night...watta cutie ;)
Aw...Rest in Peace Farrah Fawcett 
Farrah has left us  tho I am not religious..god bless her and give her peace at last.
"Farrah Fawcett, my fellow Texas Longhorn, has lost her battle with cancer  So sad. RIP"
Got bited by some kinda bug in the pool 
I don't know why but I feel insecure..  hope this is not a bad sign
So sad...farrah fawcett lost her battle with cancer  may she rest in peace...
ouch! my back really hurts and it looks like i won't make it to the gym  puchita!
Work work work 
"@unemployedbush i am sure that you looked totally hot in those spurs and chaps, i am sorry i missed it. "
why cant someone be more sponteneous and romantic... haiz... no use hoping...  better slp...2mrw long day at work again...
hopes her A/C gets fixed today.  It's a lil hot. 
@mondayskies IT'S TRAGIC BUT TRUE  (and wow TweetDeck is seriously super convenient )
Oh no Charlie's Angel Farrah Fawcett passed away at the age of 62 
@AndiiSmilez I miss them too! 
...now it's again not working in all my browsers...  !identica session token / internal server error 500
@graemeainslie  I'm trying to sort the issue out but I have no idea whats causing it lol. How are you anyways?
@billydmims I believe the celtics will finally have a challenge .. Just cause of shaq going to the cavs 
@mimidancer  Yeah i have odd moments too... My parents are psychologists 
@tnkgrl That's why there's still no official Qik App in the App Store and Sling is limited to WiFi only. 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett 
couscous i want to go to glasto 
@MouseisTheWal R.I.P. Gizmo? 
@FenricWolf I don't have a USB to transmit it on to the computer 
There is no food in my house 
"RIP Farrah Fawcett... that breaks my heart  I don't know why, but I was still somewhat hopeful for her."
Wow rip farrah 
"@scottsands I'm jealous! Hope you had fun at the show, I couldn't make it "
@MelissaEGilbert very sad Melissa she is in Heaven....a real Angel now xoxo 
@mileycyrus i know!  R.I.P
sad news...farrah fawcett just passed away 
OMG. thought i squashed my first cockroach ever. but apparently not. and it's now somewhere under my bed 
@_iPiNk_ just chilling out i got my toncils out and that sucked 
@ricksanchezcnn Ryan ONeil was supposed to wed her they said within days..i wonder if they did  truly a sad day..She was a brave soul
@tysonj And it's probably only upgradeable from Vista too. 
@MouseisTheWal sorry for your loss 
seriously Mrs Fawcett is gone???.....omg 
oh how sad - Farrah Fawcett has died at 62.   
@starbright31 Me either. I don't like it here outside of the loop! 
@CourtBethune for reals 
I already miss my baby 
@aldoturangan karna I had a bad afternoon! Ruins the whole europe mood. 
@ThisIsRobThomas I figured that after I saw the TV in the dorm lobby. Sad. 
@sharifedak I'm about to be in Towson! Well in an hour. hoho. i dont like raspberries though 
"feeling sad, because I am not in ATL to celebrate my friend's birthday "
"This morning, it looked like today was going to be a pretty productive day.  Then Steven turned on the PS3. "
"RIP Farrah Fawcett, per CNN she passed away at 9:28aPT/12:28pET today. "
@Tolsonii Oooooohhhhh how sad..... 
"@p0sixninja tks, but this time Apple made things so hard. They hide all the weak points in the board  all ICs is the newest model ..."
making lunch in the apartment and going back for more work 
stiLL headache!~ 
@samquerrey talk about getting kicked when you're down.. 
"oh my gosh; i feel like death. i need to puke, but i can't. "
My hair is blonde and orange. . . The red is fading since i've bleached it. 
Farrah died.           and mindy and the kids trashed the house since Sunday
"@peterfacinelli i am so glad that u are and always will be Team Edward, i don't really like Jacob fans "
Dammit she died before they could get married 
"Today I saw something that I shouldn't have seen. But, what has been seen cannot be unseen... "
"@runkeeper #runkeeper disappointed that had my best run of the week and GPS failed me, ran at least 3mile in 25 mins "
@jacvicious i want some too 
Goin to pick mom up &amp; headin to court 
my eye ball is fat from a bug bit.  I look weird  this is bad for my exceedingly high self image.
No beach today  stupid stanky weather. Out and about soon. Momma can't make me clean forever..
RIP Farrah Fawcett... a heartbreaking story... She is finally at peace now 
farrah fawcett passed away  but her amazing story will live on.
some ones playing backstreet boys in g hostel 
Aargh aargh why is boss early day BEFORE I need to leave at 5.30 and late on day I have to? Now praying tube runs fast  on stage in 1hr
"@msgoofy1970: Well, I owe ya some gas money...but it's not near that much.  Be careful with Wayne. "
 :'( where ius that one person that can make me smile 
Spent 4 hours untangling a light today. My mind hurts from the concentration 
Farah Fawcett is dead. Goodbye Charlie's Angel  http://bit.ly/mkDn1
my sister can never do anything with me. she pisses me off so much. 
lost my purple urkle 
Home! Missed all of Neighbours 
Wait.. where are my updates from yesterday?! They vanished into thin air 
"Hairdresser off 2day  bout 2 take it ol school mommy bout 2 perm my hair! Jus bought da perm dtwn, bye bye naps, hello fresh wash &amp; set!"
RIP Farrah Fawcett  her story hits so close to home....it kindoff hurts. ILY Mommy
WHAT HAPPEN TODAY??? looks like a bad day shining 
its when you say 'eh' that i hate it the most cos that's when you gotta go. 
Aww  what a fighter Farrah Fawcett passed...
Damn. RIP Farrah Fawcett has died at age 62.  
@electricbluebrd  ... today?
"Retweeting @jimlokay: Farrah Fawcett dead: http://kdka.com/national/Farrah.Fawcett.hospital.2.977566.html &lt;-- so sad, too young "
aww farrah passed away 
@mjoseff - I know!  I'm so sad I won't be there to see them 
"@mystifiedLaLa Too many deaths this year, I can't handle it "
@IZZYeatsBABIES TEAR. Oh that saddens me.  I'll just have to buy it online I suppose.
@MissKellyO Me too Kelly! At least she wont have any more pain 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett...my thoughts are with her family. 
ughhh STFU i dont feel good 
Gah I think my doctor just laughed at me. She's usually so nice 
according to French news after 2nd July the search for AF447 may be over as the signals will fade &amp; be silent forever more.. 
Rest in peace farrah. 
"Just realized my lunch is baking away in my car, many miles away. "
Woke up at 1 pm. Not nice. Gotta study Math the wholee day 
laina leaves today 
its very hotttt in nj but cant go in poool 
@SuperstarDJRay I am very saddened  My grandma and cousin are both battling cancer right now
@PerezHilton Farrah is in Heaven Perez...a Real Angel now...hugzzzzzzz  xoxo
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away.   (via @PerezHilton) she was so strong &amp; brave.
Farrah Fawcett just died. sad   Not sure what that says about marriage tho since  Ryan O'Neal just proposed couple days ago. lol.
"Farrah Fawcett died?  So sad, shes in Heaven now."
S***!!! i don't want a new channel layout for youtube!! i like the way it is now.. 
"@lynnder oh noooo! I never knew that... I guess it makes sense, though. "
@madinalake So no more walking into doors or constant brownie updates with your phone?  Sad daaaay! Kill it at warped guys! See ya soon!
It's strange to feel so sad when someone dies that you have never met. RIP Farrah. 
@keenorga I doubt that this is the right thing to do  X4
@PaoMiami OMG SHE DIED?! 
Shame for just talk in English and Portuguese. 
"RIP, Farrah.  Sad.    I wanted to be an Angel so badly."
"Farrah Fawcett passed away.   She was a wonderful woman, God bless her. R.I.P"
"eating . i want back - baby, It's fact "
And Angel goes back to Heaven: Rest in Peace Ms. Farrah Fawcett 
Farrah Fawcett has passed away.  Very sad  http://tinyurl.com/lowvec (L.A. Times)
No! not Farrah Fawcett  Hollywood is dieing out like crazy lately! 
@Jendalyn Ughh now i have to wait forever  I said be here at 1:30!!!!
@AlbertusDimas @bete_xpop @NaDYa_niQuE Did any of you guys notice that i felt asleep 30 mins before the movie was finished? silly me 
Oh no! Farrah fawcett died  she was so beautiful.
@TrueRandomGal Very very sad 
I was just thinking of Farrah Fawcett the other day  Rest in Peace Farrah
Thank you Farrah Fawcett for existing. you will be truly missed. 
"is going to miss elie unimaginably  wish I coulda been there this morning, bud. I miss you and I love you, and goodbye. (L)"
"@chicityenvy Haha, I'll try to but I'm broke "
have seen Pearl Harbor.. me loving that movie... always cried 
rest in peace farrah fawcett  you will honestly never be forgotten
@Ashuchan DEEP FRIED WHAT?   
Just woke up from the phone ringing 
i am sooooooo sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett! 
Awww RIP Farrah  I had her red bathing suit poster on my wall as a kid.
is getting ready for a long day 
@HematiteGoddess I just read that on another Twitter but don't see anny news about it. I guess it was just announced not long ago? Sad. 
dont no why but i can never concentrate on coursework! 
" @cnnbrk: Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62."
"Farrah faucett has lost her battle with cancer.  I adored her growing up, even had the Farrah haircut. "
"is still on the job hunt, plus this heat, man my life is really at a stand still "
Rest in peace Farrah 
"recently , I have nothin interesting to tweet about   . usually I have unusual events or something stupid happens to me , bt not recently"
@shenangagain 
im starving and we have nothing to eat in the house.   
I'm sooo sad about farrah fawcet 
"RIP Farrah Fawcett, you will be missed. "
Farrah Fawcett Has Died  I'm going to go Watch Charlie Angels!
Saw the second episode of Six Feet Under season 2 last night. The ending was heartbreaking. 
"lemon honey tea, i have three weeks worth of laundry to do. "
@frannnyyyrulez man i wish i could go. 
"Charlie's Angels may have been a jigglefest at times, but it was one of the first shows to have women kicking ass &amp; taking names. #farrah "
so sad farrah fawcett has died at the age of 62  she will be missed
"Aw, damn.  First Ed McMahon, now Farrah. "
Ahh Sad about Farah Fawcett 
"is saddened to hear of the death of Farrah Fawcett.  She fought a good fight, keeping her in my prayers and thoughts. "
"ugh, stayed up way too late then took a nap. now I feel worse.  not so good. hope you are all doing better than I am today."
trying to figure out twitter 
@Tamori_80 It's really sad. 
Farrah Fawcett died  So sad. I hope she is in a better place; R.I.P
"Goodbye, Farrah "
ADDX is dead today 
Celebrity deaths come in 3. Ed mcm farah fawcett. Who is next 
I wish I had one of those jobs were you get the summers off. It's beautiful outside and I'm stuck inside this dreadful box 
RIP Farrah Fawcett  You were one classy lady.
@whatswhat_sian so sad ... 
rest in peace to farrah fawcett 
@AngieWrites started already 
So so sad!!  I always admired and fashioned the Farrah Fawcett hair. I even have the FF doll 
I hate I miss my am walk with my 2 partners  20 flights it is
Reading: 'Charlie's Angel' Farrah Fawcett dies at 62 - Yahoo! News - How sad   http://bit.ly/1uzm2F
Love Farrah Fawcett this is sooo sad  America's sweetheart RIP
That is sad... It just popped up on E 
@eve6er69 - I really do feel bad about the poor little thing. 
omg farrah fawcett died half an hour ago 
 Miyazaki tickets sold out in a half hour.  and i didn't get one 
@KhloeKardashian Amen sweet Khloe...Farrah is in Heaven now A Beloved Angel...hugzzzzzzzzzzzz xoxo 
Farrah passed away today  so sad
"keeping a close eye on my dog Pongo....poor thing, had a HUGE run in with a doe last night...she's walking like an old lady today... "
Rest In Peace Farrah Fawcett 
My dad is outside working and my poor cat is out in the unbarable heat 
"I'm still stuck.....gotta get going....btw, the carpel tunnel in my left hand is getting bad...another shot? probly  not soon tho."
@AtomicKelli Just realized my message to you the other day have the wrong name! 
"I am already getting jacked up for football season, and training camps don't even start for another month! "
oh my god I just heard that farrah fawcett died  that's so sad.
oh no! farrah fawcett dead at age 62  we all knew it was coming but it's still super sad - may she rest in peace http://tinyurl.com/lowvec
@TimHawkFan NO WAY!!!  Wow an American Icon has passed 
"@FaeriedTreasure awwwww, thats sad "
I'm soooooooo bored in this class! Some one help me please make me laff... 
@kurtshoe so pissed i have to work all weekend and can't go to the lake... 
im toooo warm 
Off to work in the thunder and lightning! 
needs her iced tall caramel machiato happiness. like so badly.. 
@MSWindows never mind the site is working now sorry 
Well Farrah Fawcett is now chilling with Ed McMahon. RIP guys you will be missed.  Cancer took 2 more cool people
@laurenazios at least they cover you...my insurance is claiming preexisting conditions so i get to foot the whole bill for $300/mo ins. 
@p_kaye Hey P....I miss yooooou 
Farrah Fawcett has died. At least she doesn't have to suffer anymore. 
@ScorpioEyes10 @MrYeah83 i thought it was comin out this summer 
going to attempt to Fill all the safe cig orders today and mail them.....sucks being sick 
Saddened that Farrah Fawcett is gone.   Her fight was inspiring.
Just heard the grim news that one of the quintessential American beauties just passed  I will wear the Farah 'do as tribute today.
"Cancer Sucks  RIP, Farrah"
@Stefan_MK1  Now I just want to hug you.
I'm in a pretty bad mood and I have no damn idea why! Grr! 
@laerwen I just got the CNN tweet.  RIP.  
My keyboard is broken  Ahh work tonight!
only 12 weeks remaining 
i think today is the day were i have twittered the most all because of this BOREDOM!!!! 
Sad that Farah Fawcett just passed away 
Just had dinner.. not much of an apettite... 
my discount code doesnt make much difference...   if ur buying from Clandestine: code : TAYLOR 10% off
"Once again, I'm chickening out... "
@missinthia oh no way!!! how sad - they didn't have time to get married 
"@bubblet0ess thanks hun, i hope you feel better too na jaa.. i hate it though, there's nothing else wrong i'm just coughing! seng  x"
 Farrah Fawcett has passed away 
no one does/did feathered hair like Ms Fawcett.. &amp; Ive tried...still trying.. 
Leavers BBQ was nothing special 
is saddened to hear about Farrah Fawcett. Rest in Peace. &lt;# 
@buckhollywood it's so sad that she died 
rip farrah fawcet...she was a true icon. its a sad day. 
"CAN'T BEAT LIVE MUSIC, WISH I COULD SING BUT I CAN'T "
Charlie lost an angel today   Very sad   http://twurl.nl/k5bw5m
"at work, and very bored "
"It's weird how celebrities go in threes. Carradine, McMahon and now Farrah. "
"@adelate Farrah's dead? Had no idea.. RIP Farrah, indeed. "
Very sad news.  Farrah Fawcett passed away.  
"I'm so sad to hear the news about Farrah Fawcett... She was a Corpus Christi native, and will be missed dearly. "
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett...  A super-hottie to the end.  Now a real angel.
damn my plans 4 2morrow r cancelled now wat am supposed to do 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett.  so sad.
Retweeting @secretagentmama: Rest in Peace Farrah Fawcett..  http://is.gd/1dfIb
"Yay, Haruhi Endless Eight part 2/3! And I thought two episodes were too many "
We really need to keep doing our parts to help find a cure for cancer. Too many lives have been loss to cancer. RIP Aunt Alice I love you 
Rest in peace Farrah  What a sad day
Ah huge bummer. R.I.P. Sky Saxon. The Seeds owned it in their day   http://bit.ly/mD3pI
" I jinxed my good mood, I say I'm happy and all that cause Nicks the father to sharons baby and now Farrah dies... didn't know her but its"
"ahh it's too nice out, don't want to be at work right now "
@keithprivette aw it doesn't DVR... It's online only at http://foxnews.com/strategyroom Sorry  It streams only only.
The lasagna wasn't very good today    thank god for snickers bars...
@SimplyStar  me too 
Sick  I might have Influenza AH1N1 
"on a brighter note, tmrw's pay day and is a little meaningless to me coz i have many things to settle on n ZARA is waving at me already "
Farrah Fawcett.  She was a couragous fighter.
It won't rain anymore. 
"@MissKellyO oh no, just read it on bbc breaking news. Waay to young "
@officialmgnfox 
@Ecgric It is sad... she battled colon cancer for 2+ years 
rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
Just made a small scratch on my iPhone  .. Bumped it against the tp holder. Public stalls are way too small! TT__TT
"Rest in peace, farrah fawcet "
rest in peace farrah fawcett. how sad. 
@milkbone19 I know girl. So sad   http://myloc.me/5CGf
WHY is the picture Gi tweeted of Marvin not showing up?  I wanted to save it.
wishes Momma wasn't suffering at work 
4 hours of sleep? I'll take it.   RIP Farrah 
Farrah Fawcett is now God's Angel 
I wish people would learn to flush the toilet in public places 
Farrah Fawcett died this morning.  
Farrah Fawcett....certainly a soldier that can finally now rest.  Sad to see her go 
@RiskyBusinessMB i want to meet you!!!  please please please come to the uk  xxx
"@missdra Yes, they probably do, but I'm just that pumped about wanting a chicken baconator and technically they don't exist "
@DarthSarah Poor Ryan O'Neal.  He's got to be heart broken.  
I am not looking forward to telling my mom  She loved Farrah as much as she loved Bea (and I feel the same as well).
RIP Farrah Fawcett  She was only 62. And still beautiful. Sad week for celebs.
Ok so I woke up late and I am now starting to drink the oral solution 
torres on the cover of the new Pro Evo.... poor..... very poor  FIFA ftw
Farah faucet  rest in peace 62509
letti threw my contacts out 
"I just saw a pigeon get clipped by a car. Poor thing flew away, but there were feathers everywhere. "
aww @sharifedak we're not close anymore 
I don't have an appetite and I'm at a buffet  this saddens me
R.I.P Farrah Fawcett ... Mankind lost one of its bravest angels. 
Omg Farrah fawcet passed away today. I hate when anyone passes it's soo sad. God bless her family and may she RIP 
@rememberthedays no performance are you seeeerious 
#Farrah Fawcett has passed away.  http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/TV/06/25/obit.fawcett/index.html
I am so very saddened... I have always adore her.   Farrah Fawcett R.I.P.     *sigh*
"@dangwhat I'm in plano (190 &amp; midway) far from uptown, trust me "
 RIP Farrah Fawcett just heard the news...
RIP Farrah Fawcett ... thoughts and prayers for her family and friends 
awww RIP Farrah Fawcett  bummer @takianballard I didn't know til I saw your post
"Sounds tastey! We woulda been shooting Saturday babe, but I gotta get them funds up...    maybe next month@BarbieBibiana"
Just heard Farrah Fawcett passed away  RIP Farrah!!!
Watching king kong alone because steve doesn't like it 
OMG FARRAH FAWCETT DIED. She was my hair idol...  rest in peace.
I've never been so sad to leave work! I won't see my boss for a month and a half!!!!! 
Farrah Fawcett has passed away after losing her battle with cancer.  - http://bkite.com/08Tv6
@jonesin4cali nope...that why I said I &quot;wish&quot;. Picadilly was bulldozed (a house built in 1917) the Summer of 2007 if I'm not mistaken. 
"OMG cannot believe farrah fawcetts passed on , R.I.P        "
"GUYS, farrah fawcett, ed mcmahon, and david carradine died within the same month.  this is making me emo right now."
@Rikku819 Fuccccccckkkkkk!!! That is so sad 
@HartHanson Please send my condolences to Ryan O'Neal. 
"@ziggysego Yeah, I spent many a teenage night wishing I'd been born 40 years earlier. "
It's soooo hot. I don't deal with heat well. 
Just realized we missed our chiropractor appointment this morning.  Now to reschedule...
So long Farrah 
"@Fisher6225 I know, this really sucks "
@indiAAli No mam I wish!!! I am in Tuscaloosa  what about you?
Microsoft just doesn't get it  Check out their feeble justifications for using Word to render emails:  http://ow.ly/fQhU
#Farrah Fawcett has passed away.  http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/TV/06/25/obit.fawcett/index.html by @spokesnwheels [1611]
 So sad to see you go Farrah. Thanks for being my hottie girl I wanted to be when I grew up!
Farrah Fawcet has passed away at 62  
RIP Farrah Fawcett  I watched her special&amp;admired her strength so much!Glad she's no longer in pain now.She'll 4eva be remembered
Just heard that Farrah passed away.  
@Has_Bookpushers It sucks to watch someone suffer and decline like that 
You guys might hate me for saying this.. But I don't understand Rolando! 
how can the sims not come @ChrispyCrittr  oh well... yeah u need to get back to CC asap
"oh, how sad. farrah fawcett just died less than an hour ago. "
Farrah fawcett died of cancer today 
Im so sad Farrah Fawcett died. she was a true angel  RIP
omg farrah fawcett rest in peace. she is in a better place now  now she really is an angel 
at the gym &amp; just found out about farrah- thats so sad 
RIP Farrah  Feathered hair will never be the same! You'll be missed.
blaaaaarg... 4 more hours to go 
@BrittGastineau very sad  Our Beloved Angel! xoxo hugzzzzzzzzzzzz
"@barnoah Ah yes, there are quite a few Texans who come up and compete in the Rodeo at Stampede.. I don't have authentic boots "
RIP Farrah. 62 is no age 
"somethings wrong with me, im pretty sure..i dont have any energy. and i feel awful.  this isnt fun."
"Aw damn, eb games and wal-mart don't have it "
"@gipsy_dreamer she's gone, then? I knew she didn't have long left "
Goodbye Angel! We'll miss you  #FarrahFawcettRIP
Rest in Peace Farrah Fawcett 
Farrah Fawcett has died   sending love and condolences to her family and friends http://bit.ly/I65t7
sooo i think last night i was slipped some E... am i happy about this? noooooo 
Farrah Fawcett has died at age 62 
"How sad....Farrah Fawcett has died.  Well, at least she will no longer be suffering."
Laptop upgrade from #Hardy to #Jaunty was a massive failure   Upside is that it only took 20 minutes to reinstall a fresh copy of #Jaunty!
@CreditGrade  My credit grade was a D! 
@scoopemup why u send ya condolences to me? cuz of Farrah 
"@kyuhyunnie I heard a sound...like a person kick the chair nearby.Nobody around.My stomach shrinked.So scared,oppa! "
being below average sucks! 
My house = powerless. 
"@Tacoluv Yes, she had cancer...I'm not sure what kind "
Sad news every1 Farrah Fawcett has died of cancer at age 62 
@JooTae she's having a party in heaven with Jesus! wish I was invited  hehe miss you Briana
Crap! Firefox is not working. :/ So now I am using IE 
@Kitt69 thats awful about the homeless guy!!!!! 
"Aw, sad about Farrah Fawcett. Was hoping she'd get a miracle. "
jus heard farrah fawcett passed 
Rest in peace farrah fawcett. Sad day 
saw a skinny kitten with its mother  I could only give some food ( soooorrryyy kitty.. T_T
Farrah is dead 
is so so sad to hear that farrah fawcett passed away. i'm praying for her and her loved ones! 
just doesnt understand you anymore and wants to know why you changed 
Starting work at 11am is great!     Until I think about how long I might have to be here 
Farrah Fawcett  you will be missed 
@GeorgiaPrincez You left last night and I missed you....    But I posted this morning. ;)  hehe
So my computer is in this city but I wasn't here to sign for it so I still don't have it 
Couple of hours to add one more number to my age  aaargh this cold.. im feeling not everything is fine..
@acebowman lol you are so goofy but Farrah Fawcett died of cancer 
BNO News has independently confirmed that actress Farrah Fawcett lost her battle to cancer this morning. (via @BreakingNews)  Sad...
RIP farah fawcett.  now you can officially be Charlie's angel.
just wants to sleep 
awww so sad about Farrah Fawcett RIP 
@krisgarvey that's so upsetting. She and Ryan never had a chance to wed 
still waiting for food 
Damn...another adolescent fantasy gone. RIP Farrah Fawcett. 
"@DeJaStar oh, I hadn't seen that yet.    So sad."
Wow Farrah Fawcett died too?  Really sad!!!  
Farrah Fawcett has passed away at 62 
i missed you! i'm sick.... 
"R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett, I will miss your beautiful smile "
I want some pinkberry but I on my way to lunchieeee @ Phillipe but I really want some Pinkberry! I guess I'll wait 
Guess who just remembered that her bank card is in her scrub top pocket from last night? damn damn damn! Haste makes waste 
"@dots731 I know, sad "
"First #EdMcMahon, now #FarrahFawcett... #Cancer is such a devestating disease  #RIP"
@Lou1510 Haha Yup You Would Have! Oh Man How Sad Was Neighbours? 
"@officialmgnfox Its very sad about Farrah  I'm sorry about your kitty too, I know how that feels."
Sucky Day! 
"@xfftl8myheartx Yeah, that's a bit long "
"Wow ITS BEAUTIFUL outside! took a long walk, now back to work. "
@ImBurble we got turned away at the last minute as they took away 300 seats.  We queued for 3.5 hours!!!!! 
@RiskyBusinessMB i couldn't meet you guys last night cause some random guy started yelling at me about how i couldn't stand there.  haha
"@danielamezcua So sad  life is but a moment or like the life span of a cut flower...rest in peace, my prayers are with her family."
@MOMONEYBIGGY DAMN I JUST KNEW U WAS GONNA BRING ME TURKEY BACON   OK U CAN BRING IT 2MORROW
@skysthalimit  Yea but producers should also give good tracks! Im having da hardest time finding good tracks 
"@gogreen18  I'm sorry for all the haters Laci, I support you all the way. Is there any way I can donate from England?"
now i can imagine how the drums bugged without my grandpa 
@tvdnews omg o.o we are just promoting!! that's so unfair  i think it's too much...thanks buddy!
@MyLoveIsAmazing Lmaoooo im so sorry and i spoke to u yesterday! completely slipped my mind.. i sowwy 
@tommyreilly Awww i didnt know u were playing in Dundee today!! Had the day off aswell!!  u comin back anytime soon??
Feeling like crap all of a sudden.  maybe lunch will help...
cant wait to move out! 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett  i knw how her son is feeling  *tears*
miss his lips too much  x
My hair has grown a lot but there are so many split ends now 
UBER Bummed...Jose show cancelled 
once again im waking up earlier than i need to but not getting enough sleep WHYYYY cant i go back to bed 
Played Mafia wars in facebook. Didn't get anything 
doesn't like fighting with her fella 
@greatbrittania That's what I was thinking. 
Playing jenga at work today.  I lost  http://yfrog.com/e6f5ij
@r0ckcandy oh how sad  RIP.
"I'm not sure if you have heard, but Farrah Fawcet has passed away "
I'm upset I can't make my 'she can farrah faw-sit on my dick anytime' joke anymore 
"@Kyabean oh no!  I knew about her condition but it's still so shocking :,("
Can't believe Ferrah Fawcett passed away  Say a prayer for her family please!
@simplystardust yay you've got a fox too!Emily was supposed to be doing some cookery with MrsPB but she's got rubbish exams to do first 
Farrah Fawcett died this morning. Sad. 
"R.I.P Farrah Fawcett..You will be missed  Our hearts go out to your family, friends, and loved ones..."
"omg farrah fawcett  i just watched her documentary a few days ago, was bawling like a baby"
It's beautiful today. Would have been the best day to start my tan but I have to work. 
Farrah Faycett died too??   I feel like everyone is dying...
"@Jpcashcash I wanna  see you guys so bad at the Warped Tour, but i can't go  but i met i at a Metro Station concert"
"Sigh...sad, sad news: farrah is gone. "
@_jaye i'm on the fence. it's more like a help family out trip vs a have fun trip. 
haven't been around for a while - been busy packing up my life in cardiff  only a couple of days left here now 
@AgentBooth what happened? 
Aww poor Farrah. Well at least she can't suffer no more. RIP Charlie's angel 
My mom started crying when I told her Farrah Fawcett is dead 
going wedding dress shopping today!!!! yay!!! I guess fred supposedly &quot;forgot&quot; cuz she said she WAS GOING TO THE BEACH!!!!!!! 
@DeityDesignz Awww whats wrong D.D 
"Just saw a hummingbird hit the library window, moved him to the brush where he can recover safely. Poor guy  http://twitpic.com/8dupd"
@applejacque I feel bad her and Ryan didn't get to remarry before she passed 
Prayers and thoughts and condolences to the family of Farrah Fawcett. You'll be missed 
starting summer class next week ugh not excited 
@Ravish30 Sorry to hear about your bad alllergic reaction.  I hope they will figure out what caused it.
I need friends on twitter 
"first Ed, now Farrah. "
I fell on my crutches again 
@Gemstars I would love to but I can't message you...missing reply button 
@T4Otalia  2day..it just went across the tv...as a new report 
Heading off to work 
looking a little pink 
Farrah Faucet died.  so sad. She was a strong woman
@lizzardescobar i saw it for about 5 minutes. then it went away again 
Farrah Fawcett has passed away 
RIP Farrah Fawcett...that's really sad.  
@whenyougethigh Well said. Keep us updated! 
"Awww, Farrah Fawcett passed  - It's a shame Ryan O'Neal didn't get a chance to marry her"
So sad about Farrah Fawcett.    RIP.
@jessakelly thanks! St vital area. No puppies allowed  settlewrs of Catan is encouraged though. Bingo tables too.
The WROST DAY EVER!!! Dropped my iPhone 3G in the sea and everything was GONE!!!!!!!!!!! Damn!!!!!! 
"@LittleRabbit aww bet you are a lovely sis! Thing that gets me is not 1 of my friends felt bad for my daughter, just had go at me "
Farrah Fawcett died too??  I feel like everyone is dying...
Doing homework at the beach 
@kaspershow  oh no   rip farrah  
hates to hear that Farrah Fawcett passed away....my thoughts and prayers are with her family. She will be missed 
needs a massage.. can't move my right arm too good 
"Breaking News: Farrah Fawcett has died after her long cancer battle, according to MSNBC headline. "
"Gone For Walk With Benwell , But I Wanted To Dye His Beard... Not Today  "
@issamel btw whens Blink 182? and why do you keep thinking of japan thats weird! hey call me my computer sucks! 
....goodbye farraw 
@Brand0nn  nope. sorry 
"Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62. "
saw a skinny kitten with its mother  I gave some food ( soooorrryyy kitty.. T_T
My left arm is aching. I probably strained it in the morning when taking motorbike out from garage 
Miss my dog shaggy. Rip 
First it was carradine. now fawcett is dead too. 
i am sad... my cat is lost  http://tinyurl.com/lob7u9
"Farrah Fawcett passed away.  Yes, I had her poster on my bedroom wall. Sad day."
@jaguarjulie yes she has 
"IÂ´m angry, it really pisses me off... "
 I cant believe it
Just found out that Farrah Fawcett passed away @ 62. She played Jill on series &quot;Charlie's Angels&quot;; lost battle w/ cancer 
"Another long boring day, sucks "
"@CrisOnToast Stop rubbing it in you poop, I am stuck at work! "
@AravindJose never thought they were going to change the entrance marking scheme so fast 
Farrah Fawcett died from cancer? how sad 
@m05a19y aww fuck  I thought YOU didn't love me lol. Transformers sucks so far
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett thats really sad 
is poorly poorly sick sick...no cinema tonight 
Dont you like?? I thought yud be happy 
@CrysROC yep...tht cancer claimed her life 
"@P_LOCA  i had it hanging on my shirt and it feel off  but i think that the screw came out  then one of the arms fell off  :,("
ouchouchouch! sore head 
@fae_kae I just found out. Sad 
oh my gosh. rip farrah fawcett. people always base me on her and now she's gone. this is tragic. 
@michaeldevellis oh nooooo....  http://myloc.me/5CK1
Awww Farrah died. Her and Ed in the same week. So sad 
"@AttitudeE hahahaha... U crazy!!! U cooking 2day??? Ayo, I'm starvinggggggg "
R.I.P Farrah  I'm so devastated by this. I thought she was a brilliant person. http://bit.ly/WK8hk
Very sad about Farrah Fawcett. 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett http://bit.ly/DVCgs  The beloved angel has passed away.   (via @PerezHilton)
is down in the dumps 
@smashedthehomie That's so sad! 
"Farrah Fawcett, such a legendary icon passed away this morning - http://bit.ly/rsCn3 - unfortunately, she lost her battle with cancer "
i never got the picture of your tattoo alex 
I'm tired... really tired  Counting till Saturday...
My favorite pair of flip flops just broke... and I'm across campus from my room. Fun times. 
@openskymedia No. Nothing yet. 
RIP Farrah  So very sad.
"So sad  Farrah Fawcett, age 62, passed away..  http://bit.ly/gMKDY"
RIP Farrah... I'll be playing homage to you tomorrow at my friend's 70's themed Bday Party...  
RIP Farrah Fawcett - she was an inspiration to me. 
"@bilboski Oh no, Farrah Fawcett... May her soul rest in peace. "
"@ATivey the work placement  I'm applying online to a few more places, then going to get serious and start phoning people up."
just woke up feel kinda sick haha 
@annaasaywhat It scares me. 
Farrah Fawcett just died. This is so sad. She was 62. R.I.P. 
Oh golly. Farah Fawcett died. She was my big hair role model. 
"@TFletcher1 I don't have a blender, and over half the suggestions so far involve one  http://myloc.me/5CKv"
football workouts... shittttty pulled mah groin 
@Nikkyface yes bekuz I was listen to that album too.. Lol nah not gonna make it this time.. Gotta a meetin this Sunday 
Sooooo fed up 
OMG Farrah Fawcett so sad...I watched that documentary she did so freakin sad cried for 2 hours straight...no lie! RIP Angel 
Farrah Fawcett died this morning from cancer.  
"So sad about Farrah. Praying isn't in my vocabulary, but thinking of her, her partner, son and family   http://twitpic.com/8duye"
What're we doing?! 
Last day at the beach 
I broke my little toe today 
@Ashley_NK I agree....made me sad to hear that too 
@capitaln not good at all 
"@_RenRen I know  i'm 18 in 4 weeks so it's not thaaaat bad, i guess! but then again, i do look like a 12 year old. haha"
@ruperte guinness is awful 
so embarressed eveytime i fall asleep on the train 
I miss my long hair for basketball.  two more games todayyyyy. Ughhh. &lt;celiaelise. &gt;
wants go get twitter on her blackberry but doesn't know how!  x.
burnt..avoiding the sun today. i miss my boy 
@TrackstarGIBSON 
Just realized I'm leaving paradise in 48 hours 
@glencocco I know.  That's the saddest part.
@staplemuffin so lucky you are by the beach! i wanna be back in jers  six flags is a must when i get back. still havent been on kingda ka!
http://twitpic.com/8duyu - packed and ready to go... leaving monday morning 
RIP Jill Munroe. 
"crap can't use mobile updates or my phone bill sure kena.  nevermind still doing up my twitter. so far okay lah, we'll keep this simple..."
@Amby702 she died? Aww  http://myloc.me/5CKC
"@FakerParis And I know that very, very well. I hope she's at peace. "
i thought it was supposed to be rainy today weather men get over paid to spread lies 
@realbrookewhite We're not able to get the album in the stores or on iTunes from Canada. 
Can't believe farrah fawcett died! 
not feeling good at all 
@mizzdangerous AWW U AINT TAKING ME  LOL
"OK MOMS HOME AND I PASSED! WOOOO!...wait, that means...No more Mackey... NOOOOO -cries- "
@samwoodslol you ass. I'm stuck in the side if the road with a poorly Francis after having no sleep last nite &amp; my hay fever is raping me 
@spartan_love at peace. Im even more depressed now 
Just left Factory PR spying with my lil eye on the MCM bunny I don't see him today 
"@danamac Well, it was more funny than interesting. Giggle worthy. But no gift shop. "
No 8 gig first gen in stock 
my legs r sore from riding!!! 
RIP Farrah Fawcett. The world has lost such a beautiful woman today. 
all the managers are gone today!!! YaY! i think i kind of miss them all 
@nicolerichie i am beyond sad she passed... i feel like a bit of me vanished.  rip.
"@0sn Argh  That one is fucking amazing. Well, you know, they all are... I hope to own a bunch one day."
says Long live farrah  http://plurk.com/p/13y884
"@cnnbrk Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62. "
@Eriicka_M damnnn i thought u was my ace boon koon! 
Prayers for farrah fawcett's family  sad day for them
I have a tooth-ache. 
@mistergoomba sorry  i am in traffic. Not really moving
is with my boyfriend but am soo soo tired 
@lindyjomac Y am I lucky? OH! No work! Yeah but no pay either! 
&amp; im up again. i hate bad dreams 
"Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62... so sad "
RIP Farrah. She lost her battle to cancer. PLEASE don't take life for granted or people. We belong to our creator not one another. 
In honor of Farrah Fawcett if it don't rain this weekend(again.  I will style my hair wit her infamous look!  R.I.P.
One more Angel in Heaven. 
Photo: What can I sayâ€¦iâ€™m an addict.  http://tumblr.com/xss25g4kh
Rest In Peace Farrah Fawcett- You will truly be missed. 
@KatReimer .....isn't that the sham-wow guy? 
heaven just got a little more beautiful. RIP Farrah. her family is in my prayers. 
@HeroesARG I'm afraid Patrick Swayze is not doing so well either 
@talkmaster so sorry for your loss 
@xthemusic Ah well at least you can eat solid food.  I want a bowl of cheerios right now 
This one works.  RIP  Classic .....In ode to my nine year old crush: http://bit.ly/fEWSL
Thinks it's far too early to start these goodbyes 
"@decor8 hurumf, why do i see happy weekend "
@femalesdestroy  I wish I could have gone with you. 
"@AndrewU Such crappy reception at my house, and my phone is officially broken.    Working on a solution - Got email, processing."
had my car broken into 
should i skip the vacation plan or just stick into it? am i really need that vacation?? hmm.. somethin on my mind.. 
"@tashi316 F u very much Tashika! I kid I kid, Sowwy "
RIP Farrah Fawcett.  I hate cancer.
Farrah Fawcett just passed away 
Ugh! Packing sucks! 
"@xbeckaxockx Aw, that is tragic "
RIP Farrah...u will be missed 
Rest In Peace Farrah Fawcett 
@JUiiCYBABiixx 
"Checking in at lunchtime (pita and humus --yum!). Sad news RE Farrah. Cancer gets someone else at an all-too-young age,62. My mom was 65. "
@DarkEnemy ThatÂ´s good. I like this meaning better then the greek. Tried to translate the russian word. But doesÂ´nt work. 
@youtubemark45ac @BellaBKNY @Rachele77 @zurplemoon @xjaeva   Courageous lady!   Sad    RIP
sigh  Farrah ... I didn't know until a second ago. RIP dear. No pain
@ReginaMina miss you too   Canada is awesome right now.  Loving Vancouver.  Good to get a lil break from L.A.  I'll be back in July
feeling sad that farrah fawcett has died 
"Today wasn't a bad trading day, wasn't great either. "
working all day today 
"likes the #guitarriot shirt best, but is a little disgruntled at having to choose only one.  #rocketriot @rocketriotXBLA"
@gingerying its late in the morning Gurrrll.. 930 10 am... haha and unfortunately.. my parents made me give away JR. 
Drinks at Cabana.... Only two cheeky ones and feel wobbly 
Rest in Peace Farrah 
"RIP Farrah Fawcett  So sad, she seemed so sweet...."
have a good time in india @aliza1512 im sorry i probs wont see you  but i called you  mucho love galizle  will be missing you.
I need to drive around and charge my phone. Ugh 
i guess some friendships dont last no matter how hard one person tries.. 
wants to be healty....but can't resist when there's free food around. just today I had the new Carl's Jr burger at the radio show at 7am 
@Architek1 that's the one i JUST posted to my facebook... same link and all. she's so fierce! 
my facebook got hacked and started sending viruses to all my friends so dont open weird links from me 
RIP Farah Fawcett.  U where the 2nd best Charlies angel after Drew Barrymore. Sad. 
Some absolute sadist keeps pting the ac aimed at me and its making me sick 
"Printing #hpthemusical posters is a fail, because technology is a fail. I am sad. "
Have to take my dog Tally to the vet today around noon. The underside of her tongue is swollen with fluid to the size of a small egg 
"Btw today is the last day of school !  , next year grade 8 bby! Might go swimming after school with Erin and Hope :'D"
farewell to Farah... 
"Farah Fawcett &quot;golden-haired sex symbol of the late 1970s&quot; has died from cancer, aged 62 http://bit.ly/3zGsO Very sad "
"@erinmbaxter I would imagine not. I'm sorry, dear. "
is feeling abit betrayed... like he's being cheated 
"@foxxxycleopatra No!! Not Mz. Dukes of Hazard, and Charlie's Angel Bombshell. She put up a really good fight! So sad. "
"i just got banned from the channel on jtv the stove , they were ganging up on me DONT go to that channel they told me im ugly "
i wanna go to a cinema but i havent pocket money any more 
I'm really hurt.  ganna go take a shower...
stupid stupid stupid library... dosent have the book i want  how lame is that?
@DavidBlue I just heard 
Sad to hear about the passing of Farrah Fawcett 
just came home. :] feeling good but i'm afraid something happened to my best friend after her fight weith her boyfriend 
E! News BREAKING: Farrah Fawcett has died of cancer at age 62 
Hi ho! Hi ho! It's off to work we go!  House move out: final day. Down to the wire!!!!! #fb
"WOW, Farrah Fawcett passed away. i know that wehn we were growing up we all wanted to look like her, She was so beautiful.  so sad "
"@utterhip I haven't been on in days sweetie, I just started tweeting. Resting trying to get rid of a mean headache "
"@LisaP RIP Farrah Fawcett omg I didn't even know she had cancer. That is very sad news, she was a beautiful woman and actress "
@CorinaConstance ... Oh yeah!  I guess the trinity of 3 theory is complete 
@justdaydreams hey dont mention the sauce!! I don't think there is any near me. 
I had about five bites of cottage cheese for bfst - that is it! I'm dying for lunch. I feel weak and shakey. 
i saw the news. farrah fawcett is dead! *sobs* i am deeply heartbroken about this news. our beautiful angel has become an angel for real. 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett... 
"@mileycyrus so saad! im seeing it on tv  by the way, im from Chile"
Bow your heads and say goodbye to one of Charlie's Angel's. Goodbye Farrah Faucett.  Rest in comfortable peace.
and so sorry! back to work!!! bummed i have to reschedule lunch with @m_candy  next week!
@maurensoares for the love of god. nÃ£o ishtudei puurrrcausa do fisl 
Let the sunshine........finally!!!! Too bad I gotta be in class all day 
"Ready for tonight, making an awesome dinner w boo, parents are watching No. Now come on 5 - time u are movin annoyingly slow today "
Wow... Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
How pissed am I that I'm missing most of Kevin Burkhardt's play-by-play for work?  Very 
So sad to hear farrah fawcett died 
"RIP Farrah Fawcett. I told my husband a couple days ago that I wondered if she'd live long enough to marry Ryan O'Neal. Sadly, no. "
@djt_elle &lt;---sadder face cause you leaving and we never hooked up 
@W_Hancock I am lost. Please help me find a good home. 
@PolluxSJ I hear you... thinking that I'm going to have to take a year off form Burning Man for that very reason 
@thomas_edwards Not until our first issue of the fall. Sorry  I can try to troubleshoot tonight to see why it's not working.
Omg there is soo much traffic!!!! There's never traffic at this time!! 
"@tjthetruckdrivr 77000 pounds of sawdust, this aint right  http://myloc.me/5CN2"
"oh of course, right after i post that, RIP Farrah Fawcett... "
@angiebert  me either lets have a pity party
Pos the last time I'm in the parish for a long time. 
My fish Salinger died! I'm so sad and crying  I love him&lt;3
@christinajade Farrah was a beauty  @antipov Hello! Nice to 'meet' ya!  @Winkfromblueyes you're too kind. TY!
R.I.P. Farrah  Your hairstyle will live on forever.
The world lost another icon. Rest in Peace Ms. Farrah Fawcett. You will be missed greatly  God bless you
Having a bit of a Writer's Bump already. Sad face. 
RIP to an original Charles Angel   Farrah Fawcett
In memory of Farrah Fawcett...we will miss you 
woke up again and about to head off to work until 8. whoopie! 
@broken_baja aww - you want to get rid of the mice then when they go you feel sad... It's a bugger isn't it 
@teckie She just did  As reported on CNN; she was my favorite Charlie's Angel
If I had the funds I would get up and runaway to the beach for a few days...I need it 
hopes i get to go to memphis!!!!! but my parents are tryin to be complekated !!!!  
@phopoqueen 
@swimmermag so the day I'm off..you are working 
Just got back from black and white shooting soo tired 
A true icon has left us......    Sending a prayer to farrah's family.....
Wow. R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett.  You will be missed
"Oh wow....Farrah Fawcett Dies of Cancer at 62....She certainly put up a good fight, RIP Farrah "
@theShowgram - Farrah  Who's pick was that? Thought of you guys right away...
@pathrewritable ohhhhhh   yeah it's been pretty hot these past couple days
has pretty serious FOMO about tonight's Eurotrash party 
"@Candice_Jo awwww, that sucks...that just sucks    going to get lunch soon but email if you want"
I wish the iPod touch had a mic 
@Wullufdude Yes... I need to find some money 
i cannot believe that i dont have a single thing in my house to relieve pain. 
is sad that Farrah Fawcett passed away! 
"Farrah Fawcett, you'll always be an angel to me "
http://bit.ly/16crYE  Farah Fawcett is dead 
Pimple fuck shitz!!! Pls go away  - http://tweet.sg
"We will always love Farrah Fawcett, R.I.P.  "
"Oh, gosh. I am watching news video of my friend's home burning.  I need to get a hold of her to see if they need anything."
"Farrah Fawcett, star of &quot;Charlie's Angels,&quot; has died from cancer at 62.  (via @TheresaRockFace)"
Sad day   Going to hang with my family and take Gia in her pool.  Maybe even a glass or bottle of wine
- *cries* I'm going to miss Harry Potter when it comes out.  I'm leaving to Vietnam on July 11th.  I'm going to cry!!
Rest In Peace Farrah condolences to her family 
"So long, Farrah - http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/TV/06/25/obit.fawcett/index.html - "
@Drwright1 what?? she passed?? 
Is REALLY really sad that Farrah Fawcett died!!!!!! 
I am so tired my eyes feel as though they are bulging out of my head 
"will be watching prison break 2nite after her meeting.  Him-indoors wanted to watch it too, so couldn't watch last nite "
"Tempted to completely wipe my iPhone, i just dont want to loose all those texts "
@iscreamfashion aw didnt she just announce she was going to get married too? how sad 
Installation dinner last night was fine. Good food and good people. Sad to hear that GSE is ending soon.  
RIP Farrah Fawcett.  LAWD that woman and her beautiful hair...How the fudge do you get anal cancer anyway?
rest in peace farrah fawcett 
Not a good day for the beach.  its been raining off and on all day.
is really sad Farrah Fawcett died....I really want to go watch old Charlie's Angels episodes now... 
twas so sad...  sad news bout farrah...let's pray for her soul..rip
Well miss you Farrah. 
"Running errands with my daughter, its hot in NC. Sad Farrah passed, too young "
"@Stefanvds vaild point, us robotic tool now giving me '' is not an integer when i change security "
@pchafeehily but thats how i got a eating disorder  do you still want to know?
USPS finally decided to update the tracking number on my Red Faction order. It is in my home town! but wont go out until tomorrow 
"has a lot of art to be done, and no time  http://plurk.com/p/13y98j"
Off to physical therapy 
@mhanlon NOOOOOOOO.  I'm sorry!!!!!!!!  
"NewsAP) Farrah Fawcett has died in a Los Angeles hospital. She was 62. ***jeez man, so sad how many have fallen to cancer "
Rest in peace Farrah  A true American Icon..
Aww thanks. I'm messing up my make up  I've worked so hard between music n school and my personal life...I can't please the world
So sad about Farrah Fawcett...prayers to all her family and friends. 
Going to my friends granffathers funeral  sad days... Hope i never loose either of mine... I'd break. :gonna be the hug giver today:
"writing a letter to my friend  r.i.p  saturday, memorial survice"
Is sad to hear that Farrah Faucet passed  http://myloc.me/5CP1
Farrah Fawset died?!?! how sad! 
THUNDER ! OH MON DOU ! 
wtf im upset my auto immune disease is progressing and i cant start treatments till after baby is born. 
Work 2-11 yet again another night shift. 
@HellenBach  Sad  Did she marry at the end?
@LoveandLabels she just passed away this morning  sooo sad! the OG charlie's angel!
my sprint phone is not chargin....now i gotta show my tmobile sum luv 
Charlie's Angels is a trio no more   http://is.gd/1dgrG
"i just want to be better already, goshhhhhhhhhh. "
Ow ow! Inside of car melting from heat! I think i left skin on the seat 
@ThingsSheSaid haha i totally would but fh austin didn't even call me back. i'm sure la would be less inclined 
So much for taking the kids to the park! it's cloudy out and i don't want the baby to get rained on 
@taylordreger my phone email is andrewcilley@tmail.com - I don't have any service 
@KristiM88 Yeah me too....she put up a good fight &amp; will be sorely missed 
i'm sooooooo tired.. and idk why.. 
"aww, Farrah Fawcett - how I'll miss your big hair "
Internet connection is being unspeakably lame today 
@anthonycashcash i know! we were gonna suprise you guys with all your favorite flavors 
@mmWine oh nooo..she is gone? 
wants to goo swimming with my frieends! gotta babysit soon tho     shall swim tonight! ....excited for Nexxt Saturdaayyy
Almost to Cornelius Pass. Gonna lose reception soon. 
@Clouds2287 Root of All Evil by any chance? Metal is getting well Formulaic these days. Everyone wants to be Linkin Park... 
Ug. It isn't a drain leak and it has been leaking for a while. 
"Its just so sad that the people fighting cancer that have hope and drive, can't win. Farrah reminds me of my dad that way. "
@kristacolvin I have that cd in my car right now. Now song in my head 
Poor Farrah RIP Beautiful 
Annie is going to Korea tomorrow..  I wanna travel so badly. I wish I can go with her!!!! Ahahah.. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh.........
why does home and away have to be so upsetting 
@ShelbyCasanova don't brag  Tizzy is my future wife. Like hardcore. I want to date her!
@teamDdemiLovato what u hahahahaing me for? what did i do 
@jeepersmedia hi mike did you hear the farrah fawcett died 
Farrah Fawcett died   Cancer sucks
I am heartbroken about Farrah. 
being annoyed with ?'s that i dont like 15 more days until i go back to arizona i just might kill myself before i even leave!!! 
On the streetcar to work.  Why isn't today Friday?? 
Farrah Fawecett passed away  the former Charlies Angel WILL be missed. I send my prayers to the family   ;(
Sooo close to finshing this modle and why is it rendering always frows a fit and stops working 
She passed less than a 1/2 hr after the show was over  Barbara Walters was classy as always speaking about Farrah.
@jimmuncie I just read that! 
saddened by the loss of icon Farrah Fawcett 
love can hurt but it's something you get used to 
i just got a new car..... beginning to think i should of just kept my old one???? man im lost for words 
Schools out finally!!! stupid snowdays.... i have a swim meet this weekend and really nervous... 
It hurts when your workdesk's window overlooks all the planes touch down and you wish you're inside one to fly back home 
Farrah Fawcett has died. I still have her famous red bathing suit poster and a personal autograph. She will be missed. Goodbye angel 
"Amen @ Pj ,,,theyrs another special about her on tonight,,,i luvved her growin up,,,so sad "
@RainbowSoulPoet  So sorry to hear that. I don't know if those kinds of things ever get any easier. But I'm sure she's grateful u wr there
"RIP Farrah.. so sad that she passed, but was sad to see her suffering so much too "
Getting sick in CA.. not cool. 
@unredacted @warneronstine not here either  poo
Car broke down just now  hope tmr's trip to genting won't be cancelled!
haha.. wow. Ashh... your just so funny. but gosh.. i miss you even more now. 
RIP Farrah Fawcett!  Cancer has taken another amazing Angel   Peace be with you now!
"@tommcfly SAY 'HI' TO ME, PLEASE "
"@AmandaNicole Hey, you're lucky. My husband doesn't drink coffee so I can't make him go get it for me. "
So far no good  I might cry!!
Back from the air and space museum. About to leave hotel. Leaving DC soon 
anybody want 2 chat w/ me?? im bored... 
"i can't believe i'm crying about lost music, it's like i lost my life "
@rainnwilson a NSFW warning would have been nice 
I want my @cyndalboo &amp; MassieShiiza 
I can't believe Farrah Fawcett died!  So sad 
"Aww Farrah.  The pain's over, sweetie. You can rest now."
"aw RIP Farrah Fawcett. what a beautiful woman. Praying for her family, especially her dad "
2 hours to rest in my house and of return to the work! 
Bubba the Butterfly is still mad at me...... 
"Very sad about Farrah Fawcett  People shouldn't have to die from cancer anymore, let's please find a cure!! :-/"
"4 hours of painting in the hot sun...tired, hungry, headache, showered again, need to do makeup &amp; take girls to dentist in 20 minutes. "
If only I could make dis feeling go away 
"still have to make the summaries etc for documentatiemap, finished the other things. aaaand. portfolio! don't have enough time i think "
R.I.P Farrah Fawcett  Go with God &lt;3
wishing i could be with you now more than ever 
have you felt a sense of overwhelming uselessness? i feel like crap. 16 going on 60 
RIP Farrah Fawcett   You will be missed -&gt;  http://bit.ly/pSX3d
RIP Farrah. Prayers are with her family! 
is bummed to hear about Farrah Fawcett. 
@lisabulous  I don't want to hear excuses. It's set for 6-8 but I doubt there'll be an exodus right at 8. I'll stick around. Be there!
Rest In Peace Farrah 
"aww man i wanted to do a special tweet on my 1,000th tweet. but i guess i missed it  lolol."
another rainy morning 
Uuhg its so gross out todayy 
"@tommcfly oh tom, why do you never reply me? i'll kill you someday "
@karakarth uh oh I'm telling LOL jk guess no show today 
@april_miss thank goodness!!! I was beginning to worry about your ankle 
"It's sad about Farah, and her partner was planning to marry her ... "
@FunkaliciousSam i know! Loved it! Too bad i just finished work couldn't fully enjoy it  ! I'm good how are you? X
"Still not &quot;sick&quot;, per se, but still not feeling great - avoiding the hospital until I'm better "
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett.  
Apparently I'm going to Ontario for pre summer games training n our schedules r looking so tight- I probably wont have much twitter time 
@MrMikeG Nope. Not at all. 
"@BigAC88 Wow, that is so sad  Rest in peace, Farrah Fawcett!"
@MichelleSmiles Aw  I'm just lucky it's here in Chicago or I probably couldn't go either.
@TEYANATAYLOR I totally understand. I was in homeschool and didn't get the whole graduation experience 
"only a few more hours to go. On a sad note, Farah Fawcett has died "
RIP Farrah. We'll miss you 
RIP Farrah Fawcett Your poster will still continue to be epic 
"awwww, no farrah!!! what a fight she put up, but so sad.. such an icon! "
"Rest in peace, Farrah Fawcett...rest now.  Your struggle is over.  Bless her and her family. "
"Just got back from a nearby (~75mi.) city. It was a fun vacation, although it was short lived for one day. "
"it is a good weather out today, we should chill, but first, come to broadway with me  anyoneeeee ?!"
"ewwwwwwwww bugs! they are sooo gross! and i'm going to see transformers! whooo! i was going to see it yesterday, but it was sold out!! "
my favorite person leaves tonight  we argued a lot about stupid things this time but last night made me remember why I love him
Sad all the time. 
I hate how stuborn I am. My wrist was hurt then I kept playing And doing stuff. Now I cAn't even do my makeup without a brace. 
I had a feeling she was fighting a losing battle  http://tinyurl.com/lmvn9s
@brettjohn she past away?.. oh  RIP.
@LeannePowell86 it was in the bothwell bridge. fancy hotel! :L yeahh was good. except i have the flu (n)  xx
Farrah Fawcett finally lost her battle with cancer...  so sad. 
sad for the loss of Farrah Fawcett after such a long battle with cancer. 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett!  Been watching Charlies Angels on youtube for a while... Finished Season 1 a few days ago- It was her only.
@PrannyBinDC Ahh I can't wait for pictures and stories! Miss you boo boo 
@Yasmeiin Me toooo! I'm sorry but how can I help if I don't get a fuck of it either  We're so screwed tomorrow 
"@allstarsonline puff, a lot of nice/talented ppl is leaving this world.. "
not long till i finish this evening...then back in tomorrow at half 9.  I want to be off though 
"I thought Paramore's album was gonna be released on Sept 9th or 10th, now it's the 29th? "
"Oh ,no!  Farrah Fawcett just passed away "
Looks like someone finally realized his mistake. But idk if I can handle another fight. I will always care. But idk if he actually cares. 
I feel very bad for both Ryan and son Redmond  I heard that her dad is not doing well either 
sad @fancydee leaves today 
Afraid Dad will shout at me. Logged him out of Gmail... 
I hate when technology doesn't work right.  I frustrates me beyond belief.  
@josephdsummers.  As lame as Jackson always is.  I miss you too.  I've been all by myself for several days now. 
@TammyMunson - I am sorry you aren't having a good day 
"@koreekreeper who's this person u r constantly referring to?It bugs me that I dont know,even if its not my business  koree+sad=sad melissa"
GUYS the ghost is back at my house. wreaking havoc in the living room at odd hours of the night. cleaning up 
RIP Farrah  what a shame.  I may feather my hair tonight in your honor.
RIP Farrah Fawcett http://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/TV/06/25/obit.fawcett/index.html More losses to cancer 
"it was so nice and sunny this morning, and now the sky is like pitch black  i wanted to go swimming today!"
So sad about Farrah Fawcett... 
"If ever there was a time when I wanted to rip my nose off of my face and throw it FAR, that time is NOW!! Running out of tissues "
"Went to the doctor, got some meds for the pain.. Hoping they work so I don't have to take x-rays.. Dreading going to work today.. "
Everywhere I look...happy pregnant people. I miss my midwife 
62 was the age my grandmother died from lung cancer. I never got to meet her. 
WOW Farrah Fawcett died  i think she had anal cancer. o.0
Charlie has a new angel! Rest in peace farrah fawcett. 
"@Blue_Bunny I went &amp; signed up, but I didn't see a coupon for Bomb pops.   #houseofgems"
@michellebeckham OMG! I hope Glenn is okay. Sorry to hear the news. 
R.I.P. Farrah Fawcett. I wanted to be her when I was little. 
@ang_w  Oh no! That's too bad. 
farrah noooooo  leaving for the beach in 2 hours. Idk if I'll have the internet
"so sad farrah...your hair and your smile and your spirit will live on, angel. "
Just heard that my fav local restaurant is being sold...hope the new owners don't change the menu or the inside or staff or...anything! 
"@cryssie awww. Farrah Fawcett known as a Charlie Angel in 1970's. Now, she is no more. "
@berianreed #jealous 
doesn't feel good! 
"Aw Shucks I double, triple, Quadruple over booked my weekend..I h8 wen I dot that..now I gotta cancel some1/something.I h8 tellin ppl No "
I am sorry I am so touchy right now 
Farrah faucett died this a.m 
@julianahatfield rip farrah 
Ugh I wish I was going to the Every Avenue &amp; Valencia concert tonight  I hate Grand Rapids.
Uggghhhhh. My wrists hurt SOOOO BADDDD today!!! Can I go home now????? 
@d_garmo71 Ah - that's very sad. 
@TMoney_Sculls you should go down another week.... so i can come. ive never been to wildwood 
@rhiannonrevolts Yeah I see that.   The last word I'd heard on her did not sound good. Wishing her family good thoughts.
@tiffanysvaughan I'm afraid to go outside myself!  Totally nasty weather. 
@knitplaywithfir you can have the felted tweed.  and maybe some other stuff too.  keep the bulky.  i am not allowed more yarn right now 
wishing I was packing for NECC 
"so sad, RIP Farrah Fawcett, the loveliest Charlie's Angel "
Its about that time for lunch...and i have only 3 dollars. 
"Curses! My office has too much interference, and I can't get a clear signal on @wfan660.  No Wayne Hagan for me today. #Mets"
sedang confused  http://plurk.com/p/13yab9
RIP Farrah. You'll be missed! 
AI Offers 2-5 yrs leav widout pay 2 its employes 
JUST SOLD OUR HOUSE TO GET A LOWER HOUSE PMT AND THE HOUSE WE WANTED JUST SOLD - WHAT TO DO??? 
@Marissacre I tried thinking of a second line and couldn't 
"I saw him, I did saw him or is it me who is always saw the wrong person. but hey, I did saw him. He smiled to me! yes he did! Omg! "
@Shontelle_Layne hmmm im so sorry.. people keep saying this.. who is she?  x
"Holy cripes, Farrah Fawcett died? what a flippin week "
RIP Farrah Fawcett! This is so sad 
RIP Farrah ! Charlie is going to miss one angel 
Finished my paper! It's about creating new discourses about the (Muslim) veil. It's always about how oppressed these women are... 
http://twitpic.com/8dw4j - @bdiako1 and I on our balcony. Still missing Hawaii 
Sad week in Hollywood. Farrah and Ed within days of one another 
My blackberrys on the fritz.... 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/8cmop - i wish i was there 
"i totally ate springs at gymnastics, my face hurts, its really red, and i have a headache  the cab tomorrow!"
ugggggggggggghhhh hate pop crunch with their stupid comments!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
"I hate the excitement of pouring a bowl of honey bunches of oats, only to be disappointed by a lack of milk "
Damn it I just blew out a tire   http://twitpic.com/8dw9c
Definitely under the weather today 
"Aw shit, Farrah Fawcett passed away. "
@SandyPaws That makes sense. The Waiting Game. 
No more summer dance team practices... Ever... In my life... Sad day 
@Sheindie I'm good. Things are moving along. Came back from lunch with the sad news 
I am eating peanut butter bagel. It's pretty good. Poor Farrah Fawcett. 
darn it! all that work to get my OS back in English and it doesn't even have the options I want. Think i need to install some software 
@hnrxmcrlover I'm getting it cut to my shoulders tomorrow 
@tommcfly toooom answer me!  im crazy to hear the new songs! Come to brazil again.  Te Amo
@SecBarbie I'd so do cybercommand but they be hatin on the non citizens 
Hates when the lady doesn't clean the bed good and the person before you used tingle. Butt and back are SINGED 
Saddened by the death of Farrah Fawcett. 
@TickingTimeBomb See hes not verified but hes got these candid tweetpics so i don't know what to do....  Hows Steph? 
@tommcfly oh yeah! tom! please a reply! please please please! say something! 
Nobodys talking cuz there all taking quizez!!  .....lol
@xThislove SAME! but ive eaten too much todaii! ive been piggin out on junk food LOOL so imma hve to stop 
@Mm_Ka I don't know things are annoying me I don't want to work either 
"I want to go swimming, its too damn hot!! but my pool is filthy!! blahhhh "
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
Rest In Peace Farrah! 
@nicokwanart Yeah 
ninguem on  entÃ£o bye
"on the one day i dont bring my umbrella, i get caught in the storm "
"RIP Farrah Fawcett. She was such a bright shining star, and my personal hair icon. She will be missed "
I have nothing to do for 4 hours 
Rest in peace Farrah 
Missing Jakarta already 
@Nakialjackson Aww...that's sad 
@vmprfreak 
"Talking to a GAGOV candidate in about an hour. Time to figure out exactly what questions I want to ask him... SOOO many, not enough time! "
Chinese food sounds good right about now! thats what i smell and i might give into temptation and get sum! but i have a lunch already 
RIP Farrah. I'll always remember her as that one off the telly who I got mixed up with Goldie Hawn  
Just heard about Farrah Fawcett.  That poor woman sure suffered at the end.  May she now truly...Rest In Peace. 
@jsneed02 
 -- Farrah Fawcett Dies of Cancer at 62 - ABC News http://bit.ly/akQLD (via @Turner)
"I haven't eaten yettt  Food, where are you?"
@katrinabikini So so sad. She was an American Icon 
working and its sooo hot out 
I sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
rest in peace farah fawcett.  &lt;3
@HOT957 who's  bill got paid at 8:15 a.m. this morning miss it....  please let me know... i listen at 12:15 p.m. but miss this morning...
"@ricksltlsister no  this whole week couldn't possibly get any worse at the moment, my job fucked me over sideways."
misses both of her littles something awful 
Dammmn! Travel man! I'm in the DMV. Birthday is tomorrow that's y I asked  ... Miami tho. Who you going with? @Jay_Watts
"@HitmanPR RIP Farrah, we will all miss u tears are flowing around the world at our loss of such a true Angel, your wings are now free "
What's the view out of your window right now?  Mine is my veggie garden.... hoping to work in it tonight - unless it storms   50% chance.
"When I was around 10, 12, all I wanted to be one out of two things: Miss Brazil or Charlie's Angel. "
@karlaynzon @Mr_Wiggly i knowww ! i just love its smell. 
Missing my mommy already. . . 
@DonnieWahlberg You missed the fireworks over the detroit river last night! Wish I was coming to the show tonight!!! 
@CHIPPEWA09 I wanna have a drink too. 
"Oh no, rest in peace Farah. "
lovely day!lol! sunburn 
@ISmackYourAss I know now I can't read ur storys 
RIP Farrah Fawcett &amp; Ed McMahon... These things usually happen in 3's... 
@karakarth I'm jk :p and the sjo stinks for gettin cancelled enjoy the hangover I never seen it yet 
Gina is taking me to our meeting. Mom had to work 
@sfspca nooooooo idea on that one  lol
So sad to hear Farrah Fawcett has passed on.  She fought so hard. 
@Randyybenice How sad 
Sad news today with the passing of Farrah Fawcett. She fought a brave battle but sadly lost. May God Bless her and have her soul at peace 
@LorraineStanick she only passed away about an hour ago so you're not too much out the loop! its tragic! 
Shit! I don't wanna go to work tomorrow  at least I get to have lunch with @loriett in an hour
and i call my self a fan. oh boy do i need to brush up.  Sorry Guys.
Someone call me and come into dundrum pleaase 
@Kevykevykelvin yea I live in the living room but it closes quite early so couldn't go there last night 
On my way to Depeche Mode gig. Tipping down with rain though here in Prague 
Aw man  #RIPFarrahFawcett! You were the best Angel ever.  http://bit.ly/36UpED
@twixie09 ok.. sorry  I just figured that he got the game  in that he wanted that he could have fun and cast it. sorry if i made you upset
Passed #lbda with 14. Bah 
Wishin Friday was here! my day off then i work saturday-friday 
@summaraiin i miss the sun 
I noticed we r not eating as much as i wanted to 
I had such a bad dream last night. Woke up panicking. Someone hold me 
Farrah RIP  we will miss u! &quot;Angel of Music
just found out that farrah fawcett just died so sad 
@indeedio whats wrong? 
Apparently Farrah Fawcett has just passed away...RIP Farrah  Quite a morbid time what with all these recent untimely celeb deaths... 
Ready to make up wit @ReggBstro  thinking out loud!
Chilly coffee on the deck ;-) Cats didn't show 
"Missing you la, nyet. "
I can't believe Farrah Fawcett passed away. Sad news 
@kurly I totally forgot and missed it 
@Theheartsong She  Passed away this morning 
I am way more upset about Farrah Fawcett dying than I expected. Poor woman. 
Farrah fawcett died  RIP to the hero who all who aspired to the perfect feather flip!!
@Shelley_Rae Im so sorry for your loss  xoxo
"@beckymedsger You don't know how to be stealth??    Yeah, I'm just all sore and get rundown easily... but the game shouldn't be a problem!"
@ghalfacree you used to be fun 
@Pink_Moccasin That's not lame. I wish I still had my 2600 
@the_other_rickp i know  i especially feel terrible for ryan o'neal who just proposed to her. such a sad day
will any of this get better 
@WubsNet oh no... is rex gonna do it with stacey   I hate that witch!
"@finding_jay: I'm sorry I wasn't there, bb.  FAIL WIFE IS FULL OF FAIL. I love you so much."
Bummed out now because I just heard that Farrah Fawcett passed away this morning    - I had her famous poster on my wall when I was a kid
awwww. i just found out farrah fawcett died 
Sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett...   http://bit.ly/eRW9n
Oh snap...I didn't know Farah Fawcett died today!  http://snipr.com/kv5yg
depressed because farrah died  but at least she's in a better place &lt;3 rip .
Rest in peace Farrah 
RIP Farrah Fawcett  I know the pain of this kind of loss. My prayers go to the family.
Just went outside sat on &quot;the wall&quot; at work and watched the peeps walk by tried to see how many would sit w/us on the wall only 1 would! 
Just missed my bus  guess things could be worse...  http://myloc.me/5CVf
"i'm sorry for farrah fawcett ,she dies at 62 years "
@brinathemodel Lol I hav yet 2 see ya video cuz I dun hav a cpu onli my sidekick Lx which doesn't let me see videos 
"@bobby_o_shea, i know  i'm not surprised. i'm not that big of a fan now that they are famous, they were so much more interesting before."
First Ed McMahon... now Farrah Fawcett. Sad business.  I send my prayers to her family and friends
@thestubca He was my favorite. 
@stopahmadi do u have any news on persiankiwi ?? 
@arthimeera i did!!but it was a bust due to storms.my phone died sorry  i have your gift!if i can get to practice today i will.miss you!
has an overheated car.  
"have to get up at 5 pm. 2mmorrow, great isn't it? have to do it probably the whole next week to "
Oh. I want them together again! 
http://bit.ly/182lb   oh guys!! Farrah peaced-out   oh this is so sad!!!
WOW... Farrah Fawcett died  She's suffering no more
"@jaguarjulie way too young, I mean  (pressed return too early!)"
@Jimmy_Poodle Everything is good.  One small complaint: had to enter 384 serial numbers into laptop 
RIP Farrah Fawcett. Rest in peace. 
  no tickets in germany for the miley cyrus tour.. 
My two front teeth are being very sensitive today. It's making it very hard to drink my 8 glasses of water. Ow! 
@Ms_Hip_Hop there will be no sleepin on twitter young lady. LOL im at work these NJ cops are gansta they stoppin everybdy 
"@xClaire_Cullenx no i didnt dream at all =/ i hardley ever do :L yeah its soo hot at the moment, but its ment to rain 2moro  .xx"
@misssybilsimone My guess would be Patrick Swayze -another big loss 
"Sunburned face, torn hands, cracked rib, and it's not the gig til tomorrow!!! Owwwwwww "
Not happy right now.. Man! Farrah Fawcett died.. 
Done with school. My head hurt. 
"This month, O'Neal said he asked Fawcett to marry him and she agreed. They would wed &quot;as soon as she can say yes.&quot;  http://bit.ly/9B3QQ "
I think i've just fucked something up that could have been so good for me 
@SpenRiv it is sad 
The computer lab is ridiculously quiet. It inhibits my ability to think. 
Working a double today  8am to 5pm at the law firm then 8pm to close at the 9lb hammer... then back to work friday morning at 8am. sheesh.
@okcthunder....i was trying to win the VIP tickets but i couldnt find the website  of course i found it now.....after the contest *smh*
@rararachel That is so sad. 
Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
How sad.  Farrah Fawcett died before she could marry Ryan O'Neal 
i want a &quot;wreck this journal&quot; so bad 
its hot 
Ugh I need to vacuum but roomie#1's boyfriend has our vacuum 
@MyLoveIsAmazing u should come say hi to me at work! im here by myself 
"@rockthejay, who will i stay with? HAHA, dude pls put me w someone that can help me look cute cause i dunno how to do my hair HAHA "
aww.. rest in peace farrah.. 
@mark_till its celery green. Damn her color choices!  
@iliveforthis 
@Nonjajosh what about meee 
@angelitapita i know!! i didnt know til i saw these tweets! its soo sad 
OoooW bad tummy. Stop hurting Charlotte!  you just ate &gt;_&lt;
RIP Farrah  you were a truly beautiful person.
"SAD! Farrah Fawcett just passed away! * 2. Februar 1947 in Corpus Christi, Texas; â€  25. Juni 2009 "
oh no not Jill Munroe! 
"Farrah Fawcett, 62, has lost her valiant battle with cancer. Such a beautiful and courageous woman is gone. So sad.  "
FARRAHHHHHHHH!! NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU WERE MY HAIR ROLE MODEL!!!    It's a sad day...
@dressjunkie Jack (^) Has started sucking on his polo shirt collars. or any part of any t-shirt. VERY hard to crack this. Soul destroying 
@emilyfannon Magners is my fave cider - think I picked the wrong time of year for sobriety... 
is wanting to go to Glastonbury and regress into my youth but work has spoilt that too 
"RIP Farrah Fawcett.  I hate to see what entertainment news outlets will do now, they were practically dancing on her grave already."
There aren't enough hours in a day-im a sad panda 
"School is over , well for me anyway  , i didnt even get to say GoodBye to everyone  causr i though i was gonna go in 2moz but i just cant!"
"Laying on the couch, its raining really bad  rain sucks"
@juliejolie Maw is in brussels again 
my 1st grade boyfriend (who i actually found on facebook) used to call me farrah. i remember that being the ultimate compliment. 
"oh no! rest in peace, Farrah.  "
@swimmermag idkk my mom wants me home b/c my grandfather is here and we are getting ready for the party.. 
She was a fellow Texan... 
library...working out....and pretty sure the AC in my car is about to go....noooooo 
"@Misfit86 Damn, that fucking sucks man...  "
@MadisonMitchell god i wish i had your drive/determination. i've been telling myself for months i'd start working out but i havent 
Hey all just a note to let everyone know that I don't have internet anymore  I'll try to get on at the lybrary now and then.
"Damn... Farrah. Just saw Food Inc. last night, I wonder how many less people would get sick in the world if we could eat real foods. "
Awwwl..Farrah Fawcett passed away. R..I.P. Kim remember when I would try to do my Farrah Fawcett flips in my hair?? Sad 
ack- it's raining!  I guess that means I'm not hiking up Sleeping Giant today 
Is feeling really down 
I thought i felt better....and then i tried standing up....not so much 
"@veganboy     yikes. Luckily, I'm obsessed with those simply asia noodle bowls so I'll just stick to those."
@wwjpat am sure he'll get &quot;there&quot; in time... and yes  i miss Chris (old Adam) so much  he was very good n attractive 
A Charlie's angel has gone to heaven.  RIP Farrah Fawcett 
Ugh. Just woke up  @ashdie sorry been bored stuck in my hotel and i can't get out withouit gettin' lost. Lets just say you have vids comin
forgot about my english cw 
So sad about Farrah Fawcett. 
apparently my M&amp;Ms are all gone... 
"Sad news about Farrah, she was so brave.  "
ahhhh i just fell 
Been so out of the Twitter loop these last few days 
@PeterJDiLorenzo i know. rip girl 
"All repair people=the cable guy. They make you wait all day for them, making it impossible to get anything else done. so frustrating "
"God,please .. be with Tiffaney .. "
RIP Farrah Fawcett  You will be missed by so many.
@lillyluna She died?  I just read an article the other day saying she was going to marry the guy she's been with for like...ever...sad 
@jocelynbrooks the last hoot I did if I remember correctly was in Nov. Of last Year! 
its sad to see that Ms. fawcett passed today  she will be missed 
"OMG!!! Last day of school today, im gona miss EVERYONE so much  x"
no fair everyones goin out t'nite and im stuck babysitting 
Nothing lasts forever 
Power cut 
"DDI still messed up, I can now log in, but can't download the latest Dungeon mag. "
@LorraineStanick i just found out about farrah fawcett too! my bf told me! so horrible  
who wants to loan me $2000 until tax time to help me get a car. i wrecked mine and my options are SO limited.  bueller? imagine the karma!
you know it's been really hot in the fla when MY pool is warm. my pool usually doesn't get this warm until august. 
"@heathermarie272 I was missing Jesse &lt;3  I have a lot this week. idk why, but it's a lot more than usual! "
@LatishaBechkos awe that's craapppy  hmm.. i'll tell you friday (; ??  omg i hate thunder haha !
@mileycyrus please reply to me    
My cat is missing 
I missed Cobra on tv  dang it.
graduatiion is overrrr!!!  gonna miss my HOMIEs hehehe .but i will so keep in touch w/dem...ciaox3
There is no such thing as cold tap water in Phoenix... The best you can do is between warm and hot. I forgot about that little fact 
"I've lost my Billa soon icon, I was gonna photoshop Minto or Daviestramp onto it. "
How sad I just learned Farrah Fawcett had died  may she RIP
@liiveguddiebadd im ok.. i been mad busy the past week and a half.. but im bac! lol n i was serious about that :-p cant be slackin 
i burnt my tongue eating soup lastnight.  i got my hot fudge sundae stuff though! yum! i need to make plans people.
On twitter about to tweet as much as I can before I go to a funeral  I hate going to funeral's!!!!!! Two in one month  
so sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
@dearbhlaoconnor cliff was beautiful.. cheers for leavin me on my own.. got attacked and murdered. glad to know u have my back.  lol
@ignite_change I didn't get anything if u did 
Has to work!! 
I have a bad head ache. 
"Just this morning I was reading that Farah Fawcett was nearing death. Now I read, she has passed on at an early age of 62 "
aaawwww. Farrah died  r.i.p &lt;3333 you will be missed!!
Still feels like crap 
@eagene very sad. 
I think I'll make economics bad too...  I just want to swim or tan in the sun!
"@rawkzee i think he asked her and she said yes, but they werent able to get married "
i have to spend the night in jail and miss work tmrw wtff  wtf wtf I AM NEVER DRIVING AGAIN
"@rawnessjones If we were in their homeland though bbz, we'd just be plain perverted. RIP Farrah "
@AsianPersuazion what u got in mind for lunch? Cuz I'm hungry too!  need to get something eat..
 working late... real late
"doesnt understand anymore. a friend of mine died of a heart attack, 35ish, healthy, didn't smoke r drink much. 2 lovely children.bye Loz "
"new bad habit: picking at the skin on my upper arms, I am bleeding "
@toby_stevens Yep  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/8118426.stm
@pauldawalibi @nairapemberton What's wrong with Plain Jane? 
Hate how someone else took my nick 
good sides of the day-I bought myself a big ass bottle of Dr. Pepper...and it's all miiinne! College dun 4 summer! Bad-i broke my finger! 
"@gronumbulator that's awful  were they still there when you got back, with their smug, guilty faces?"
@frankferragine not bad here in Barrie yet... I am sure it is coming!! 
@sign4baby we have a suv and small hybrid- I love them both but hate filling up the suv  hybrid too small for business though
Sucks. Not sux. I miss you so much 
Very disappointed that there are no tourist traps left in Lancaster 
Already dreading being car-less tomorrow!!!  boo hoo
made a HUGE mistake at work. boss is not happy. can't take it back now. this sucks 
http://twitpic.com/8dx00 - FUCK. my iphone backup is on my old laptop 
@Midgley Haha Wish I Could! But Im In Edinburgh...  Lol! &lt;3 x
"@FlyingAce75 Oh no!  She died.    I always thought she was such a lovely woman and a wonderful person.  You will be missed, Farrah."
RIP to the original Charlies Angel Farrah Fawcett 
 Farrah Fawcett... one less charlie's angel but one more angel for god
dam i been sleep  to long 
"Just got done with a funeral was at same place as my dad's, i barely made it through. "
why am tipsy at 1:30 in the afternoon. Thanks Theresa! Sad u r leaving 
why am tipsy at 1:30 in the afternoon. Thanks Theresa! Sad u r leaving 
has a feeling the rest of the day is going to be crappy. 
@JapanNewbie woohoo I'm all for slack time.. I'm goin crazy at work 
Scratch that.. No pool today 
"@markhoppus  my girlfriend just dumped me, got anything cool 2 say 2 me? i've loved blink for years but not even &quot;down&quot; can stop the pain "
It's 3:30 am and I can't sleep  I'm sad 
i said &quot;hello&quot; to a gal to chat wid her and she replies &quot;hi....i gotta go bye&quot; .... oh man wat a draag.... 
@djincredible @untouchableTQ all these hungry people...and no one thought of me ...  i'm a loser...that settles it lol
@Novablue ah honey.   so sorry you're sick.  xoxo.   ~slg
i just lost a follower...lame 
No farrah on my list 
"@LovePaper oh no! that's my fear, i have no trust for the mail system. i'm always wondering...sorry for you "
Dnt want to get up 
So sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
"@houstonbeauty yea,not til September "
@officialmgnfox Sorry about your day  Hope it gets better
"Rest in peace, Farrah.. "
Oh no! Farrah fawcett has passed away...  what a week
"is still thinking he might be lucky enough to win a #squarespace iphone, but karma seems limited a hospital stay for my wife.  #facebook"
hopes farrah fawcett is kicking ass and catching bad guys with style in heaven as she did so well while she was here on earth 
sadness...just read that Farrah Fawcett died today....she'll be missed 
@QueenInMyCity yeah you can't do that if u leave ur phone on... 
sitting in the parking lot back from lunch...i dont want to go inside  too perfect out for laying in the pool
Home alone :/ im always such a loner 
oh man. :'( Farrah Fawcett died this morning. man...THE Charlie's Angel. I'm praying for her family. This is just....really sad. 
Wow I can't believe Farrah Fawcett died  another one of my blonde icons has passed  Pammy Anderson u better take care of yourself!
its storming 
Farrah Fawcett succumbed to the ass-cancer. 
i'm so hungry right now 
wishes he could win a holiday for his familty 
@TuesdayBlues HAHA SHUT UP WENNA. IT'S MAKING ME MISS YOU EVEN MORE 
"....I am being followed by 'trekkie shop', bitch I don't even like those kind of shows. "
oh so sad about farrah fawcett's death. 
@sotwitty Not gonna happen today. 
@itsroomi  Hi girl! How are u? Oh u feel bad..  Why? Can i help u? ^^
and that should say habanero... the spanish n screwed it up 
i don't want to email any more CVs. i'm bored of emailing CVs. i feel crappy 
"Laying aroundd. I don't feel good, "
Just lost $8 on the first round of poker playing 10/20c. 
@BAMbam_12 word  uggghh im doing well pretty anxious for this performance tonight.
I just found out that Farrah Fawcett has passed away after her long battle with cancer. God bless her family!  
R.I.P. my grandma(royice marcucci) 6.25.2009 at 12:12 central time 
"getting ready, work 2-10 tonight. "
Farrah Fawcett died at 9:30 this mornings. 
"heading to the dentist, this is gunna suck so bad. "
Farrah Fawcett has died  WE need to find a cure for cancer. Prayers to her family!
"@eblerim yes, VM is down for more than 10 days now  But you should be able to e-mail me at my work address"
@stixizza where r u friend??? i miss u 
"1.24 am....finished my assignment...CE-LE-BRATE GOOD TIMES COME ON! now, study for my test....no sleep at all for me tonight! goody  "
fighting this darn sinus trouble I have. 
is sad about Farrah 
"Going to chill out @ Arne's place. The @ is seperate, since he doesn't tweet "
"@gillieschick Your boyfriend misses you, too. "
Back frpm sports and iÂ´m so ill - thatÂ´s not good! I need a nurse to become healthy. ItÂ´s cold and all hurts...i hate it!!!!!! 
omg i just found out farrah fawcett died. 
@LisaHopeCyrus yes he was such a jerk and so mean! I really thought we were friends!  goshh im so mad at him
is sad that Farrah Fawcett just died  http://plurk.com/p/13ycf6
@alex11790 yes yes I am  its exhaustinggg
One of my fav icons has passed away - RIP Farrah Fawcett  
Been in Photoshop 2 days straight and finally finished a big $500 project! Feel so successful!  and tired lol.... got more to do tho 
"So tired, not ready for work, throat hurts, complain "
@ladykatiejane Sorry you lost your watch  We know how strange it feels to not have one on!
@rlangeles no.  I slept Ina lil.. But it still hurts.
cheer---2-a-days  today and tomorrow..... 
Today's Hair Style : Basic Bun - I do have to work today  no fun!
Farrah was one of my favorite actresses..  
All dressed up and ready for Graduands Dinner at college. Last ever 'formal' - sadface 
dinner with my mum and my sis!! my dad is in the hospital 
Miami is awesome so sad my trip is almost over 
thinks everyone should flip out their layers this week in honor of Farrah. RIP my favorite FABULOUS Charlie's Angel 
@mcdeezer. Aww shoot. Wonder if she tied the knot with Ryan O'Neal before she died. Sad 
Ugh I really don't want to go to school today. 
@teemwilliams tell her to pray for me too!! i have the same problem 
got down to $0 in checking over a week ago. Luckily $200 automatically transferred from savings.    This sux.
"RIP Farrah, I hope you have some peace now "
RIP Jill Monroe. 
doesnt know what to do 
said goodbye to sam and rachel 
.good for miley..i'm still awake in te MIDNIGHT.. 
Big lump in my throat from reading about Farrah Fawcett's passing...saddens me tremendously whenever someone loses a battle w/ cancer 
@nitchxo I get pressure behind my left eye sometimes  hows your essay gone?
i have nothing to do now  ugh
I'm so sad I'm leaving FL 
"@shelbytyszka hmm, that doesn't sound anywhere remotely close to california!! @one_call y are you trying to make me not like youuuuu?  ha"
@ehasselbeck wtching the show 10:28am here...WA. topic is Farrah she was still alive...I just went online found she had already passed 
"ugh, all my pics r too bog 4 twitter "
I feel so dumb because my host  so smart at all this site stuff and I don't know that much! 
R.I.P. Farrah God bless My prayers and love go's out to Her family and friends so sad 
Farrah Fawcett passed away...so sad 
Just payed my WAY OVERDUE zta dues. Goodbye $350. That's a good two wks of work.  how depressing. Ruined my day....but at least it's done.
"and I think it has a mind of its own,like it always ring when I'm taking a leak..jeez that makes whole thing embarrassingly musical "
@iaintnohomo  Banana will be playing later. BUT. Shell be playing with Caro.
@koolgirl37 read my tweet below 
My life  http://mattf.ca/2009/06/24/yay-me/
Tried to get the mutant Fawkes to follow me but he wouldn't  it's so lonely without followers I have never had one :$
Sick  Spending my day laying in bed listening to @taylorswift13
Gmail is down? 
rest in peace Farrah! So sad 
@Eric_Urbane Sounds like a rival is flagging your ads. Not much you can do about that though 
has to resit exams over summer...  wishes he worked harder at first year of uni...
I LOVE @Health4UandPets u guys r the best!! 
im meeting up with one of my besties tonight! Cant wait!!  - GIRL TALK!!
"@DaRealSunisaKim Thanks for the Twitter add, Sunisa! I got to meet you once at a HIN show here in the DC area and you were a sweetheart. "
"Being sick can be really cheap when it hurts too much to eat real food  Plus, your friends make you soup"
@LovesBrooklyn2 he has that effect on everyone 
@ProductOfFear You can tell him that I just burst out laughing really loud because of that  Thanks for making me come out of my sulk!
@r_keith_hill Thans for your response. Ihad already find this answer 
"@KeepinUpWKris I am so jealous, hope you had a great time in vegas! how did you like the ACM's?! LOVE YOUR SHOW!! "
"@tommcfly ah, congrats mr fletcher for finally joining twitter "
@e4VoIP I RESPONDED  Stupid cat is helping me type. Forgive errors 
crazy day of school. there for 10 hours straiiight. about to watch the hills. @spencerpratt told me too! ha. happy birthday JB! 
@naughtyhaughty HOW DID I FORGET ABOUT TWO AND A HALF MEN?!?!? I LOVE THAT SHOW!!! 
"@nileyjileyluver Haha, don't worry! You'll get the hang of it! "
"@soundwav2010 At least I won't be the only one feeling lost! This may cause me many later than usual nights, already addicting "
@LutheranLucciol Make sure you DM me if you post a link to that video! &lt;LOL&gt;So I don't miss it   Better get permission and blessing first?
Just added tweetie to my new iPhone 
@michellardi i really don't know. i think its Globe!  yeah! sana gumaling na ko para alam ko na din kung makakasama ako! )
@nicolerichie: your picture is very sweet 
"Catching Up on Emails, RSS and Random BACN. Then I'm cutting out early tonight (11:30PM) to have Dinner with @lauraw "
"Dancing around the room in Pjs, jamming to my ipod. Getting dizzy. Well twitter, you asked! "
Didn't place in the Peeps contest but thanks for voting anyways. 
Going to bed so goodnight everyone  and sweet dreams  http://twitpic.com/2y2e0
@LittleLumen walking over to put the deposit down tomorrow 
"is now followinq @DAChesterFrench , you shud do tha same "
@LordPov Are you meant to add on the back of that &quot;twittering from a toilet cubicle somewhere&quot;? 
Aw i'm holding my new puppy. Well He's not mine but He's a cutie. 
@iJohn kitteh is sleepin on my crotch which proves she likes me more 
@DramaBeats agreed 
reaching amritsar in an hour and (if i find a bus) should be at wagah border by 2pm  - http://bkite.com/06fuJ
@ALBinLA.  I was just thinking about you tonight!  You have to let me be the first to interview you're a famous super star 
happy to spend time with the family. 
finally going to bed!  so tired. Was gonna watch The Hills but didnt =/
so effing tired of my throat hurting.... ooooohh... i just got a crazy craving for a pina colada/banana slushie!!!! 
@deon upload di indowebster dong banggggg 
@wisdomous you're welcome. glad you enjoyed it. 
@hawaii808shellz hAhAHA!! omG! we wer bOth laughiN off d hOOk!  cuz das hOW we roLLL...ryt sheLdawg?
@SickWithThePen awww pookie feel better. I'll pray for you...and BAG the nurse up 
YAY! found a new cuddle buddy 
I think I met my first &quot;snob&quot; on twitter tonight. Too bad. Life goes on! 
Across the Universe. Sleep. Rehearsal tomorrow. 
"@annabellee dry sweet potato, huh? "
"@JonathanRKnight Hi Jon! Great to hear from you! See you on the cruise, I cannot wait! Hope all is well on the Knight bus!  You are loved!"
having a long conversation with mom on phone 
@suitelifeofkell yayyy! lol. i just requested herrr. what did she say? 
Practicing lines/mannerisms/voices for upcoming feature shoot.  Probably driving Brock crazy.  
Going to go and read new moon for the 3rd time  I cant get enough of twilight series 
today is our two month anniversary!!! i love you sooooooo much Diana. omg you dont even know  TAR HEELS WON THE NCAA WOOT!!!!!
I am bored 
@stevecla it is a wallpaper with Red Square I was asking for 
@r_keith_hill Thanks for your response. Ihad already find this answer 
@Pope_Mello Well yeah! I only noticed cuz i'm BB too. 
Just tryna get inspired thats all 
@KourtneyKardash Can't get up early enough!!!  Night workouts are much better. 
"@ladygaga Can't wait to see ur hot ass in Austin! woot woot!!! annnd love the bob with purple, i went the royal color way as well "
"@QuotableBuffy I got a bunch of Buffy songs too! One of my faves is &quot;Vivian&quot; by Nerf Herder, when Faith met Spike in Buffy's body. "
#Devunity Wallpaper  Check this out !   --&gt;    http://twitpic.com/2y2e2
"Morning Tweetland, a long day ahead! Hope everyone has a great day  "
   uploading pictures on friendster 
@ash_CT Aw dont you love that  I love for those days! Thanks about the pic ;-p
noodlebox with amanda tonight 
"@una_avion2010 Sorrry, I'm doing like 29823782 different things. Kevin Jonas' Girlfriend "
@fuzeb they are so serious too while singing like.. whoa  hehe lsd maybe? j/k lolol
loving life... and loving you 
@ApothecaryJeri  I love Sicilians best damn pizza on the planet [says I] 
loves chocolate milk  and that is GF YEAH..
Going to Sutter Creek tomorrow to tour an old Mine 
"@bodycoach I'll look into that cho, I personally like strawberry but I'm going to become coach soon "
"@little__fish guess where i live. the other side of the earth  east mesa, losiento"
@paula_paige3489 so apart from the sore... how was the tryouts? 
failed physics TEST... what a homo. keeen for the holidays (2 days to go) 
"Just observed the update look of #Alexa website, http://tinyurl.com/c48gzf , looks great, seems Alexa is improving "
@leiabox so what can you tell us about it? I'm totally geeking out right now 
"@theragingocean BonJour Spacecowboy,I wish I was either of it .I work with Kids, can go out whenever I want and go wherever I want to "
@Rebecca1158 goodnight. 
My brother is sick too lol. Quite weird 
@drdrew *gives a hug and a cookie* Hope you feel better! 
@jonathanRKnight Hey Jon! It's real and I hope you take care of yourself...we don't want you to get too rundown.  ((Hugs))
"Just wrote on a toilet wall... but only to correct poor spelling. And in highlighter, so it will wash off. HARDCORE "
had a good tech meeting at clubZone - dinner was sushi 
@mattgalloway Thanks for the hook up with @CarlyRush and suggesting me again bro! you rock! 
@jeffswarens depends on which version they thought you  the one I know doesn't go like that ;)
@Speak2Ashley hand is still pretty weak i cant like punch anyone out yet or turn knobs but it doesnt hurt much 
@Honey3223 Lurkers now that was interesting 
@saravananp mine is B North. Still need to decide 'aaru hithavaru ninage ee moovaroLage' to vote 
@trstfndbby um I bought my shit from the Koreans its OACH  highest quality out there baby  I paid an extra 3.50 2 get a real tag sewed in
eating ice-cream with chocolate topping 
@iamdiddy your telling me.. just finished doing 200 crunches!  step it up Diddy ! LETS GO!
@its_yvonne daaang i didn't know it was possible to talk that long! what'd you guys talk about 
@LaurUy West.  Mostly San Jose and San Francisco.
"Nikki is off working her ass off on a bike, trying to recover from her knee injury.  (Good for her. "
@marymayblood I would love to come help unpack   Let me know where I need to be Sat afternoon!
shenagians!  my team is awesome&lt;3
listening to some music and just chilling....I'll probably regret not getting work done...but till then i'm just gonna kick back 
I am doing a study of Think &amp; Grow Rich - Wow - it's amazing how timeless the law of attraction is! So now we're on our 6 step program! 
@BittenbyBooks Oh good!  I'm glad you're feeling better!   I've been really good!  It'll be a crazy week though... In a good way! 
21 Days till chris comes home and 67 days till summer 
"@davidgideon Yeah, those were the days  - no, it's now around 1.47ish..."
@therealjspace am I the first one to tell you you tweet the most while drinking! LOL. 
@its_anne Kay thanks. 
Goodnight 
I am determined to get back into baseball -- it's been 5 years since I've really watched the sport. Anyone interested in going to a game? 
"@beycah Good for you Becca, have a good sleep. "
@MissNappyBoy and ur home is where? ohhh i nkow lexington ky rite next to me 
Just seen the preview for the movie &quot;Obsessed&quot; w/ Beyonce. Wow one crazy broad in that movie &amp; Beyonce seems to go nuts in it too! 
Easy Rider till I fall asleep 
"@miketomalaris I'm very, very, very excited about the live broadcast of Paris-Roubaix. "
"just had a real good moment. i missssssssss him so much, "
@belliestobabies I have two too. I just don't know how people survive winter without jungle gyms at home 
@jaredleto Just started to work. But it's the last one before holidayholiday!! 
Watchin Greek then off to Knighty Knight!! 
i am working on my media room design and i love love love my client profile 
@Greeks05 its pretty lame..hahaha but yay i get to stalk your sexy ass on here now 
"@Lou911 Aww, thanks "
Another good day  nitey nite everyone! First day of school tomorrow!!! Ahh I'm kinda nervous yet excited...til tomorrow!
thinking and planning 
"Good enough.. time to go sleep off whatever I can, be happier tomorrow ? here's Hopin.. go check my Fb. for what is in store for me now. "
"@missvic what do you mean, I do those things now and I'm OLD! "
@jimmyeatworld been listening to that all morning  http://www.deezer.com/track/885843
@UrbanThai  and you have me to thank for that 
"@PamFR Thanks Pam... glad you enjoyed it. Yes, life is short, it's *now*. No need to struggle... just make better choices every day. "
"@JonathanRKnight hmm you have a lot to say tonight! That's great!  Of course, here I am up late reading it. haha"
"@guykawasaki congrats on 100,000 followers. Wow almost 4 times of what I have "
@LarryCarroll ARE WE GOING TO BE GETTING ANY NM UPDATES THIS TIME AROUND? I'm not really screaming. Just wondering. Thanks! 
@suitelifeofkell that's freakin' cooool   i love twitter .haha
@I3renda maybe. there's nothing wrong with being caring. but try not to care too much. 
why does Brissa not even know she has a twitter? -Lauren 
@jbrotherlove I thought it was a great love story 
"@enbaldarlingg No, that's just the mirror you're looking in. "
@amandahesser thanks!  i couldn't have done it without you  
"wow that was neat, thanks God! OVERITNOW&lt;3  i apologize for sharing my spiritual moment with the general public of Twitter "
... 31 days until I leave for Ontario!! 
Just spoke with my fam in #Japan via #Skype! Love to see my little 16-mo-old nephew growing! 
@LissyM ahh i only just saw you'd written that where does it tell you that someones spoken to you? this sucks but mcfly got it haha loser 
@KaciMaureen holy laundry woman! 
"@iamdiddy I hate it too, but I just got back from the trainer. Go! "
@markhoppus lol youï¿½re so fucking funny 
"working on setting up my ipod touch, which as of today is officially mine!! "
@nikhilnarayanan saw the tvc yesterday.. worked for me 
Jon could totally say Mannies and Peddies and I would shut my fat face about it.  
"@magopus Hahaha! Well if they ever run out of ideas, I'm nominating you to come up with some good ones. "
A friend feels like a beer on a Monday night. That's never good. But beer is always good. Always. 
"@hopeinhell One usually follows the other, no? "
"@special72 Thanks, Special 72!  "
"Good luck for Lauren and the rest of the cast of TBS, can't wait for something to leak "
"Shoot For The Moon! Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. "
"@JohnHays hmm, that I don't agree with entirely because I am most creative &amp; vibrant @ night for some reason...but I need 2 sleep too "
@izzakizza nada just tryna holla holla.   hows the mixtape coming up?
@aussie_ali  yep it makes it so much easier to get points across in 140 
"@snarkattack  The freezer-worthy @amoir has already given it her scholarly attention, but I suppose another set of eyes could hurt not."
http://twitpic.com/2y2jf - my cupcakes 
"@purrplexa And its a wonderful thing!  I'm all in favor of using the entire English language (shit, I use #expletives too, I think) "
@mynameisgerard haha! i'm not saying u should try it.. but maybe u should 
"back from school, long walk! its flippin cold outside  2 days ago it was sunny, next day raining, and today snowing!"
@sisterpatterson I just ate raw cookie dough out of a tub and now to bed. We must be kindred spirits 
"@JonathanRKnight : agreed. internet? random. but i like random. watched dirty dancing, great movie, i thought of your song..  nighty night"
@blooms5887 Just use Tweetdeck and you can update facebook and twitter at the same time 
"@firestoned - Dude, stars are always awesome.    Surprised to see you tweeting."
@nsastrasasmita k. i'll try to figure it out. i'm gonna go to bed. night night  
amazing night with llama and malcolm and megan&lt;---fuck the theatre! 
@kayotae Just had a martini myself. 
city all day soo happy to be home. school in the morning 
My spring break= watching moviess all day everyday for a week 
@PushPlayNICK &quot;Grandpa wants an ice chest and some beef.&quot;  George Lopez rulesss!
@KatiePorrello thank you Katie! heading to the club as we speak! you have yourself a stellar night as well... take it easy homey!! 
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cLe9pJSRas0 Where have all the flowers gone, Peter Paul &amp; Mary  My fav, def."
shhhhhhhhhh....time to watch the Hills. 
"since posting the 2 new photos on my website with the kids my hit count went up...way, way, way up. love to china for 5,000 views alone. "
@JonathanRKnight Oh its real Jon!  We all r so excited that u and the guys came back 4 us.  We appreciate all you put out there!  
@LonelyBob Thank you! Am at home pretty much everywhere. Provided I have broadband ...kiddin' 
Callin it a night! I always have the best sleep after a good workout!! 
@Infinitarchitek Feels pretty good doesn't it? 
@stee322 but you did go to hash bash anyway.. 
"@loltothepower correction, i GOT a badass fringe. "
"@procoder hmmm, sure sure  so what r u upto ? hows the day for u?"
@ninasplayground I agree.  My kids got &quot;Who am I&quot; 4 Christmas. It's bn fun but I caught my 4 yrold cheating by looking at reflection in TV
My hair is blue. 
@wendy_bowser Thank you for the kind words!  I appreciate it.  Have a great night 
stressing over this math test...uhhh....2 days till spring break!!!! 
"@MintCool uh, because we really need each other, plus, you'd be my designated driver on PCH "
@EMPRESSYEN WHATCHA CHUCKLIN BOUT MS.YEN 
@ijustine the gym is an awesome place! work it out 
@augustography hmmm think we need to get you climbing up hills .. you'll be really sining then 
Just won 20$ on unc game 
Really tired. Going to prepare for bed. G'night! 
@keyannaaa the new story of your life will include magic fountain with me 
"Im getting nervous that this trip tomorrow may be a little boring. Haha oh well, i always have my trusty ipod and my books of course  lol"
should be going to bed... maybe i'll do that... but i'm thinking I'll put on Anastasia on my laptop as i fall asleep 
@ijustine http://twitpic.com/1ff65 - I love ur top 
"still buzzing from SIETAR... thanks to @pattidigh for pushing the old boundaries - boy, someone could make money off a twitter manual... "
"@yoshigi I have terrible back and neck aches too... Get a good chair, that will help.  I am waiting for my &quot;SWOPPER&quot; to arrive. "
"@juneaurock Hellz yeah, definitely downloading. Thanks "
http://twitpic.com/2y2jz - we are so stinkin cute 
@Lyndeeezy hahah not yet! but soon. very soon 
"Very happy with my new blog design - nice to see recent post and popular posts listed together, and it looks great! "
@michaelgrainger we have much more than that in common my friend!! 
@ben_mayer better be. I don't wanna have to come find u and save the dog. But I would!  I'm all 4 the animals . Call off the twit police
"@klaris nilagyan mo ng knorr seasoning mix ulit ung pancakes mo?! hehehe. teka, heaven and eggs ba to? "
@Westneyrhindxx hello westney  what are you doing ?? x
@WhereisKevinn well my night seems pretty boring in comparison to the strokes you've experienced tonight 
@jephjacques I love the way you draw giraffe eyelashes. 
@SwitchItNow ahhh shiner Bock in Austin YES! thanks for the Twitter @reply so I can relive too 
@holytshirt Glad to read it! 
spent the evening outside in the beautiful warm weather. finally feels like spring 
pullin an all nighter wit my bffl madison 
@AttractMode Thanks for putting on such a great event. Can't wait for the inevitable sequels! 
"I don't know why I still find this hilarious after hearing it like 200 times in a row, but I doooo  ? http://blip.fm/~3x8ok"
@thenub you are too 
@jimmycarr that big oaf can play piano? 
Bryon is my tea bitch 
"@mattbraga Oh, they can stay. You on the other hand... "
I am gonna help my mom get a twitter 
@lavsmohan...... Yup!! saw the entire match....reached office late.. 
"going to bed. My bb isn't working &amp; I'm bored.  Night all. Love me harder tomorrow, than you did today. Peace, Prayers, &amp; Blessings."
@DEEJAY_BOOGIE ya we did trying to beat traffic but ya hope to be back soon 
"India wins a test series in New Zealand after 41 years! If it wasnt for rain on the final day, India would have won the third test too "
@ashvala Was driving in Old madras road on my bike!! There is no concept called parking on the side 
@upstatement can I apply to be in your class too? 
is reading manga  http://plurk.com/p/mzp1e
@BradmanTV Thanks....it seemed the right moment. I love your show.  Your songs bring me joy.
@Adri_Mane ROflmao... niqqa please. you ackin' a fool now. 
@comeagainjen http://twitpic.com/2y2lx - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoGfqvh2ME8 
"@vjl also, your website seems to be down, FYI. pity, I wanted to check it out  sure you knew that though."
@LindzNicole so let's make it right! 
"@Lexi_83 We.... went professional in October 2008, we've just not update any of our websites or anything until yesterday "
@rhonda_brown thanks for the tip on Sam's Club! 
@KourtneyKardash yep Mornings are the Best! nighttime is chill time 
@pocketfulofme yay!!! hehe TWINS 
@jolilore Thank you 
"&quot;City of Ember&quot; was AWESOME!!! SO have to finish the book and read the next one (ones?) now.  Time for bed possibly? Who knows, really. XD"
"OMG, I would have died!!! actually no, I take that back...I keep an updated version on my X:drive so it's all good "
@trugiaz You and i mate! 
 just watched the movie Wanted... it was pretty darn good.
just got home from Neil's. watched Nick &amp; Nora's Playlist... pretty funny  
"@theexclamation ah yes, twitter seems to be the perfect venue for whining and wasting time.  now that's my idea of fun "
@donniewahlberg hell yeah! there's the effin man! 
@roshnimo Dont be lazy............try a few out.... tools are to make life easy for lazy people 
"@aiduong Oh goodness, I didn't know you could message friends on here! Hello Ai "
Thinks everyone needs to go buy Tina Parol's song Who's Got Your Money on iTunes ... NOW! 
can't wait for vegas 
@theDebbyRyan Hey Debby 
One sixty six in bowling. Holy shit lol 
"dear dbq, you were a pain in the asssss. i'm glad i'm DONE with you! "
and now off to bed after an amazing night chatting with a pretty amazing guy  ( you know who you are)
"@lhawthorn What a coincidence! I was just stalking your Twitter feed and the GSoC news. ;) I'm doing great, thanks. How about you? "
"has discovered that she loves easter crafts, eggs, hot cross buns... feel like watching the prince of egypt to aid my easter meditations "
"Didn't get my nap before, thinking I really need one now. Be back later, twitterpeeps. "
Trying to figure out a way to pay it forward 
oh oh oh!!! gonna go buy Twilight on DVD today  I have to extend my overdraft for the 2nd time in as many weeks so I may aswell!!
my very first twitter  awww
@SimonBotes glad you like 
"@lightblue_82 woo, you won't regret it. "
@theaptour thanks so much 
 Please?: http://eluts.com/frontstore/Item/item_zoom.asp?item_num=3418&amp;catalog_num=3&amp;mart_id=lutsdoll&amp;level=yes&amp;mother_catalog_num=554
@SJS86 haha i saw that one the other day. sad. i'm entirely too addicted to that site now. endless laughs 
@lolly2420 this is nuts! thanks  I am dying over heah!
"@markhoppus hey mark, i want to know if the song &quot;Life's So Boring&quot; is really blink 182 , please tell me  doubt been on my head for years"
"@Kelly_N_Va by Jordan, I think he's got it!  "
"up and running, London calling "
"What A Day  I Just Loved It. Sun, Food And My Girls  Cannot Be Beaten. Eyyy! I Bused It Home Tooo Hahaa. Have An Ace Time Darl.  xxxx"
just got home from school (: meant to be getting my hair cut .. but i cbf. lol dancing soon 
"Sleeeeeeeeeep, then an interview tomorrow! Wish me luck "
Awwh babs... you look so sad underneith that shop entrance of &quot;Yesterday's Musik&quot;  O-: I like the look of the new transformer movie 
@lauredhel I just friended you on LJ 
eating ice cream to reduce the heat 
wow san diego is so beautiful. even more so now that we won  but whats a good game without a good fight(;
@epistemographer @digitalhumanist Doing a disciplinary PhD with the support/structure of a New Media program like that sounds heavenly 
"must sleep, big day tomorrow. two tests AND class registration for next sem. ahh! goodnight, twitterers "
"@claire_brewer I've seen one of those aisles in Borders in Oxford. They're... well, tragic "
@thornbek Erin Esurance is so hot. Carry on 
@Boobookittifukk not there yet. And i beleive so  red carpet sighting i hope.
the cars in Fast and Furious get me excited 
@comeagainjen Jennifer 
@betzitall Wall-E is a great battle for stress.   Yay for staying up all night and doing homework together!
"It's been a while since i have watched the Cosby Show, i forgot how funny it was  BUT CAN'T SLEEP THOUGH grrrrr"
"@landrew Hehe, thanks   Was going for the incendiary headline this time "
@honeytech Happy Morning! 
"@SashaKane Um, my kids get up at 5am &amp; need their breakfasts cooked, you ready? "
@saad_83 I wasn't late  I was right on time
@myk14 Thanks buddy *high fives* hehe 
@sytycda Could not agree more!The unison&amp; committment was incredible.Considering the pressure they r under made it all the more amazing 
"@cityrat59 lol! you counted 15 times! Yeah, it was a drag today...wasn't sure if my tweets were going out. seems to behave now though "
@comeagainjen http://twitpic.com/2y2lx - and you are cooler than her she just wants the babiiesss O_O HAHAHAHA 
@reesh heyyyyyy want to hook it up!! lol 
Saddle Ranch Comedy night. Then back to the boy's house 
Today I performed for the first and last time at the Grebel talent show. 4 exams left until undergrad is over 
@xShorty4Lifex white!! 
"@thesouthernstar haha... sarapan aja belum kok, udah disamperin sama client di rumah...  "
@JonathanRKnight  i do embrace the simple life.  simple things like a new kids reunion makes me an extremely happy girl 
"@lapcat Need to send 'em to my accountant tomorrow. Oddly, I wasn't even referring to my taxes. Those are supporting evidence, though. "
"@mmcallen Sigh, wish I could have a GMIC meeting here in San Diego! Spoke to Johanna already, she said it was great... "
had a wonderful Portland evening! Thanks Carrie 
6:37 in the morning and haven't been sleep   YAY!
Headed off to Wal*Mart for more boxes. Uber excited 
@axisportals scowls are a lot more temporary than adulthood 
I'm melting. *sighs* Serendipity is such a sweet sweet movie. I love it. 
@JonathanRKnight wake up with ah Jon tweet. The Best start for my day  thx Jon love You
Got an inspiration -&gt; dyeing my hair! 
just  created this account...looking around 
@amyg0716 I'm gunnna do both of those things 
"http://twitpic.com/2y2tq - So far, it is interesting. "
"Haven't tweeted nearly all day  Posted my website tonight, hopefully that goes well  Night time!"
"@craigsutton     that's a long-time, good for you!   "
(@thuquoc) jizzin' in my pants excited about seeing ARMIN VAN BUUREN tomorrow 
"@mehulbhuva Good luck, and let me know how it goes! "
"@tayswift Congrats from Peru! You were/are amazing! i was speechless,thank u so much! come here someday plz, ill wait forever seriously! "
@rogieking Congrats on the newborn! Our first is due in June 
Dodgers beat the Padres  Go Blue!
@jbruin lol esp when your updates hit my phone... 
@JonathanRKnight I'm just glad you appreciate Iowa.    Come back in late summer when they're cutting hay...  best..smell.. EVER!
"@pjaficionado  Having fun, loving life, happy to be in the game. Everything else is a bonus. Not just BS either!"
@vuittonretarded  awww. Is there anything i can do 
But I do not mind.  Goodnight
@mistressathenax oh lets let it be a surprise. 
Proud future member of the R.B. 
@miss_tattoo heyy!  you got those pictures of Donnie's gift on the USB stick?! 
Giant Drag &quot;Wicked Game&quot; ? http://twt.fm/32811 #musicmonday - Better than the original &amp; the commercial promo song for Nip/Tuck season 5! 
@web20classroom Fabulous post about WordAhead!  And overall loved your blog.
Much Luv to @espressowoman54 &amp; @tommyruffin who's now following me on twitter!! 
@KendallMassey @jclayville rocks. But don't tell her I said that 
"@Gerry_Butler If it's something you will enjoy and will make you happy, why not do it? "
"just discovered tonight that her church is serving breakfast on Easter!  (I'm not sure why this is so exciting, but I suspect the baby...)"
@Tiandrance 
@yoavsegal Morning 
finally back on twitter 
God sho love him some me  feeling really really blessed tonight++++++
@adamdexter i can't wait to see you buddy 
@allan_at_rogue thanks Allan! They are photos from a Joolz Soiree I held up in Brisbane last year 
there is link about how to enjoy dark chocolate within the post..  http://chai-coffee.blogspot.com/2009/04/chocolate-flavoured-math.html
"@chazdrums if i know how to do something, and have time... Its so easy to answer "
"Wow, the house looks so different...AND OH MY GOD MY DOGGIES "
ahhh loved this sunny day....I am working a good sun burn on my nose 
@FoamingBBQ I had to read it last semester.  By &quot;read&quot; I mean skim for keywords and read online outlines.   Got an A too 
@dalecruse Yay! Love Box.net  My first business partner Sam Ghods is on the founding team. SO proud of him 4 building an excellent utility
@JonathanRKnight Glad to hear that you had such a great night! You rock &amp; I hope tonight is just the 1st of many feel good shows for you! 
Anyone else catch Scott Bakula's &quot;Oh Boy&quot; in #Chuck tonight?  
@fatbellybella the media is a trip [period] we have to guard our minds...along with our hearts. Don't fret ms.badu UR THE BEST!! its true 
"Ahh, the tedium of fixing broken file links in Inventor.  Good times.  "
@theDebbyRyan  where!!?!? 
@Laatina MONDAYS ARE WHAT YOU MAKE OF IT. 
Well in the past two days I have had 45 min. of sleep.  I'm going to watch TV while laying in bed and try to sleep.. Night peepers 
I'm officially going to bed! Goodnight 
I now have painting clothes!   
@msaleem LOL not yet my brutha from anotha mutha 
ryanrossfanz  &lt;-- FOLLOW THEM!  Ryan is uber!
@JonathanRKnight you close your eyes and pick one and hit reply. 
@ronashively Connections Academy has been great for our family...and thousands more across the country!  Happy to tell you more 
"@QUEENIE909 hum nice 1! lol take something..LOL yeah party over there, haha u kno them drunk ass's  Will i b seeing you @ Janets party??"
#nightcard The Star: what a wonderful card for a new beginning both for you and Ankie 1.0  Welcome! 
Loves the German bakeries in Sydney. Together with my imported honey it feels like home 
I'm an uncle now! 
@katiehayes415 Levon...couldn't have said it better my self.  
"@dmf71 I should change my name to qoosfr (queen of obscure science fiction references) instead of cbn2, which only 1 person understands. "
@DolfinFan  Our picnic will be fabulous!
@DaveJMatthews Welcome back to NYC! 
@nashipear Sorry I am talking to my best friend.. So I havent replied!!  But I can talk to you too!
@corinmcblide oh ok then i am gonna go and buy one for when i come up there 
tafe quiz then PHOTOSHOOT with my sezdawg 
@berofx: good luck with your challenge 
oh oh found some clothes!!  And i love em xD
Rocking out to No Doubt and gonna start up some more Neverwinter Nights 
"@kameelahwrites phew! all that hair, gyal! "
keepin it real.  
&lt;------ Branded 
"I'm adding my fellow PFers.  Nice to see so many of us here, too! "
Had a good time at Eat n Park drinking a latte and playing Munchkin Impossible with @Chriswolfe2007. 
@momentbymoment1 - I'm sure you and your site will! 
@JonathanRKnight Good luck with the cruise!! Your gonna need it! 
"@glutenfreegirl  well, I'm doing whatever our neighbor tells us, and if that produces vegetables, I'm cooking them!"
"@milagro88 Hi there, Cel.  How are you doing today?"
"@Chubbx Goooooood morning, Chubbx  how are you today?"
@BrittyDS Don't blame me.  I just like good things. ;)
@darkknight808 okay! I think little oven again on wednesday!  7-9pm?
@LoriGama that's most excellent  lotsa people loving you hehe *Winks*
"@jia_zhen it's an odd little thing isn't it, 'is it from another planet?'.... but i think i like it "
"amidst all these recession talks, my friend told me yesterday that she got a pay hike  it sure is a nice to hear that."
is now using windows and tweetdeck... temporarily... 
I Joined ShoeDazzle Society by @KimKardashian I am Excited! Can't wait for my Shoe selection!  Link: http://www.shoedazzle.com/
"@robgokeemusic I know - I should have made some, taken them to my meetings &amp; I should have foreseen my sister was going 2 pick up a stray "
@JonathanRKnight you can DIRECT MESSAGE us/me/all of us...whatever you want 
@mars2thestars here it is  http://tinyurl.com/hecklerxyz
Week 2 of the fitness challenge and I'm starting off strong.  Just submitted my stats for the night and it ain't bad 
Your Following for a Reason.....  www.facesbyrozzj.com
"I missed twitter, ym, multiply and PET SOCIETY. I haven't been able to use the internet because I was quite busy for the past few days. "
"@mileycyrus Juz watchin' 3 eps. of your show HM, I must say I instantly became a fan of urs! ;D Lovin' ur humor so mucho! More power 2 u! "
I have a new background  It didn't exactly work how I wanted but I was bored with the old one.
If you are at #Paragon please vote my work!  LOL
@mrskutcher I keep forgetting you are in a different time zone than normal! I see your 'tweets' about the morning when it's 10:45pm here! 
@mantia Do you have an example of the animation? I mean a youtube video or something? I'm curious to see it work. Snowing there too? 
@TheRudeTypist Need an invite to hunch? 
@JonathanRKnight Thought you were a Mac 
@JonathanRKnight Maybe Jordan could help you answer a few? Just an idea.. 
"Finally made my map of Panama. &quot;What's a Panama, is that like an animal?&quot; Haha love my friends "
@ManyaS 
@ddlovato I will gladly give you the squirrel in Jenny's house if you join us. A SQUIRREL. It'll kill two birds with one stone! 
Got the vocals done! now time for the best part: the music track or bed! whichever you wanna call it lol 
"will be part of my friend's wedding entourage. In Tagalog, abay sa kasal. I'll be carrying the veil. Thanks, Mau. "
"@Bern_morley it's the weather, petal. don't sweat it ... oh ...  ... sorry ... "
@dfizzy Hey There ! How are you today? 
"Whoops, sorry to anyone trying to email me earlier today. My inbox was full but should now be empty "
@chocolate_dip lol i wasnt complaining just making sure @yoeyfreshier wasnt getting off before me but @tivon cleared that up 
@mademoiselledee That is one freaky movie. I like &quot;I got life&quot; 
Megan is hanging out 
Going to bed and then up early to prep for an interview in Cleveland tomorrow 
A healthy remedy for you AND your dog  http://PetParenthood.blogspot.com #dogs
That was sick. Soma rocks. 
@staceysoleil  yep..lol  I was bored... Edward is hunting with the guys..
@victoriaerin HEYYYYYYYYYYY YOU 
"Studying philosophy and math... &lt;----BLAH aka listening to music and on twitter, facebook, and myspace "
@JonathanRKnight There is no way on earth that you can answer everyone  Will you ask Donnie if he got the gift from my 9 yr old lastnight?
on my psp browser for the first time in over a year 
@aparajuli good luck to you 
Is glad the Angels won their first game of the season. 
@misstoriblack I have absolutely no doubt that I will!  here's to your continued success 
Another day in the office... 2 days to go.  http://twitpic.com/2y2y1
@mattimassacre nice  yeah so wish I could afford those things
@loic I want to see that too! But it'll take so long to get 800 friends.. 
Uploading the greatest cartoon from the Newspaper ever - regarding Twitter. 
"@levimorales glad you liked! That Henry Ford had a good idea every now and then, didn't he? "
Studying with friends!  that's my update
@piercethevic im glad everythings going good for you guys 
"@JonathanRKnight Don't worry about it, we are just happy to have you on here! "
"@suplada I'll get those stuff fr the UK/Japan. If I'm desperate enough for headphones from the US, I might do JAC. My tita can be slow. "
@eddieizzard You wouldn't happen to still be in NYC doing gigs on Friday or Saturday next week? 
ty  @GR8FL - soon I upload too  Emmylou Harris ï¿½ I'll Be Your Baby Tonight (GR8FL)  ? http://blip.fm/~3x8zc
cheeck thiss hand cuz im marvelous ;) boy.. idk hoow im gona make it threw this weeeek 
Watching Seven Pounds with my mom. I hope i dont fall asleep. AfterMidnightProject TOMORROW! 
"@jennmae awesome.  home from work around 430, and then have to take the puppy out, then to Capones. "
@nerdist  That photo IS Vegas 
@elissakim  yeah!  opening day too!
@iamdiddy I feel you I hate working out too! But our results will be MAJOR! When you look good you feel good! 
@fmsQuatro the A's are my AL team 
had a really good day    off to do some shoppping
@kamy775 ok..I did it...hope it works now 
@amp451 good night  sweet dreamz
@i140 I hope that Scentsational doesn't get dissed 
will invite people to twitter. 
@bluestreak23 @jasonandjodie Coming soon enough my friends - Big project in works for just that - Good new and only good news 
@cookrn woohoo!  yeah that day i was rockin it hard core  
"@JonathanRKnight Hey Jon we all love ya and understand,that's all it counts  "
@imalcolmjames no internship yet but ive got a place to stay. w/ any luck i'll spend some time in teaneck before heading back to utah 
"If I can make it to bed without running into a wall or tripping over my own feet, that is. Heh. "
"@mayhemstudios Yes, using it for 3 week now. Pretty happy with the result "
@larryczerwonka Exactly!! 
i wonder how long i can stay up until i pass out and wake up again at 6 
@DonnieWahlberg Great words of wisdom D-Dub!! Now can you tell the doctor to let me have some alcohol &amp; caffeine!! 
@Jonathanrknight so good knight and sleep well.  I know I will now!! 
exhausted! but glad i got to see UNC become national champs!  
Centrelink wasnt as bad as I thought it was going to be !!!! 
@davesjessica wouldn't want you any other way! 
Is hella excited cuz the Italian is here 
"Love having access to a research machine with 4 quad core 64 bit opterons, and 60 gigs of ram "
"It was quick, but exhausting. 1 day @ a time "
Jasmine and Bohdi are here for the holidays!! 
@pfspleen I'm good! Had some very strange dreams last night but hey dreamin' means i'm sleepin'  How's you this morning?
going outside to jump on my trampoine  WOOOT!
@SophieVeronica today was rad. we made it into the finals for cross country YAY. love you sophie &lt;3 (L) ps everythins cool with my mates 
"@HuntersMama1985 LOL, I was thinking the same thing "
"@JonathanRKnight Don't feel pressured, none of us EXPECT a reply back, we're just happy to be able to listen to you talk  "
@Suai Oh &quot;Shooter&quot; is a good movie!  Only seen it once tho.  Gotta put that back on my &quot;to watch&quot; list! 
@DonnieWahlberg I can tell u have spoken. FB &amp; Twitter are on Fire right now!!  Hope ur feelin better love.  have a great night...
"@KourtneyKardash i hate morn workouts bc i love to sleep late  ha have fun in mexico! love the show, is the trip gonna air on keeping up?"
"i'm feeling somewhat artistic...time to break out the sketching pad, i feel a new dress design coming "
"@ma_shinka go on, Mary's listening "
@TheAshBall 
nodame cantabile is &lt;3. I think I'm falling in love with classical music. 
"...so i just ordered my copy of Hardcore Underground 3  love me, love me! Canary in skinny jeans going balls deep."
@markegli &amp; @kariegli the dinner menu this week is something pasta-y (we have cheese?) and also chicken noodle soup. 
"new jersey, here i come "
on facebook 
"@Vonster good point, 2 draw  2 don't  nice quote though. I like that."
@Croconaw goodnight 
"@danielkirkley Lead Me To The Cross is one of my favorites!! Great job, D!!! "
just got back from starbucks.. tried the tea with lemonade very good  miss gg already. 1st one!
BOOM BOOM POW-oops 
The Super Red Diva !!!  Stupid University 
This latest episode of NewNowNext is like full of awesome! 
"When you just want things to end, remember to have faith because one day, it's all going to be alright "
@ PBnJen : Thanks for the great tour and making me even more excited to work in PR!  You Rock and so does S&amp;B-would love to work there!
@DonnieWahlberg YOU give me joy....and you have for years. You are such an amazing man and we are all lucky to know you. 
"@tothepc Did you check out http://www.weboword.com We aren't a dictionary, but we are all about Visual Vocabulary!  Come have fun."
Artistic affirmation from a drunk lady was kinda just what I needed! 
@Honey3223  Honey goodnight I am up really early in the morning busy day will catch up with you later tomorrow 
"A je kakï¿½en rip od Trenutek resnice? Link, link, link "
Lamb Chowmein for dinner tonight.... hhhmmm with slightly roasted buttered dinner rolls! YUM YUM YUM... so hungry 
tweeting from my brand new Sony PSP... just because I CAN!!  
@MussoMitchel Hey you should go on tour sometime with your brother! Metro Station is freakin awesome! 
"well tweeps, im off, i gotta have a shower then go get a haircut. good bye everyone "
@juliaroy I've just seen your Flickr and I've fallen in love!!! Just Wonderful!!! Awesome... !!! 
@danielc Sorry it wasn't Wrath of Khan.  But we made do. 
"juggernaut, dr. doom, magneto, &amp; xavier!  ahahah today was a good day n__n"
@ricardooooo we'll have a geek off next time you are in Tahoe!! But you need to get miss vicky jay reciting star wars by then 
 aww dont make me blush!
trying to figure this thing out 
watching &quot;The Princess Bride&quot; I want a Wesley!!! 
@lisaholmes you can buy my fiances duplex in Terwillegar 
@apleaforaaron i could really eat some cheese  i have a hankering for some austrian smoked cheese. YUM!
@ddlovato I am so FUCKING jealous of you girl. Have fun though  xxx
@ThaStevieG my bunnys name was Lucy  you can go ahead and guess who she was named after lmao
@pixelpipe any updates for iPhone OS 3.0 yet? I miss you guys 
"Denise, I love you. "
"Happy Morning, la toat? lumea!  "
@CTesdahl well you can always digg or stumble...both have aided me greatly in wasting countless hours of my life 
vote for @xxStephy http://www.tripcentral.ca/PHP/funny/index.php?action=playVideo&amp;videoID=89 !  yayyy
"Played @ gpokr.com, busted some n00b arses  waiting for pokerstars freeroll to begin and having coffeeeeeee!!!"
@XPhile1908 &quot;convenience&quot; of the remedy &lt;---That's just cuz you are a doc!  #24
Karaoke with XT on Wed and drum lessons on Thursday!!! What a week... I'll work somewhere in there 
@pepstein Type it on the blog post and print it 
@fachatc  Obi und Hornbach. #Baumarkt (via twitter.com): @fachatc  Obi und Hornbach. #Baumarkt http://tiny.. http://tinyurl.com/d9wnza
"@honey_honeybun Aw, thanks...let's hope so! I am more worried about Geoff's teeth! Hope you are having a good day, H or HB. "
Watching Keith Olbermann(late late rerun) then it's on to The Daily Show which is having Michael J. Fox on as guest. My high school crush 
@imagejennation @whitrt we found a great Chinese place to hang out at 
"@esotericsean heh, thanks for advertising my skills "
@pmeanwellralph not at ALL.  I was SO offline from here for about 6 wks with my PACKING and then MOVING to #Vegas. 
@aaminahh I'm excited about the books you received too! 
@DonnieWahlberg 8 more days Wahlberg.. .then it's YOU and ME !!    Finally!!!
@everyone if im following u. . .its mandatory u follow me 
@codelust the dvd is with me. will bring when we meet next 
@Sexxyindividual well i dunno..i didnt give him an ans yet  u kno who am i talkin bout??
@pkahleeb how that big baby boy doing? How are you and Em doing? Have you figured out you may never get a full nights rest again? 
@coryBasil Hurry up and be the first person to publish a book of twitters! 
@stevonelson  I like that one. I've used it on a project here.
playing with my new toys 
A fair goodnight sweet Twitters. Have pleasing dreams and a restful slumber. 
@marsacademy ugh I am so jealous of you. I miss those boys. Tell them I say hi. 
Budget: A method for going broke methodically.    #1liners
@naughtyhaughty Sooo chill!  So what part do u live in? I went 2 Laguna Creek in South Sac then got my own place in Citrus Heights...
@StacieLane  How are you? Was good seeing you @ Lip Service last week!
@KeepinUpWKris omg you are the best mom...your girls are blessed 
is watching CSI : NY.  ) Excited for Lighting Workshop. 
Fine-tuning part of a song Maddy and I r making.  Sounding good. I feel pro. Not. Hahaha
shares Yeheeyyy! My karma has gone up  http://plurk.com/p/mzrpe
"@javajive humm, the iStore had alot of similiar reqs. Maybe you should head their way "
@pocketfulofme hahaha i so should of! but my nails were wet. hehe.but he was helpful  he flipped the magazine pages for me 
Blackberry Bold and Kingston 8gb microsd card en route 
@ontheMAPP DITTO! not as good as the Nirvana Sandwiches 
@augustineiv Thank you 
@kcarruthers *flicks hair* I prefer to be called a &quot;twenius&quot; 
"@Steve_Buscemi And the weather in England, at this hour of the morning (6:47 am) is cool, gloomy &amp; crap. YOU have a nice day, mate! "
Im going to JAY LENO!!! 
"@DonnieWahlberg Yessirrr! Don't give anyone that much power, do what makes you happy...that's why I'll be seeing you in da summah!! "
ADD ME ON MYSPACE!!!  myspace.com/LookThunder
@JonathanRKnight how does it feel to have thousands of girls anwering ur every twitter? Must be cool 
"I'm up. quite... err, early. My colleague &amp; i are off for outfit hunting. Need some new gowns. Gonna leave my 2 big babies sleeping. "
agghhhh  looosing my mind!!!!
"Amazing night in Dallas with my Advanced TV Production class  Happy Birhtday, Sam!!"
ugh... allergies are killing me tonight! this house is driving me crazy! you and i should just run off and live in a bubble together  yes?
"@DaveLindquist casting director called me today, she's wicked excited &amp; is presenting us to the producers. I'll let you know when I know "
@busybeeblogger I hope so too. More movies where we get to see his lil Gilles again hopefully 
"just gott homeee, sawww the haunting off conetticuttt. haha SCARYYY!  going to florida on thursdayyy! &lt;3"
@legmar @linnix glad to see my household problems entertain you 
@surfclubhit hope you had fun 
is home. Hmmm how lovely to be in 85 degree weather. 
@stacylav Then I'll you a Vancooooooover shout out to your new &quot;personal&quot; account. 
@EricBttn Yeah right!! Just hang out with the cast and accidentally have ALEX fall in love with you too right??? 
There's always something good happening in our lives. We just have to open our eyes and take time to realize... 
@brainstormprick broke ya record and i got 2 witness it  yaaaay!
@DerekHousman holler boooooo! haha I founnndddd you 
@AngelsMind hey hey. 
Great to see you following us as well @mazda3rev 
@frenchGCfan I live in Sweeeeden  it's SO boring here -.-
@mrskutcher it's only 1am here...i'm just on my way TO bed lol. weird. hope you have a good morning! 
@_writersblock_  me too. thought I was going to bed but had to reply to jon &amp; donnie 
Just bought a car!!! YAY for me! 
"@ddlovato heydemi  whats up? haha, i just wanted to say i love you music and your a really talented person. love to hear from you &lt;3"
"@milagro88 LOL! That's ok. Yeah, we did.  He's looking forward to Thursday since we're going around for Visita Iglesia. 14 churches!"
OMG .. Have to load up the iPOD off to Fresno tomorrow.. I need to stay entertained.  Leaving at 4 am urrrggg!
That would be why @JonathanRKnight laughed at me when I told him my username has caca in it. lol 
"Tune Hotels, has opened bookings for brand new rooms in its upcoming new hotels in Kuching. "
@wolfsoul Thanks!  
"@HeatherSullivan and, by the way, thanks for helping me define that better. "
@laurenrodriguez try it and see. it's all trial and error. 
"@MrSabur sweet, thank you "
And p.s. I'm getting paid to boss my sister around 
Yess! Twittering from my phone again! 
"@anaperiodista still its fun to go out there. im jealous, you were at Wrigley field though., i might have to go out there this summer "
"@LBheart_Jessica Yes... I'm going to Kenya in August for 10 days w/ Tumaini International, loving on cute AIDS orphans. SO excited! "
@ycsing that's nicki our monday night drag queen... 
@pointlesswords Sorry no credit - switched Jose for Xavier 
@warp I love that Aussie cattle dog story 
@MFeatherstone way to pick a winner! 
"called my hunnybunny, and i miss her already!  night lova'!"
"@willkuhn Granular synth tutorial = cute  Oh, and very informative, too."
100 followers - that is exciting 
"@paul_e_wog haha, I dunno about the gay..I read it more in a Strong Bad voice. "
Trying out the new Riedel glasses 
@JonathanRKnight I am beginning to think that you are now finally Twiverted 
"Hungry! Hungry hungry hungry. Starvin' like Marvin. Only, he isn't starvin' anymore, I just fed him his nightly fish-food "
@noarmsjames my lovely man is cooking me dinner and then we're going for a walk 
@RumLover if more than one lady agrees to attend with with you then I am fine with it! 
I'm getting ready to drink tea.. Emma's gonna eat some Rice meal. 
@DonnieWahlberg you make me smile 
@lucky_23 Your avatar is teh purdiness 
"@jennifermf totally know what u mean!this late night stuff has been 2 my detriment 4 YEARS,lol;society is discriminatory toward night ppl "
Survived the night time gherkins.  Heads swimming with ideas this morning.  Only a few of them are actually workable. Time to get busy! 
I'm on brookes computer on piczo and twitter watching viva la bam. ?luv it? its 1:00 am and still in my skinny jeans. 
@angiekaybee yep i saw him in february and i get to see @dfcook on may 8th. looking forward to seeing him again 
@youtube  check it out  my page subcribe updating soon http://www.youtube.com/user/KoolKidzBlock
really hungry...so i grabbed some ice cream from the freeze. 
I'm new and lost 
@rveturis that is very sweet of you to say 
@PhoneBoy I can't wait to read that. 
My pinky toe has been broken for months. I should be concerned :| 
goodnight everyone 
I loved today 
@EmilyCello Nessun realmente! ... I guess &quot;No! Davvvero!&quot; is what you mean 
I noticed a lot of Apple product placement tonight  #hhrs
class surprised me with a bday cake in Lit class. best bday surprise in a LOOOOOONNNNG while 
@nikan Did it just begin to... reveal the true nature of the company? 
@Twinnadryl lol freak session wit ya wifey eh? hah 
@ilvdbch yes I've met many a good one. The last one just kinda sucked 
yeah guys i will totally bring dublin to the party. he would love the company. 
noches twitterricolsss 
"@azmamakim Now I get to take Ash to and from school   Mornings will be crazy, but my kiddos will love it!"
@benhamin thank you 
@hsumilo too much playing wii la ... dont bluff 
@islandcubfree but of course bud 
@hellhousemedia ok thank you for the modivation 
@mandiebear I promise.I am so tired today I think it'll be an early one for me too. Tis 4pm &amp; I'm stuffed  #blib
"@Bncngoffthwlls Like the ones i have now, but am willing to look at other ones "
@sarahmorrmorr having a marathon now!!!!! 
@chasepino I wish I was as cool as you.. 
is sitting around...wondering what's next!  
"@CheapyD sweet, new episode of cagcast, thnx cheapy "
"Boredum.. can be, well.... boring. lol Still figuring out twitter.. HI Mitchel... lol sorry im bugging you but i only have 3 peeps so far "
so sleepy. good times tonight though 
@DonnieWahlberg My kids get up and wish you a good morning  They donï¿½t know what time it is in america 
@NickityNatNat Color it purple! 
"@Lee_Knight lmao! thanks Lee XD, would u like to join in our craziness as well lolol  ROFL come &amp; join we don't bite.. not hard anyway! ;)"
back in kY!! 
@ddlovato I saw u were on and I just wanted to say hi! U r an amazin person + an inspiration.Thank you so much! I hope I can meet u 1 day 
@AK_NG you are not insane your husband tho not to sure 
"@Skiddybabyyy baha. leave it to them to start a fight ,, grr, oh well atleast it makes for amazing entertainment "
@RightNowRadio here's one more music to cool it down.  ? http://blip.fm/~3x99s
@ferretfreakx4  I had so much fun tonight!    And I'm totally stealing all your pictures when you upload them.  hehehe
@turtlebus i want a seahorse. 
"@ddlovato , i lovee you  check out hermans hermits. old, but classic group  i got like 4 of their songs stuck in my head  reply? &lt;3"
@erin2011 If you have any questions about journalism don't hesitate!   Good luck with everything!
@nicolerichie that was my favorite show/series when i was little! 
hi Dianna ...this is so cool ... i just recently started twittering 
"@briancrouch yeah, you and i are both rockin' bothell. maybe i'll see you at the next event or fred meyer's or something "
"@JonathanRKnight HOWEVER, I'm NOT turning status updates on 4 u becuz I have insomnia &amp; u'll just wake me up. Only D is allowed 2 do that "
@KevinRuddPM: you're a dead set legend! Please make the broadbands super fast I will love you forever. 
"@jessewilson I just wasted 2 hours, when all I needed was that null  Thanks heaps - it works perfectly now."
"soon, i'm going to bed "
@veronica78 guess i better make more tweets for @JonathanRKnight to give us a &quot;sweet&quot; bedtime story!  plz!
is BAKING ! HAHAHA. With abby and nikki !  http://plurk.com/p/mzsld
Wooohhooo the beach was awsome  .. haha i luve ..it The water was soooo cold .. went to seattle to Aqui bech or somethin like that =P
@Wwailord mkay deal 
@wmmarc great interview! Glad to see it 
@JonathanRKnight A truly great place to eat is the Canteen in Ottumwa.  Loose meat hamburgers in a tiny cafe.  Everyone's friendly. 
Uploading photos first before leaving 
@ddlovato PLEASE FOLLOW ME DEMI!!! 
"Coding on my Hp Mini 1000, I had said I won't this but this keyboard doesn't hurts  "
@BkBap Ahhh sound advice. 
"@abigaillovesyou LOL, well, that happens. But its worth it.  You've got me wanting to make a midnight run to the convenience store."
@DaveB41 can you help? 
"@GhostTheory sorry, I'm a little late on this response to the 'sample of EVP question'... which one are you referring to?   J"
@ddlovato Pollen and salt - daphne loves derby . = love. i love your little song tweets so i decided to send you on of my own 
Finally almost home 
it worked! Now i have this feeling that i might have to sleep outside... 
"@point_moot Odd, I was just listening to the scotch_mist version of &quot;15 Step&quot; when you replied. "
@shanzer22 i know right 
So far kinda really liking Espresso over Dreamweaver. Handcoding html/css ftw 
"@KnightOwl89 Sounds good,  I wish i could have done it but I'm determined to find them in the park. They better be in there!"
aaaaahhhh.... finally done. next stop zippy's. 
"@WeTheTRAVIS &quot;Don't Speak Liar&quot; is my favorite of your songs, I'm looking forward to hearing it in Orlando  Get well soon!  ((((hugs))))"
"@StacieLane Oh...well, never mind then.  lol But what if a guy you really liked had a mama like that?"
Ok bed time. I wish I didn't have an exam on thursday otherwise I would just go around harassing people to vote! lol. Night guys! 
@kylefox No problem. Let me know if you know of anyone who's looking to get into photography and may be interested. 
@JonathanRKnight  I totally agree!!! why r we limited on what we need to speak out about- i need more than 140! lol its sooo random 
@MerCleve go to sleep. I hope u pee on yourself in the middle of the night.  I'd hate to have to beat u on the golf course tomorrow. 
"Nooning The Wedding and Old Man Sharted and throwing moon pies as we venture to Macon, Georgia "
Sent an email to one of my undergraduate professors - she replied back saying I made her day 
"@RyanStar  Hey Ryan, just thought I'd say that u put on a great show in Radford Sunday night, &amp; I'm so glad I got to meet you! "
@spencerordonez although we have lot work to do and cannot wait to start this project 
Karaokï¿½ @ Figa on Mondays feels like a Gossip Girl episode! lots of fun. XOXO 
"@GABBYiSACTiVE mmmmmm coffee please, LOL "
And so a down day on the market...happy my stocks held up 
@garyphayes I don't know what I want. If you search SilkCharm Chocolate you'll see the recommendations... crowdsourced chocolate 
im going to danniis party nd im gona dress up as a giant duck  yaay!!
@emmajapan Congrats on being so quick for your double pass. Pls email your details to sales@fashionpalette.com.au to claim your tix. 
@LisaNoelRuocco oh and i like your new hair too. i think it really suits you. 
leave approved! europe here i come  thanks singapore airlines for the cheap flights 
@starrkissed hope you feel better  J
@KittyBuffieKat  I havent but since you turned me on to it..I will  all of them! http://bit.ly/dRsN8
"@tweetshrink Hah, yea, I suppose ;)  And I love the customer service!! "
@dhollings Your TwitterTips bar runs like a dream on FF 3.0.8 
night twittys! i hope to dream of  johnny depp again 
@Mgpotter You're cute 
looooong day finally come to an end. as long as the bebes stay asleep. haha  bring on tomorrow!! B-)
@KingdomGuard @hothobolover I guess we will make him have guest appearance in ours then 
"@aiorselvar A brand spanking new Aior, to boot "
http://twitpic.com/2y3cc - new baawwnggggg!  but no green. sigh.
signing off now  ttual
@poptopvw Cool arent they? I love them  Makes life so easy!
i fell of the tredmill today in sport 
Look closely at the sign   ?
"going to the sunshine coast on Thursday  should be pretty awesome, i can update my tan "
@Cookcj I love reading your tweets but it would be nice to see your lovely mug when I read them. Where's your picture? 
"Packing, then airport off to Alaska  Please don't lose my luggage AlaskaAir!!!"
"@ryuuenx no the other guys you mentioned, haha  its cool ive been posting up random stuff for the past hour&amp; been getting a kick out of it"
"@SilkCharm re: #nbn as someone already said, does fiber to the home mean we will all at least be regular now "
My Chumby blasting 80's tunes....good times.  http://www.matthartley.com/chumby.html
@privarma I hope the Rupee symbol won't look like the &quot;R&quot; they use in Reliance 
@jenniferg07 it is all in good fun we know you don't want to kiss a girl. 
@OfficialJagex you could use twitter to give us more info about MechScape o.0 Please 
listening to then by Brad Paisley! 
@ashleeadams doesn't make you look fat at all man. Good photo. 
"almost late for work had ten minutes to get ready, the lack of sleep had it's consequences. factory on friday. beachbar on sunday "
"@joycekim haha, I have not told him yet. "
@heidimontag I think that it's going to be a good season 
"well in that case, you know what i mean, hahaha i love a good...whatever role you decide to take on. "
@row_13 www.Raideil.com has great hosting. I don't know about domain but you should check them out. 
losing time 
people amaze me 
hit up my myspace - im goin to sleep tho so peace. www.myspace.com/dxckinyamouth 
@lvesckmelody .......i  watched the previews that they've been playing way too much.... it looks really bad!! Stop watching it.   haha ...
Four more days till i get to see the girlfriend 
"I'm too much of a twitter lurk to use this. I will anyway, though. "
"@hertbeat it is still only 1st coffee of the day for me ! Happy Tuesday, off to see Jeff Dunham and Achmed the dead terrorist tonight ! "
"WOAH! Have never been so stoked, Ive just found out a way to move to London next year instead of in three  Im so happpy."
Home just in time for Chelsea Lately 
@jlsbby http://twitpic.com/2y0fo - cutest dog ever  what's his name?
"I was watching Pride and Prejudice, one of the  best movies ever, I love this movie! and the book too "
"Up early again. Work today, off tomorrow, course Thursday, off Friday. So not so bad! "
@arlenecd OH ISH!!! I WAS JUST KIDDING!!! WHERE IN CALI IS THIS @?!?!? 
@Starrbby when u move back to jersey its gonna be better 
@JonathanRKnight You tweet while I'm doing a newscast or while I'm sleeping...I can't win! I'm glad u had a fantastic show...sleep well 
@jerimee It's over...thankfully 
talking to william 
@heidimontag Great episodes.  Didnt know there would be two!
"Trying something new.  New job, new hopes, dreams.... "
"@Kelly_N_Va I got your tweets!  Sorry, I was distracted by two heavenly bodies.  "
will eat lunch  http://plurk.com/p/mztfi
@dezine it's also amusing how many people who DID complain about Bush's spending are suddenly supportive of Obama's!  #tlot
"@GinaDeAngelo ha, definitely not vegan. I'm drinking it, still alive too. All is well "
going to sleep! twitter has been on drugs today. Nighty night! 
"@stonedi Awww, you're so sweet. Thank you for the compliment "
of course he makes me feel better 
Back from school. NO MORE SCHOOL FOR TWO WEEKS 
goodnight all &lt;3 goin to bed gotta get up early and get the fuck out of town tomorrow  canada here  I come
@missrogue I'll by drinks for anybody that can pull off Boy Named Sue by Johnnie Cash 
Is lying in bed with a babe 
Still up. Playin cards with the girls. 
@chictopia Let me know what you think- I have a long list of other great designers 
@araza13 it could have been one of those miniatures 
@JonathanRKnight  Iwas thinking same thing..night all!! 
"@comeagainjen hey x] just wanted to say your awesome, and angilena or however your spell it has nothing on you "
@JonathanRKnight or are you a Mac?  then you could do anything! 
@rashmid congratulations!! tht makes a lot of us very very happy. 
@colorofviolence yay  i'm happy for you guys....now hurry up and spit out the next one 
"@comeagainjen if you dont, neither do i "
"@nicolerichie absolutely, my sister used to pretend she was Anne! "
Just installed twitterberry on my blackberry bold 
Working on the new Cricket game for the i-phone...you guys will like it i am sure  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=771uKX4zhZQ
...Sweet Dreams!! 
"Night, Tweeties...see y'all tomorrow!  "
SHAZZAM - Vivvid is 78!  Go Wemb 
@dwsmillionthhug I made it in time. Just giving you a hard time 
Elvis isn't dead he just took home &quot;quote! MIB 
@deepbluesealove I was never an early morning person so I really didnt have anything to get over 
"@DefyGravity81 damn B, espanol and francais? you are one talented lady "
Is making bad decisions 
Dan leapt out of bed to take pictures of the lake. Snow on the ground but warm in the low morning sun. Bacon time 
Good Knight Jonathan!  
"@nicolerichie YES! lol...when you live in canada, anne part of your childhood. I grew up with all the books and tv series "
@nick_carter http://fanclub.backstreetboys.com/chat.php  ? is not crazy! we're like 3 persons there! lol
Misses his nephew/godson. Come back to me Mr. Malachi. 
NOT LONG until our site goes on line  4 more hours to go 
@lifechangingliv that is so not nice... Just remember that its your bed i'll be peeing in! enjoy sleeping in the chair... 
@JonathanRKnight hope the highway is a smooth one! 
@dorkas426 i totally took the change of scenery. it was great. 
"@therealnph Hey NPH, whats up with all the strippers you're following? "
@mydesire thanks  next time I shall be better prepared LOL
Now we just need to get Yvonne a blackberry and a twitter account 
"Friend just asked me to be his Best Man. Guess that means a trip to Twin Falls, ID next year  What are the responsibilities of a Best Man?"
@TerriCook I have the same problem here .... but with rabbits   #blib
@GGGKeri completely agree...Fallout Boy = amazing 
Dang. Heroes and The Hills amazed me tonight!  off to do more studying!
new to this omg 
"stage 1 is just about 100% complete. Naw to wait a few days fo stages 2-4 to come, then BAM! Ill have the hottest hair in z world. "
"@butterflyb I must have had a dozen throat coats a few days ago. Ahhh, the Coat. That and Grand Marnier do wonders for me "
"received my bday parcel from home! n now i can hav my tang hun, mee sua, udong mee, ligo raisin, ba hu...... "
"Just published a new post on my blog, 15 Neat Print and Use Freebies http://twurl.nl/w1kpvd  "
@ChoChoMojo  Goodnight Miss Q  you take care  
Rye143gg (1:58:00 AM): Lol. Ur really pretty....so pls don't pull a britney &lt;&lt; haha thnx shauna...that made me laugh 
I feel so free  watching FRIENDS my favorite show!
"Whatta mess! We should have won this! Anyways, not bad after all! We won another series abroad. "
TODAY is THE day  Canï¿½t wait to see you Jacqui   Canï¿½t stop singing lady gagaï¿½s poker face. itï¿½s addictive xD. Last day of school today!
Today was so great.  My roommate and I played some soccer and I also got a nice run in on this sunny day  Time for some reading and sleep.
 now I'm happy 
@jaredleto trying to survive this day although Im alone at the office this week. Any suggestions from your side to brighten my day?  Thnx.
@feh1325 Next you'll be using glue stick as chapstick 
@Kjonge GEFELICIDINGEST!!! 
@secretfanofu big news Andrew: I'm moving up to SF at the end of the month! So making the most of my last month in LA. 
@rentan It can only happen to you. 
@bonnie_klide  I just think the cab ride through Sofia and the walk to class will be the most interesting part.  
@ninjaguitarsex I'm pretty sure the show part is just for before the show. Then it's like Twitter for the whole NIN fan community. 
"@trentvanegas twitter ain't broke, Trent, they got plenty of dough "
got my beta code of bumptop need to find a machine to run it  #bumptop
"just said bye to Rose. :/ On the upside, we've been together for eleven months. "
@tweeterdiva I only have one for now... I'd love to have a herd someday! 
@Tammi_LA Miss you! When are you free this week??  Can we do Yuri or something?
@briandavidz - I actually want to go to disney. we'll see if i have time 
"@heidimontag Glad I could do my part! 1/185k worth...If you'd like to help me Conquer Twitter, I'd be grateful @jazf or http://jazf.com "
@contactnaveen this is gr8 news indeed 
@MaraBG Goodnight I've enjoyed getting to know you too. Twitter you later 
listening to dashboard &quot;ghost of a good thing&quot; mannn definitely takes me down memory lane  good night kids
23 or 24ï¿½C possible today. Nice 
"ready for nice weather, day drinking &amp; not to ever be a student again "
"@nick_carter you are my IDOL, i love you!  you should reply to me.. &lt;3"
"Holy he'll, just had an epic Aporto burger with epic amounts of chilli sauce "
Going mimis with thoughts of Shick and Gavin DeGraw songs dancing in my head. 
@Lucky_Kristin  do you need any cookies?  I can get you some.   #girlguidecookies
heyy loves!! just finished my record in the studio!! going to kick it with lauren c.!!  byee!! &lt;3
"@hwaiting oh it's a random game lol im addicted with that, don't be afraid, join and be my pupil "
"haha, jeffree star's comment to me didnt make since but i still luv him. i am like wide awake and freezing! listening to lady gaga "
@PrincessSuperC Hey Cici sweetheart! Just wanted to let u know I luv u! OH! and will the mixtape drop soon? FANTASY RIDE MAY 5TH!!!!  
I think im in love 
"By the way... I never imagined that I'd have 111 followers. Thank you all, even the robots "
"my body's aching to rest, my mind's so freakin alert, my brain can't absorb a damn thing. but i must endure............ sike. gnite "
"@paulfeig the internet blows my mind everyday, the way nothing else can! "
@WBPodcast Hells to the no.  I only room with @demmalition.  
Just saw Sunshine Cleaning. I love Amy Adams 
Maybe if I jus listen to hawaiian music everyday my life will be more relaxing haha no? (via @lisakimfleming)worked for me 
@hzell good luck!!!! 
@JamesDeen you are my own personal Jeepers 
"@hassox no, but that sounds like a good idea, steve. "
"@OkieAnnie It's never too late!  Thanks! It was hard, so hard, to concentrate on taking screencaps"
@RobGrimes whats gooooood 
@dsiegel99 now if i could get to san diego the same night i could celebrate it twice lol thanks 
Lets Drop ..Ich hatte gerade Kï¿½se auf Toast. Germandoo. Oh the Joy of knowing some words in german  (via twitt.. http://tinyurl.com/dbvlwt
I'm having a conversation with my bro via twitter/fb and he's only in the next room 
@heidimontag hi  I'm new to twitter 
Gratitude is a great multiplier. Giving thanks and appreciating all we have opens doors for us to have more. 
Yay tomorrow i get to do today all over again! 
"should be in bed, but whatever "
come back 
Mmmm.. Page France.. If you don't know them.. you should   lyrical brilliance
"@ThePartyScene  &quot;you dream in black and white, i dream in vivid lights.&quot;"
hanging out with biology til 4am woo  !
"@ballookey Recoil pal? I'm a guy like me!  I will grab this up online tomorrow, currently texting from bed like a moron."
at work - listening to punk rock &amp; about to eat face cake - life is a mad lil drug 
Ok so I lied... Late night cravings and George Lopez got the best of me. Lol. So much for community service tomorrow 
@mistygirlph - hehehe. that was my halloween costume  we only have Friday off. flying to hk
@NLPride08 oh alright 
"@shannonelizab Happy Anniversary! As promised, here is your present from all of us at DSFF.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mp1JzFFLMS0"
@jamiegirl9 you silly goose...taking the cleveland browns to the superbowl eh?  i'm rootin for ya! 
@daygan Wow! This Ubuntu feature is really cool  ?? again! Got More??
@VampireBill  Goodnight and take care 
@fromGGwithLove we shud go see obsesses 
@derherr: thanks for the heads-up. Will follow and judge. 
Tomorrow is my friday!  +it's a late day for me. Thank goodness. 
Monsters Vs Aliens in 3D was fantastic ... Ginormica is my new favourite superhero 
@mikeexists waiting for your call 
@nicolerichie only one of the best sappy love stories ever 
haz her gown ordered today.  and dropped boogie off to the airport.  and now.. laundry galore is to be continued.
hanging out with Emily. I love her. She's wonderful. 
"@Bokul lol... that was a jhoke right ?? Get OpenOffice. Free to download and use  - No cracks, no piracy. Makes M$'s life hell"
Watching Paranormal State.Pretty interesting 
@Msdebramaye I heard about that contest! Congrats girl!! 
@frankiekillsyo chocolate chip waffles 
@julieand break out your Bible and share some scripture...its what I do!! 
UNC!!! NCAA Champs!! Franklin St.: I WAS THERE!! WILD AND CRAZY!!!!!! Nothing like it...EVER 
@arhi cred ca ai dreptate 
@Mpits its super easy lol I wish everyone would jump on the bandwagon 
@Devious_D We're open Thursday - Sunday and I'm at the shop Sat and Sun! Come in Saturday  DONT GET TOO DRUNK!! LOL
"@Shantymanfan I got your package! Wow, I'm so excited! My very own one! So, do I plant it in a pot for now, and water it till it grows? "
@FallenStar1 YAY!!! (even if i can't go *pouts*) She's supporting morrissey on one of his CA shows too which makes me happy 
@viaHourt ahhh i see i see.  im in bed watching ugly betty  lol
"@arielbh Hope I'm not too late.. anywat, Good luck "
@JonathanRKnight You are so right for saying that and good for you that you said it!!    Good Night!! xoxo
Morning mates 
TODAAAAAY! Let's show Nottingham how things are done! 
@arataka yay!  you found them!!!  
@zinedistro Your welcome. Looking forward to the event!!  Not long until May 1 now....
@caitlindean You should never regret. Things happen for a reason. Figuring out what that reason was is the hard part. Use your friends. 
standing in the richardson office changing a backup tape... I'm such a work-a-holic! 
@ work and then &quot;school&quot;..... 
@thalovebug 
injected with office coffee 
"@korionmorris oh no problem  im good, awake, should be sleeping. haha. how about you?"
"@yannionline I wonder who directed, there's definitely an ipod commercial in their future. "
@nanalipzz89 Hiya Tudy  How are you sweetie?
@Jenniferlaurenh I miss you. You were my first follower. &lt;3 We need to talk more! Or do a vlogbrothers thing and communicate thru vlogs. 
@DrMollieMarti Best of luck to you Dr and your new Rockstar sisters.  I know some women that are into MLM. I'll tell them about you. 
@heidimontag FKN FAKE THATS WHAT BUT I FUKIN LUV U  AND LAUREN IS SUCH A BITCH.
"@Akelaa Hi sweet heart .. science &amp; cookies go hand in hand   What tweetup, hon?"
"@mackmaine just checkin in with you, Saying hello. "
working into the wee hours 
"Nice, my contract was extended for another month "
"Just published a new post on my blog, 15 Neat Print and Use Freebies http://twurl.nl/w1kpvd   (via @dezignMusings)"
"Ok....momentarily diverted. Try this again.  Goodnight, and sweet dreams!    http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WCgX4VQp2o"
waking up with my nespresso 
"@Jeff_Sparxxx well in that case, you know what i mean hahaha. i love a good __________. (fill in the blank with the role of your choice.) "
Studying pediatrics and listening to NKOTB (as always!). The kids are pissed cuz they're trying to watch the Disney Channel 
@fourzoas Good night! 
@comeagainjen Which two people?? 
@jeanchia you're welcome dearie!  voted already! goodluck!
"Exhausted. Even so, my bed is super comfy/cuddly  Overall: content."
"@josesosa Ah, typical adolescent boy. It's ok, son. You'll see better days. "
Good morning to all followers. I wish you a nice Tuesday and good luck with your business. | Allen Verfolgern einen sonnigen Dienstag.  
@dangersqueezit I agree. I have weak enough teeth as is without bleaching away layers after layers.  Oh and Victory! Or death?... 
@RepeaterBand I missed the show last Friday! I was so bummed! But I'm excited that you guys will start recording with @ROSS_ROBINSON !! 
@DanniAsheOnline Awwww she called me sexy  nice! you rock Danni! you just made my night gurl! muah! I'll give you props anytime! 
@nick_carter Your weird. The end. 
@NEEFFRESH DON'T TRIP MY TWEEZEY FOR SHEEZEY... I GOTCHU 
"Had a great lunch with one of my &quot;mums&quot; today, @christineirmler  It's her birthday tomorrow too so I got her a little something"
"@wigsie I do too, but I seemed to have missed this one.   It's a  double feature tonight, On the Waterfront and Casablanca. "
i... just belted 'a dark congregation' for no reason. think i got back at my upstairs neighbors for the sound system 
"@Laura_McAuliffe errrrr oops, i could possibly me mistaken  i didnt know any Aussies follwed me lol."
"i just finished doing my nails, they are electric blue "
GOOD MORNING MY LADYS and Jon lol! 
busy @ PPUKM with Dr Yamin..  http://irc.jombuatduit.net
Tired as ever! Ready for bed! 
@JonathanRKnight Hello there Jonathan! I didn't know you tweet.  Have a good nite
@brettbodine I'd email 'em back TMI 
WOKE UP 
@hiphopnonstoptv  That's a lot of people for sure!
@saratoga  thanks for the LP endorsement 
@kmacable...you're sweet...yea I'm ok! 
im eating a chocolate crakle. i bet you all are jelous. its a mini party 
@nimbupani cos it's longer and therefore harder to spat that out? 
http://twitpic.com/2y3ln - thank you 
@aikabelle LOL yeah at least if you're watching that stuff... Don't tell anybody 
@mpconnolly finally someone else tweeting about Nouveau Riche.  #NRU
@officialTila I want some steak and milk. 
"@daNanner Yeah, just finished #castle.  Was pretty good. "
"@geekmp3 I can, I just have to convince a friend to go with me to sign the paper.   I don't think it's Ultimate or anything fancy, though."
im watching stomp the yard  mann i love that movie :]
@DrSecret Nice to meet you too buddy 
the best way to succeed is to make all the right mistakes 
alirght folks! time for bed. catchya tomorrow 
cant wait for the hillssssss ! 
"@Matt8U me too. :] maybe i'll see you there? i mean, its not like there are going to be thousands of people anyways. ha. so stoked. "
@nateflynn go to twin peaks &amp; check out the view of SF    don't forget your jackets/hoodies!
"@mozunk you can do that. just go hover over the tweet in the favorites, then tweet, then favorite. it will unfavorite it. "
The train is travelling at a speed that will get me to the gym before work 
"@rhifreakx yes yes!  btw, when r u at the airport on friday? My plane's like at 5:00"
brb going to Ireland 
"Okay, I'm good.  *counts to 10*"
Late night shower. Refreshing 
"is feeling a little cold, but very very happy about being back home again "
is thinking big v twin 
OK bedtime for me...  We made it through another Monday!!!  YAY!!!  Night Tweets!    *poof*
@danzero  so... could you spoiler me? 
just an hour and 25mins left of work and then jo and i are hitting the gym 
"goddamn you Danny, i started your video then realize its 11 fucking minutes, I WANNA GO TO BED!!! lol i do love his Video Diaries though! "
Good morning dudes! Another day full of sunshine  but classes will take until 4pm :-/ but I don't give a shit. BBQ this eve :-D
lol at dion putting eyedrops in his eyes 
@rosekimknits Thanks  Now I need to find a real excuse to not splurge on yarn.
Good morning everyone! 
"@xallthatjazzx The very night I watched it, I downloaded it to my laptop and am now very tempted to watch it lawl. "
"@hiannie Tiger is great, love the voice "
@DChetty I feel that way about sleep. What's the point if I am just going to wake up in a few hours anyway! 
@mari_chiquitita nice pics from last years festival. How about we plan to meet there next year! 
"@blueargon I lived the first handful of years of my life in Jacksonville, NC "
is home from work 
"@alix_says, it's just like school except there's even more homework and everyone's a lot nicer (normally) "
@Jnez How are the kitties/kiddies? 
@ILUVNKOTB he wants u to follow who he follows on twitter. some very nice organizations 
@lockbox EC year is nicer and you can stay up til 2am only if you prefer 
@tweeterdiva already did! 
i drew a cute baby zebra i think he is my favorite so far 
http://tinyurl.com/dg82p9  ok this might be in top 5 funny family guy clips 
Hamu is on my tour tm!!!! I'm excited 
"http://twitpic.com/2y3pg Not what I need for my current project, but THIS is ONE FUN &amp; FUNKY FONT! "
making dinner with my son 
@rachhiiee_ jenny knows i love er. 
@McCainBlogette Head over to the nearest Walgreens.  You need ear plugs and beer STAT.  
@TissieTC I agree with you!.. @nick_carter doesnt love us as much as @brian_littrell does  ? cuz he comes and visit us at fanclub chat!
@ty_fed u asked earlier about waking up....guess what...waking up at 3 am is bullshittery too! Past bedtime night guys! 
"@Jon_Favreau &quot;never worked on a sequel&quot; Maybe that's what we need to have a sequel live up to the first? Either way, can't wait! "
"@socalgurl83 LOL nice, thanks for translating "
@chanc Can't wait to see you in 4 sleeps and 3 days! 
Good morning everyone 
@tipsen5537 i should've clarified...why can't everything just work *for me* 
@JACATRENICH there ya go silly boy. nice job 
@JoeandJesse awesome!!! see you there!! 
@lspearmanii @milagro88 @dmf71 @paulmason10538 @mauibeech @gunka @maczter @ThankTank  #Gratitude
"@Dr_Alli Will Jack EVER die?! He's defied death more times than I can count...dude's got more lives than a cat, lol. "
@jonnylawchicago...I appreciate the recs 
@davekim volunteer for the hunch beta invite... 
@phillyan man ur picture is so small on my phone... I can't tell fropm that...give me a hint 
Training course today so just hope to stay awake through it 
@IsabellaMCullen Rodneys at Yaletown. May I ask who you are? 
"@MissGoogle Dubai to Montreal, not a big relocation shock is it ? "
YO CONOSCO A SUMMER GLAU !!!!!!!!! SUMMER GLAU IS MY FRIEND 
"@SinnamonS damn, I guess I'll be up for it afterall...for awhile anyway "
@lightinthesky wow. enjoy! 
@nicefaceMITCHIE girllllll you know 
@lynj65 Thanks for the encouragement! 
@vene2ia I know...what a crazy world! 
Mmmmmm shower and cozy bed. Soooo nice after this long day 
mock + documentary=mockumentary  
I have this strange desire to go to confession!!!!! 
@i_reporter answer sent in dm. try it 
"@brooklynunion cuz ur 3pm is my 9am and Id be either asleep or airport- bound...  Ima sneak sum'n special in 4u, tho ;-)"
@littrellfans Its all good. Just figured you would like to know. 
@nicolerichie Yea I remember it 
@matt_the_great forget the rest...You need to spend the night in prayer cause your only hope tomorrow is a good dose of grace &amp; mercy! 
"@mileycyrus  milezzzzzz, you are da best &amp; ur music 2. cant wait 4 da hm movie, it will rock   love ya ."
Nice run last night in the rain. Nobody about just me and some twittering birds!! Spinning tonight #triathlon training 
Mackie Manhattan is in the building 
just got TwitterFox.... so excited! 
http://www.flashsell.co.cc/parfumeslist.html - Fragrance House offer up to 70 % off ! Amazing 
It's a brand new day  Dr. Horrible is AWESOME!!! http://www.hulu.com/watch/28343/dr-horribles-sing-along-blog#s-p1-st-i0
ahhhh time to feed the tribe lol chicken casserole with veg yummo 
"@RobKardashian Rob, Your my fav Kardashian, Please say Hi to me "
@hanlly That was a cool blink song. 
@ShawnORourke lol tru dat! thanks bro! 
I got sunburn today haha. i was outside the wholeee day SKATINGGG 
@dmf71 rrrrrr you so very sweet a big hi to you!!!!!!! 
@Katnkyeri MAD RESPECT to you! 
For everyones clarification I am not on the run from the law or anything I am just having a few quiet months trying not to go out 
loves spending time with a newborn... i love you zoe!   so happy you joined us early!
@FrankSchuil IRL is way more user friendly in my opinion 
@BeadieJay Thanks (twice).  Work start date put back again. Maybe Thursday. Maybe after Easter.
@juliaroy you are just a tumbling fool. Love it. 
@triplejHack true off to the #startrekmovie world premiere soonish. enjoy talking about supa-fast interwebs with conroy 
"hehe, I'm such a dork, but I like my hat anyway.  "
Good morning Twitt-dudes for all around the world 
"@Staci_Marie I have to go outside to smoke, so I do that all the time. I live next door to a bar so the sounds aren't always soothing lol "
@JonathanRKnight Yay...Jon is an activist too!  Wooho...
@JoeyLibetta Been better. Sore throat and sniffles today. You well? 
done with all preparation... starting revision now..  i have my signals ans systems exam today .. wish me luck people.... 
@flamingindigo @natalielim click mouse! hahaha... i dont work with mice. 
Thanks to my new followers! 
can't wait for ball season to start in 3 weeks!  Getting my ball equipment home this week 
@LaBelleMusik I got slumdog millionaire from my netflix today. yeaaaaaa 
Fun sight: A biker got sandwiched bettwen two cars in high speed..Did he die?NO! he just stod up with his sigaret still firm in his moth! 
"Had an interesting, really random day... I'm glad my friends have found it hilarious... keeps me goinig. "
@DaveBos its okay ive done it once didnt but Wooo Stayed up longer then expected lol 
@dk_emmanuel Solomon was supposed to be wise - but 3000 wives - I'm thinking not 
Bad day today just bad but loved seeing sancha again 
"I wonder what jon thinks when he see's all his tweets, i picture him and jordan busting a nut laughing at us.  oh yeah.. jordan..."
had a great ending to a great day!  Being brave pays off.  Thank you Jesus-seriously.  Now off to watch the Hills and then bed!
Pray for my friend @growline late work...pray it all goes well...with energy from our Lord!!  God is Good! #worldprayer
@KesavaReddy  mba is good for learning tools/techniques..but one shouldn't start taking the jargons seriously!
@materialBITCH totally real! Theres no way that was faked! Aweosme though  HA
taking a shower 
"@Hail_Mary_Jane They banned me so I can't help you myself, hopefully others will "
"believes i'm a twitter-whore. (twitterers Anonymous), T.A meetings here i come "
"@chamillionaire naw naw fuck that son, fuck that, u best respond to every tweet and twit u fuckin get! fuck the studio! fuck your life! "
"@MiltyKiss what are the theme songs for each, again? All I know is DBSK's Rising Sun is in it! "
"OK, that was good. Totally grooves with a lot of the mythos in the original. &quot;There are those who believe life here began out there...&quot; "
"@CuttaC @cocoandbreezy @zillaman @DatBoiBabyC @WRECKAMIC @ and everyone on here reppin Texas and Dallas, Mad Love &lt;3 Good nite y'all "
@ColorBakery http://twurl.cc/qs4 Try this page 
@camillejaiden I saw that 
@JonathanRKnight Don't let the bedbugs bite.   Sweet dreams.
@NileyJemiLover Your Welcome Bestie Whats Up Hunz? 
done with &quot;The Hills&quot;......have the flu....I think? But I need a smoke. LOL. 
@christy8_77 and just when did you arrive? hiya girlie 
/nickserv register izon 123456 xxx@gmail.com  re: http://ff.im/1XVdh
GOOD NITE EVERBODY I HAD A LONG DAY AND DID A PROJECT NOW IT IS FINALLY TIME TO GET SOME REST PEACE 
@marlycat  :o do i have 2 say hey to continue been followed?!  ily 
@katayy what do you think of Kelly clarkson? her new album has been pumping through my MP3 player for weeks now 
@Prince_P follow me chris!! 
@JonathanRKnight Good bless you too! hehe  Hasta pronto!!
@nanalipzz89 BabyKnightOwl  I won't call you Trudy if you don't want it lol I am fine why are you in a bad mood sweetheart?
"@GayTwink just for future reference, since i know you plan to message me hourly, its mykl4 with an L not a 1 "
"I M La Boheme: NSFW hey guys, spread the word! the green party is in town!  ï¿½I...: hey guy.. http://tinyurl.com/dlevo2"
@thejoe78 sounds like you're enjoying pregnancy 
"@paulmason10538 Ha-ha, don't you go starting again. I've stopped playing with it now, Mobbler I mean "
@NOSSOATELIE Thank you dear! 
zombies can be cute... in cupcake form... on a necklace   http://tinyurl.com/djbec4
@daydreamer20 Good post. 
One more hour for lunch .. its tough to kill time.. particularly when u are supposed to be working 
@thecrazyjogger ITC latest changes to the network made me crazy yesterday ! but now it seems to work ok 
"REALLY heavy rain, at the top of 18flr building  Splendid."
At work...only 2 more days to go and then i am off for 7 more days  yay!!!
being sexy and really happy 
Desk up to ï¿½1.24. I think it'll be a flyer! 
@BuzzEdition how have you been susan 
My My Book just arrived  It was sitting in a box 10 times its size. Just roll-y poll-ying around.
"I'm going so good without myspace, msn and stuff "
Goodnight 
"@karanbir Excuse me? 3 yrs ago you were all over Subway's nuts  Indian Restaurant, cuz all these years I still haven't been to one."
@stanleytang I agree it is much more productive without Twitter 
"No much traffic at the vacation time, but the few cars are driving more than crazy. Most germans are very agressive drivers.I miss Canada "
Went to Calgary with some of the lads (Gaspar had to sit in the boot  ) to watch the Flames versus LA Kings. Calgary won 4-1. Nice night.
"Once, I told him a story about ghosts being in my room.. For days, he talked about being very afraid. This kid knows how to heal himself. "
"I'll sleep well tonight.... If the missus doesn't kick me out for being so late home, that is "
anyone who reads my twitter is either very into education or bored le crazy! might throw in some naughty words to spruce my page up tehe 
"What an awesome day   Boy am I grateful &amp; blessed, and I know it."
"Progress on the Math Quilt is slow, but steady. Tomorrow I will teach children and finish sewing the Quilt. Then on to my beloved comics "
@teleken It's a feat of USB engineering! Makes every day a party.  
@mydesire I saw that earlier on Darker Sights/Sounds. I subscribe to that blog in my google reader.  Yummmminesssssss.
Back on the 7am train ... Rubbish! Only for 3 days though! 
@bustxamovex i love you 
@mrskutcher ur awesome 
fight fight fight 
currently obsessed with John Mayer's rendition of Free Fallin' http://tinyurl.com/cddc7g   
"@ninjen G'Night, youngster. Rest well. "
@adeline_sky  that sounds fantastic! You're amazing! We need to watch some Muse gigs too! Shall we do it Saturday night?
It's a sunny day today! This spells sweat hell if I go out for tennis. Overweight and out of shape and I'm about to run around an hour! 
@StarChile.....ahhh.....alright. Thanks. Congrat's on your team's win today 
@ariherzog Fun stuff!  Night Ari!  I'm sure blip will be there tomorrow! 
"@janeeTMB thank U so much, you're not late, technically there are 45 mins left in the day since I'm in Cali.  "
@shilshi older by a few days on twitter! let's see who puts a profile pic first 
Just got back after an rough roadtrip to Amsterdam on the motorcycle. Had an excellent time there 
@janicerose brody my friend 
"@cobaltcow that's so true! Thnx man, that means an awful lot to me "
God is a faithful God...i said promising and promising it was. Time for bed...so tomorrow may bring another beautiful day  goodnight luvs.
BeiiNg NaUgHtY 
"@mkl4  oops sorry dude, i'll go and get on that.  i'll be looking forward to your tweets "
@stylekid  the mint ones are the fall cookies.  The spring ones are the chocolate/vanilla.  I think I can still get some mint ones. 
@ilovespots Thank you  I hope the boys wear them this week!
"@mandyblake  I was just about to X out of here for the night and saw your post, I started laughing!  You are funny!!  "
@tickvg ooh sounds painful but have a good one 
@hellivina You just gotta find something that speaks to you - and dive in.   I help rescued animals - those fuzzy faces make it worthwhile
http://twitpic.com/2y3v4 - vote for Gilles Marini on Dancing with the Stars! 
"@Eeoor - My pleasure! Let me know if you end up subbing, and what "
"@imbanditspal to each her own, I say!  "
"ok so the twilight book is pretty addicting, chapter 6, now its time for some sleep.. Good Night Tweeps "
@katdogs Ya I'm first generation here in the states so my parents and grandparents mainly speak Greek.  Yiayia's are the best! 
@shakn if you make samosas regularly 
@jentheju don't cry 
just signed in 
"@suitelifeofkell yeah, well, we'll still talk about it, he just wont have any idea  plus i havent even talked ta him bout it yet"
@DontaStorey Boy stop Pssh!  What you been up to?
yay finally  lmao
Morning everyone! What a beautiful Day...Yay! 
"late night mcd's run and back for more homework. ahhh, the life "
ok... headed to bed. tomorrow I open shop for freddy and eddy 
Mucho research to do today if I want to crack on with 2nd sweet charity auction fic - and I really really do 
Went to the Dooce book signing.  Got my book signed.  Made an ass of myself.  But otherwise a good time. 
@citrusandcandy because of the movie or the person asking you out? 
I really hope im getting better. The nyquil is making me say good night. @marielxo hope you had a good time 
@rachhiiee_ im sorry im not a neetball deeeeb.   nah jennys mine  she talks to me on facebook.
@ruhanirabin and again this would help  http://technorati.com/tag/barcampkl
day 2 is almost over!  i can't wait to eat wade...hehe...
@voodooexp2009 i will give my first born to have ghostland observatory at voodoo again 
"i'm thinking i'm blessed that ive a cmputr &amp; a fireplace on ths cold evening. Feeling content, I shall scuttle on off 2 bd  Nite all"
there are times when we surprise ourselves by exceeding expectations! and when others notice that.. it surely feels good 
Back from camp!! YAY!! What did I miss? 
@DaKing240 jealous regaring Godfather II. I hope I will get it next week delivered by Amozon UK. I want this game 
@Brajeshwar Wow that's something unique. I wonder how they trace &quot;our&quot; roots 
@ad1951 _if you really had something like the exchange w/ @maikwl  in mind beforehand than I admit being utterly and positively surprised 
"@camillejaiden Dude.  Wow   Now I kind of sort of wished I'd gone, but still ehh.  $35 for 1 band."
"Work like you don't need money, Love like you've never been hurt, &amp; dance like no one's watching. Good Night Tweethearts! Till tomo... "
re-booting my room 
@dustyedwards Of course! Have a good one! 
Happy Birthday to my little girl Jasmine! She turns three years old today. Throwing her a mini b day party tomorrow with just us. 
"@DanniAsheOnline I think that would work nicely gurl! go for it! I believe many, many people would sign up! "
"@rootbeerfloats8 Nah, Gee will reply to me whenever he wishes. His birthday is coming up, so I have something that will make him smile. "
"@Natlbug22 aww I'm sorry. Yeah, my work life is becoming... Intense... The sunshine is fabulous  missin you..."
@Monkeymoo2  You probably neded it. thank God that you are O.K. have a Good Day across the pond 
"@John_Bishop Oh, TWITTER FOLLOWERS! WOOOOO!  "
@TechBabe I blame ADD... too many things happening for me to focus on catching you haha... ooh look something shiny 
"@CartBozman don't you worry matey, I'm still around, just trying to juggle podcasting, life, and my Internet life "
@DOEZILLA Welcome to my fam 
"@omg_pichu Oh my, who's fighting? *Randomly punches someone in the face* Am I winning? "
"@pagankinktress ah yes, I subscribe as well "
i went on fb and wasn't bothered to check all my notices. 
@xShorty4Lifex lol yes  it does and i like it that way 
going to pick up @30comau in a sec its our anniversary today 
be the change you wish to see in the world 
mireika I love love love dancing with the stars. It is so entertaining and fun. Nothing more sexy than a man who can dance 
@natalietran if you're talking Chapel Street then try Borscht Vodka &amp; Tears on corner of Chapel and High St or Globe at 218 Chapel St 
New Peter Alexander stuff always goes down well 
@ChristianaZhu just joined AIESEC 
T @BennyGreenberg Tools of the Road Warrior http://hub.tm/?KXJBQ Pretty Cool - Please Retweet 
"@kworkman now that wifey works in a wine shop, I must know what my friends are drinking. Make with the details plz "
I  just made the most amazing Banana Bread 
I'm gonna be up for a while soinma be posting lost of tweets  just for you martha LOL
Also getting alpaca and ima walk it 
@sydney_holidays Thanks for those 
@realchrissystar I'm sure if I saw you I'd think you're way little! 
"@ErinEven Brb, fedexing my application to you! "
@hitwithafish very nice pics! Such a cute family! 
@lanaveenker It's not as much as I appreciate the information. Thanks! 
...starting today 
"@DonnieWahlberg Seriously, you are Donfucious!  "
frosted wheats in milk for my midnight snack 
OK all... Off to sleep on my magnetic mattress.  http://bit.ly/hPNrI  G'night all!  Sweet Dreams.   
@MrsP_ifurnastee rowr! you bet!  and @cartermorrison is going to bed..but I'm sure she would want to be included as well  LMAO
@cameradeath  Well we're glad you're back.  Any pics from Curvy?
"@Jenn_Brown haha no, i'm going to play some COD 4 now "
GuiPulp is open 
@jcrillz so's the real Common these days... 
@elmardc ok thanks elmar! 
@zeet75 Hahaha. ) I'm taking HRIM.  So I think it's only basic math. 
"Uploading pics from Sunday night out - it was a good night, lots of fun, and I got to know my boyfriend's sister better "
@HeavyHand 
@nanalipzz89 lol okay than 
http://twitpic.com/2y3z2 - need a twit pic asst. Any applicants? 
"Twidroid installed, lets spam twitter with the g1 google mobile "
@ddlovato Bill Beckett And lovato are homies who knew! 
@sdownes1972 thx Stu will do! 
"@AnnekaF Haha, I'm not that silly I'd need another job first. Got more plans into motion for moving overseas now anyhow "
yay!!! hcc then sand key &amp; surfing. Big waves!! 
pierce surprised me w/ 2 koi fish today! he's the best!!!  did i mention he's remodeling the whole apt?i'm so grateful for him in my life!
nite twitterville  workout in the am  -ciao
Some amazing news for 5yac!! Im so stoked follow me to see what comes next  be ready
"watching hairspray, as normal :3 I updated my myspace btw, check it out  [check it lauren ;) lmao]"
i love my grandma 
I'm off to Salsa Dancing lessons!!!  I love it!!!  
got a great first verse and chorus goin' i love this song 
"@TrueGabe yep to the wine, and feijoa sorbet, muffins, chutney etc... we have a large tree  always open to suggestions tho "
"Skype for iPhone + VoIPover3G, now we can easily make voice calls over 3G or GRPS/EDGE. Cool stuff, thanks to Open Source community "
@sherlockjr but you can't be bitter if you stop watching! 
@TJ_Sopher damn right - the grill is always open down here 
@ravensymone hayy! big fan love your music and your show !! 
sitting here watching a lovely young man watch anime on youtube   Sweet  He's so interesting 
"@ParkRat It's my view, not yours -- yours is the same "
@dj_bubble ur welcome  ...yes I have 'Accounting' Exam today
@hannahpoulton good morning! you sound very chirpy 
@anasalido Hey you! I miss you a lot.. I want a catch up on your life sometime  and thanks lol
on my way home from a relaxing weekend  to bad it's back to reality :/
Had a great night..really enjoying life  
@bella456 Nah! You already gave me that good idea for the strawberry yogurt at Menchie's! 
@plasticfuzzies who you goin with timmy!! you know my birthday is on the 19th...so maybe go again then! 
@deon - &quot;source shine2&quot;? hahahaha... istilah yang aneh 
goodnight 
@davemcclure haha! yeah that does sound closer to it 
@point_moot You're welcome! scotch_mist was the best thing I ever saw on TV on New Year's Eve. 
"@ummahfilms bro update your twitter link at youtube, its twitter.com not tweeter.com "
"@ellie1971 yes, thatï¿½s a good idea!  how late is it at your side of the world?"
@jazz_nash ahaha im sure it is. lol 
"Well Twitter, it has been an exciting date for me..  Victorious. I am going to sleep and see you all tomorrow."
"@smange Oh France instead? That'd be fine by me, too!  Oh I see... Agen. Nice spot?"
"@danthedaddy I love that you &quot;tweeted&quot; Love You, Forever. "
@DanniAsheOnline I wholeheartedly agree with you on that one! 
@darylsws  Morning  What's up?
Life is not fair.. but still good. 
"Hi, I'm here. I've been on the phone all day long, catching up with calls, making plans, executing strategy. It's been a very good day. "
@zoecello Love the &quot;cello cave!&quot; I saw you at Convergence 13 and am glad to find you have a Twitter. Keep on being awesome. 
@Vanilla_B ok miss kat williams lol ive done it 
@MrPeterAndre 7 pounds is an awesome film 
"@sarakgee  im not sur ehon, im coming with 2 more people, we have like 10 days. How bout ya'll come ot LA? "
"that damn house wants 3,000 more than we offered...ugh...may not be too out of reach though "
On leave today.. taking care of the baby. He is going to be 8 months old 
@yod9 Thanks tons man! Seems to b working  Now I must try it on my internet PC in the studio. Need to get u 2 work on my recording pc! ha!
Fitnessdk with Rebecca! Nu kï¿½ï¿½ï¿½ï¿½r vi!! 
@marjorayy so then you should blogspot about it  haha
im glad you had a good time  i wntd to do something nice for u and we did! what r u up to?
Good morning twitters! Tuesday... but like Thursday 
@SuperTim hehehe thanks!  I saw it in the store and just couldn't leave without it. I love hats. 
@Hedder37 lol. Okay  sounds like a plan.
@carlos0312 yeah. At first I thought it was strange too. But I'm not complaining  I'm used to it now. I'll look it up.
@djmafia20 wha'ever. i'll plug it into my phone. and see you on the 25th!! 
Sitting in Sydney text-skyping my Dad who is in LHR dep lounge on brink of latest holiday adventure. Love the connection. 
Off to bed! Night people. 
"200+ denyhosts emails in the mailbox this morning, perhaps I should put up a message saying the root user has ! in /etc/shadow ? "
this week starts - on tuesday... 
@JGar4 and @umadamgotlost I'm happy with it! It just wasn't easy in the least! 
jumped off the wharf today. in the coldest wind and rain...really cool 
Is on butcher's hill for the evening. Going back to the west side in the early morn! Hope some followers find me in the meantime! 
Good night and good day twitters! 
"He feels what I have felt right now, can't sleep and need attention from somebody "
Working papers - what the original order called Flying Rolls &amp; we call &quot;Aerodynamic Biscuits&quot;  - also available. http://bit.ly/BsS7b #wbc2
"In a horrible self fulfilling slump. Experts say they dont exist...wanna bet? Nevermind, I'd lose that too. Taking hiatus for a few days "
http://twitpic.com/2y3zs - Kelly Clarkson!! 
@QueenZita --Oh make it no be true! Sorry Beanie. Hope you feel better. 
Think &quot;Silence of the lambs&quot; - and laugh your ass of   http://twurl.nl/854wcg
Francis is feeling emilie autumnal and appears to have got to stevenage at some sort of supraluminal velocity! 
@angiem93 well I will just keep on posting pics of my boy for everyone to see    http://twitpic.com/2y436
"@BostinBloke im very good thanks, just getting ready for work "
http://tr.im/imwb &lt;- ?i mï¿½y bay nï¿½n ng?i ch? nï¿½o ?? lï¿½c r?i thï¿½ c? h?i s?ng lï¿½ cao nh?t? 
@Hayvock good luck man i hope you get the jop 
@lchin jogging while talking about ruby... the new frontier of fitness for the ruby hacker?  seems cool anyway
Attempting to leave &amp; cross the Int'l dateline the day before my birthday so I skip it completely this year. I stay at this age again!! 
I'm glad jelly beans are in season because I have been craving them 
thank you sexxy flower take your time.. happy sleeps and wet dreams.. luv ya babe!!!! 
Excited to watch Gossip Girl later! 
@Cath_B  No didn't know he was here. Will do now  Is he real though? Lots of fakes about
I almost want one. http://bit.ly/T8KBb    maybe 
@amandadiva Facebook is such a trip! That's funny. Did you accept her friend request? 
"Wow @sockington, I was unaware how popular u were/are 292,018 followers! "
All the weight lost through healthy eating (slimming world) 
"Hoping I can get some good sleep tonight... Poor baby, I still feel bad. A nice warm lavender bath made her feel good though  she's tough!"
"Beyonce was much better than Britney. She can sing, for starters! "
"@ddlovato and that kinda defeats the point of writing them. and if you like em you can follow me, i try to post at least one a day. "
Layin it down...wish my HB were here or vice versa. Only 3 days to go baby!!!   Hope u feel better in the A.M. Night fellow tweeters!
@leoncitobonito oh! that's cool. the mug came out well. good job. 
"@najicaloves yeah, as long as there's still tickets! it's free "
"going to bed soon.  finally! i was talkin with one of my best friends, myla.  i haven't had good girl-talk in a LONG time!  fun-fun."
@fartingpen agreed 
"loves having a lot of work that needs doing, this should keep me occupied for the next 2 days.  http://plurk.com/p/mzyb1"
@hellobebe I also send some updates in plurk but i upload photos on twitter!  you didnt see any of my updates on plurk? Zero? 
@ggen lol soooo new update? on my way to read it!~ 
"@bloodandmilk Neat!  Red Cross &amp; Red Crescent-Red Lion with Sun (that one was withdrawn--Unity, I stand with them. "
@ryanjschmidt  happy to 'give the GEARS' to one @ryanjschmidt  
"@maxandcats hahaha, I'm sure most of it was planned like a whole dance company but there were some who did join in that looked unplanned. "
Gooooooood morning to ya all! 
@Rachel_New A teeny bit? You dating a leprechaun? 
may have just pulled off the greatest save in the history of tetris. Three cheers for insomnia 
@mrskutcher Hello  How's the family goin?  hope good ;)
is ridiculously hot in his apartment..but can't wait for this weekend 
@michaelgrainger *huggs* back...but I think you are the most hugged man on twitter! 
Almost Wednesday...NIte all. 
"Well, tomorow should be fun. I don't know why! But I'm tired. Goodnight kids "
":busy busy night -- folding laundry, packing, writing a paper...be back in Portland in 48 hours "
@UnitZeroOne Happy birthday ! let the sun shine through your life   and you know Singapore is very sunny place ;
Good morning my little lovely fairy  My lovely fairy who is flying above goddess of love! Hey goddess watch out!
@JoyAndLife am doing well... just been hectic and busy with work and family 
"wants someone to listen to love songs, and think of me "
@inlookout Did you try looking in your junk mail? Pls DM me your email so I can check it out for you 
@prgh Well she's going into hospital this morning. (jumps up and down with excitement) 
@Stacey9705 ahh hi stacey! 
@lizpdx Lol..no prob! We cant rant about it tomorrow. 
@markvanbaale the one that has my heart 
What a beautiful morning ! Shame im not home sleeping through it 
@hansonmusic I can't wait for the new record 
i was so happy today was nice out!!  im so happy spring has shown up..for now anyways 
is trying to get done with her research and go away for the weekend... 
@squishymatter good night and wonderful dreams and thanks for checking up on me 
Talking to alicia about twitter 
@aussiecynic is it? why? well then indonesian school could be a great place for me at this point 
@JayJayLive haha...funny funny. my job..hmm..has its ups and downs..but overall I do enjoy it  I am an events &amp; campaigns co-ordinator 
CONGRATULATIONS TAKAMASU ISHIHARA AKA MIYAVI! 
@whiteguysdancin E. Only when my pain subsides enough for me to hurt myself and do it 
First day of three month secondment to a client today. Bonus points: their offices are about 10 minutes walk from my house 
going to bed little early today.... whole half hour early... lol 
"@asurana you're welcome, I haven't used aptana in &gt;6 months, let me know if you like it. "
I like making friends with people who are building very cools things. One such person is @nathanchase who built http://flickchart.com 
@donniewahlberg thinkn of how proud i am 2 share this ride with u &quot;thank u&quot;just doesnt say enough ill b 4ever grateful. 
@rachelramsay most quality hosts that offer reseller accounts can do that for you 
"@DylzWexford: motorbikes are so much more fun than electric bikes.  we rode around the city on one yesterday, new summer activity i think."
in Aries with peter and luke 
"http://tinyurl.com/dcupoy if this commercial doesn't make you horny, i don't know what can! "
Up early for a change! (beats getting up in the afternoon) 
@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/2xzoe - Cool  Well done Frankie.
"@daNanner Night, darlin'!  Sweet dreams to you "
Did Halls of Stone yesterday ith a PuG with my lvl80 Blood DK. Was fun and eveything whent fine.  was great time!
"Getting a nice break, excited about classes and this INCREDIBLE weather, but especially about this weekend  home! &lt;3"
@sdotkdotc Maybe..just so I don't Chris Brown her ass.  j/k..or am I..?
"@bloodandmilk Neat!  Red Cross &amp; Red Crescent-Red Lion with Sun (that one was withdrawn)--Unity, I stand with them. "
@erinmaher Ummm... I think me and @ashumittal have used it so far.  Dunno.  I just made it up 15 mins ago.  Thought it'd be fun.  
@jaredleto not that I donï¿½t love working but....I deserve some vacation 
"is very excited, SkyHD is coming today "
Good morning everybody! 
@galaxyzoo Thanks!!!! 
@foodphilosophy I know what you mean. You can look at bounce backs then send email to yahoo &amp; so on... They will clear your URL. 
"@polaroidskyline they're right, you really should be famous. haha. "
got a great background from @professorhazard now!  
"Night all, back for more tomorrow "
"5 games in a row this week. 1 down, 4 to go.  Can't wait!"
Waiting for Chris to make my dream come true &amp; give away DAY 26 tickets 
going to san jose tomorrow to see one of my old cold stoners before the sharks game. it's gonna be a good day 
Most awesome.. Built a fileserver/NAS/firefly server serving up my music to iTunes. 
@beanXcore i do have one 
@MajorGutterball and goodnight also! 
I'm loving my iPod touch 
"oh, it is early. well, im about to take a bubble bath, with lots of bubbles. "
Looking forward to having dinner cooked for me again tonight! What a wonderful man I have.   Could use a nap before dinner though!
@MrChInBsC changed the channel... 
@littleunred runy baby run 
@Scyranth 
Trying so hard but Can't sleeeep...chattin with my girl britney.     surround urself with real positive people.
@MJDancer38 really.like i would buy that sweater from him. i couldnt tell if it was silk or a really nice polyester blend..lovesit chrisB 
now the jOSui GD Env will have Search 
Welcoming two soooper dudes @Sayanosauras and @vinu_ms to twitter 
After a weekend that'll never forget...its back to grindin 
...and relax! I'm on the train!!  you don't get drama like that on the BBC! 
just finished painting the tree for my mural.  I can't wait until its done.
@MrSocial sounds gooddd 
@markjarvis oh goody. i just have to find a copy! 
@EmVicW really? i interpret it as 'yes i can do that &amp; not bother u further' (hav said to bosses in the past) 
"Ugh @TreyDerbes now I have that song in my head! @spoonbender, trey offered us &quot;all access&quot; to his next dance party, sounds kinda sleazy? "
so sleeepyy.. finally the load of laundry i had to get done is DONE  good night everyone
@jhayu Here's one more. I have Maggi Noodles 
@OfficialPRofOZ you deserve it  you work very hard for Oz!!
@macosken  Am I going to have to tell you to go home and get your shine box 
@pinkcat Bonjour le chat 
"@hansonmusic http://twitpic.com/2y0cg - Nice dishes Taylor and the table is set so nice, very formal. Looks like you had a great meal "
Up bright and breezy this morning and looking forward to a life sorting run at lunchtime 
Finally! I just created my WordPress Blog. There's already a blog up on the Seattle Coffee Community  ... http://tinyurl.com/c5uufd
@janicerose i know u are  best one too
Finally getting to see the hills. 
"@greggrunberg Acting! You did it wonderfully! Great ep!  &quot;Monster&quot; will be a fate worse than death for Danko, hopefully."
Fast &amp; the Furious! It's awesome... Vin diesel? F-ing hot! Same goes for Paul...yum 
"would love to stress that her last status was directed towards her wonderful parents, not her amazing Twitter contacts! "
@KennethReitz yes its really awsome! 
is it wrong to always have oatmeal in your bag? 
@Strawburry17 you. can. do it!!! 
turkish style = ek sure  re: http://ff.im/1XWae
"Ta all for bombarding me with links to the HO story, 'tis old news &amp; I was in Chessington w kids  Onwards"
it is.....the new charlie the unicorn   http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/490280
@aniita_0517 Ani!! You finally discovered twitterworld!! hehe welcome!!!!   Oh this is so good! 
@zzap I'm hiding  And there's not much point anywaysss
@maikeru76 your np mean no problem??  In the Marriott world I worked iin..should never be a problem-always a pleasure! hahah! mp 
@pinkcat Morning 
@justG Great to hear G! Very glad your Uncle's doing alright 
Oh my. My new logo has been featured at http://www.logofi.com 
Going to bed after a very blessed day today night twits! 
jake shows me gh metallica  http://pikchur.com/t4c
Going training with a bug in my system. Thank god Shihan is coming up 
@inprogress Let me know if you need any help. 
stuffed with cupcakes and marshmallows from baked butter goods 
@GoldenFish00 I've got the DVD! (well it's not mine!) 
"Yesss, Chris's parents are going out of town on Friday till May. You know what that means... Rachel is moving temporarily "
@karanbir I'm going to Subway because I'm fressh  Happy Spring Break.
@artistwells Ty Very much 
@mollydotcom Haha Molly you're really funny.  I enjoy reading your tweets.
@Lukaskywalker I watched oth s5 again 
"@sendchocolate Jsut visited you blog, can't see any noticeable changes yet, and it's time to get 'stuff' done, I'll check it later "
"'Seek the truth, and the truth will set you free...' damn powerful..  harder than it seems. but definitely worth it. "
Perl's CPAN installer has lots of quirky humour which is fun but I just want to get the job done. I prefer quiet tools; funny docs are OK 
@VampireBill Have a safe trip then. 
"@JustDes Thank you  Hope it's not going the suck way today! (LOL!! Yes, I am aware that sounds soooo wrong!!)"
"@kidsgoape everyday  Tho now we share the reading, he read one page I read another (7yrs)"
@ColorBakery Thankyou 
@NormGregory Oh and I'm a HUGE Big Love fan! Trying to wrap Season 2 up. That show is so creepily accurate - take it from a Utah girl. 
@kellyleahy Not this many files 
&amp; i played that shit out till the battery died ahaha!...good nite everyone 
says suggest ng names ng dogs oh. mey 4 kming puppies. 2 lalaki 2 babae  http://plurk.com/p/mzz7b
@timjennion morning mr  hows things?
@MistyDavies Glad I could help.  Now we just need barcode scanners.
"@tsarnick I know, i apologized to her "
in bed with an headache. my first time on twitter. let's see if I manage to upload a photo? 
great weekend with the bffs. freelancing. clean room. doc project coming along (=graduation). national championship. life is good  twoosh!
"this night's to do list: clean, make wishlist, and sing to my musics. "
@jprice swing thru htwn &amp; get me 1st 
Lunch with black girl aiden Lukas. Check out taylorians.com 
Is there Twitter for francophones?  Maybe I would tweet more en franï¿½ais 
"@julesbianchi OMG, you participated in the Fusion Tour, looks so cool "
It's world health day! Help make hospitals safe. Go to http://www.clickabrick.org/ (via @addthis) and CLICK A BRICK 
"@efng   &quot;Now, if we only had a wheelbarrow...&quot;  "
@xShorty4Lifex thanx  
"@Fang04 i dont know how to tell u this, but ive found soemone else...jk "
Watching Serendipity on the phone then sleeep! Night. 
working out at the hotel gym.  112 calories burned.
"This is the coolest testament to Jonanthan - sitting here, deciding how we're going to change the world.   Big stuff not required.  "
"@pfspleen Not sure I have the party feet for Ibiza lol! Minorca might be nice though, I shall have a mooch  Ta."
@vinu_ms ?????? ???? ???? ?? ???????????? ... pls excuse spelling mistakes 
@mileycyrus: Me And My Besterzz Agree That Should Be Counted As A Little Nap  Sleep Tight Love Us  xoxo
"My cuckold actually had the nerve to pass out on me, so I'll be taking calls on Niteflirt in a few.  Probably till 4am-ish  "
"@romanxcandle but it's all in good fun me &amp; @jillalbano love you, clearly "
Is going to Origin I &amp; III oh yeah  thankyou Mr Rudd. Flights accom tickets. Can't wait!!
@DJ_VIC yeah I did I've learnt Feel Good Inc. When you were young. Rock you like a hurricane. And now I'm learning Killing The Name of 
"@casual_intruder or how about a I Love Your Blog sign from Harold, that would be cool! "
"@iphoneDEVgirl Just curious, why did you suddenly jump on Twitter and then become so active so fast? Greetings from Berlin! "
@rodnet  I think #PHP would be much better if they got rid of half of the functions in the language 
no more fever! celebrating by getting into twitter! yey! 
...cause they're really high and fluffy on the inside  http://twitpic.com/2y487
in France tmrw 
"@klaris sa bagay, you eat pancakes with bacon naman. haha interesting.. i shall try it. "
"So glad to be back, and so glad to have a short week.  "
Listening to @chriscornell &quot;scream&quot;! Love it. You really need to get it. Go get up and go now! yes you 
I feel all weird and grown up-ish after getting my ... Engagament ring.  It's beautiful. And shiny. Must state at the shiny ...
"About to dash again! This is what happens when you sleep all day, you HAVE to party all night. "
@midnight_plue thanks Plue 
@mozy19 you and me both   go #canucks go!
@DrBaher I love that list to tick people off. Actually quite a number I already enjoy from time to time or at least they crossed my mind 
Look at what just arrived at the R.AGE office?  - NC http://twitpic.com/2y4c4
"@mileycyrus napping, i guess "
@RoundSparrow Awesome - hope it was great! I am about 2 hours away from seeing it at the Sydney (now second world viewing) premiere 
@RightGirl Give it a try. Twitter will still be here if you can't. 
"@ryanmwilson hmmm,i'll try to help you come up with something "
@urbanpinkpixie haha true. Drama is good every once in a while 
"Het Tony, isn't you given forename &quot;Anthony&quot;? So that would make you no so cool.....right? TW "
@veronica78 good luck on ur law test!  go study now!
"supposedly i should be a motel owner, to get an insurance for the same as per some call-center execs.... man i feel rich "
@leogaggl 3 would be nice  Outside of TAFE SA for the moment
@MrTweet_Alert Would you please email me? I can't seem to get Mr. Tweet to work... Still. What's up with that? Thanks. 
@PeterDeeTM how about twittin a LIIIITTLE dean keally hint? 
@Chifor cu placere 
@dmcar I still wear the bottoms of my trousers rolled 
www.twitter.com/Go0seEgg .. add our baby!!! 
@Blondilucious LOL exactly!  Too funny you just took me back 
"@kelisha Ahh yes, I keep forgetting that my good taste in music is considered a disability amongst engineers.  "
Testing out my DSi on this site. It rocks 
@Najoo heyyyy miss you too honey  (F)
"playin some good ol' source, stayin up late, and enjoying spring break "
Believe it or not...I'm on vacation (well deserved) from 9th to 24th of April...God save my boss 
@pinguino Does this party have a date? 
@marge_and_puds YAY!!! im your first follower!! 
@hughesforce Love that quote from Plato and am adding it to my notebook of quotes. (i collect quotes.  ) THANK-YOU! 
@dhewlett Ignore a mySQL problem until tomorrow? You're definitely still a system admin at heart 
Sleepy time with @johnheimkes 
@rowanpony And I thought I was cold this morning in 16 deg C weather? Brrr!  
reading fanfiction. possibly going to get myself a piece of toast. 
I swear to you the only reason I'm excited for my birthday is because of Erik. I'm so lucky to have him. SO freaking lucky 
@Lyanna I couldn't agree more 
@Roses_Are_Red yay thx 
"Lovely evening, long but productive night - I heart the Reality TV Awards  now sleep?"
@samandfuzzy I've noticed that. Made me sad because you were tweeting from NEWW. 
Or maybe i can -_- Idk i still think twitter is weird but i like the name 
rawr!  boredd out of my brain 
@surial 
"thanks for all the input @ncvbxfgf, @jogabenita,@valtan29, @joeaugustin, @lyrradnahc! keep them arguments coming! "
@OfficialPRofOZ just a gentle reminder my dear 
My left eye is causing most of the problem. Considering a makeshift eye patch 
@mattgalloway heh heh 
Hittin' Blackpool Pleasure Beach With Besterzz + Other Besterz + His Mate; Who Aparently has a 10 Pack!! Whaaaat! Serious!? Haha Yeahhh 
woop re-birth TODAY! woop woop then doctors. then SLEEP!!!!!!!! todaya will be goood 
@wolfman70 Well right now getting ready for work 
@chrisjkamrada http://twitpic.com/2xw19 - i would if i was your gf 
"@spotonpr Attending a PSFK conference is approx. $400, attending a Submit conference is $800. Reasonable? "
"@BlokesLib  hehehe NO, but I can relate to sloppy on these meds "
@zukyleigh. That...was beautiful. Please madam..give us some more! 
@JMAC777 i like how you real mature bout it. nd they not ya average abc rhymes 
"@LuvDaMall yes, bleeding eyes definitely means time for bed LOL night night to you "
@ArfanChaudhry  Candles are not ment for a specific gender. Im telling u. U gotta be open to things of life. Don't matter what it is. 
@RoyalGuardofOz Thanks hun  *hugs*
Morning all. Tuesday....  another two days till long weekend 
@emflip we need tweetbook. everyone is on facebook and no one will read my twitters! 
@Mike_Greening .Man - you need to get back on the horse. 
"ah...another day done...time for bed, gotta do it all over again tomorrow!  Night night ya'll!"
"@Malunis Ohh! Classics Armada. I'd want the Seekers in that series, or the minicons. "
"@TerryFree Yes unfortunately, but did have a day off yesterday and got another on Friday so its a 3 day week "
"@ElementsOfJazz Good question, had a bit of a rough day and physically not well but I'm hanging in there and still smiling "
@steeltrain that's awesome you guys!!!  support 
@knitster totally need to be! Everything breaks or aches too much. Need a new body! 
@loveistoartas I love that movie. 
Is writing a new song  so sleepy tho! LOL
Ok now I am REALLY going 2 bed  Night Tweeps
Check out my Blog! LIVE VIDEOS!!!!!!!: The day has come  We got the live videos back from Da.. http://tinyurl.com/chkdxb
@hellivina I second that. 
"Hey check out my new blog, http://www.examiner.com/x-6143-Chicago-Enneagram-Examiner Learn about the Enneagram to land that great boss! "
"@baker_girl Hmmm, sounds like a real dilemma in the baker household "
@laurange You better believe it  Don't panic! There's still time!
"Another fun time that was worth staying up late on a work night for. Besides, Sushi and Disney's Gargoyles = all kinds of win. "
@Jen_Huckdoll I'm headed to bed soon. Maybe.  I miss my west coast time zone days.
@ellie1971 *LOL* ... I think this is impossible. Unfortunately!  I wish you having a nice and deep sleep with many beautiful dreams! CU
Time for breakfast and then off to work. Going to visit a musical tonight. Looking forward to that 
has a new bike   Happy days!
"So just started, just seeing what it's all about. "
"   man, oh man     (i should punch myself in the head, but im ok with that)"
watching star world 
@heidimontag it was really good... 
@KinokuniyaAust YAYYY! I shall have to buy when I come for the City of Glass bookclub thing 
 &quot;I'm a freelance writer for Braille porn and a stunt double for a hand model for Palmolive dishwashing liquid.&quot; [from @ShinyHappyHead]
"@jaredleto At the time, I was enjoying a beautiful warm evening in Studio City. "
Dear magic cleaning fairies--please come to my house tonight so I will wake up to a pretty home 
&quot;Women produce a bonding hormone at the point of climax that causes them to want to cuddle&quot; http://tr.im/imqg - FUN read! tnx @imarriage! 
"today was a good day, I love good daysss  wonder what tomorrow is gunna bring!"
"is eating frozen grapes, in an effort to fill in his desire of sorbet and BTW they taste amazing. @pogosaito got another bushel o bananas "
@M2ThaK Lmao ...5$ footlong ...yOu're retarded 
"@MistressDragon Ah it's ok, I couldn't think of a nicer way to be corrupted  #blib"
"@Hibernia1 *hugs*  No need to be sorry, if it helps to talk and get it out, go right ahead, I don't think that is whining at all "
@veronica78 I saw that before it got changed. HOT. 
@contactnaveen i cant begin to tell you how much i hate IE 
all done   time for bed.  buenas noches!!
I wanna get stonded and watch this movie again 
"@Hetty4Christ yeah, no problem  yw means to me your welcome ;-)"
"we're growing grass this easter, what have you done?  go green, remember this is our one and only home "
"@jreneebuchholz I will have to try that sometime. I like Greek food..uh, well, I like most food. hehe "
Having a pleasant convo with my momma boutr hurting people  lol
"@danseto Roger that, sir! "
woo cubs are 1-0!  
sleepy time  see u in the A.M.
I am at work.....going shopping soon 
"@h4nn4hhh yes i am, i don't use just becuase &quot;Cyrus&quot; is a popular surname "
two new hurley shirts today  jealous?
@justis likewise 
@nicnina www.tolicesdoorkut.com e ria um pouco 
"@bumbers Even though this will be my 3rd SlingPlayer Mobile, but I am as excited as ever "
"hmm, I should be sleeping but I'm making some awesome CD mixes "
and watching Leon.... 
"@maxxiecat you joined twitter to make me happy  besides, my loving family is your family too and we communicate this way, LOL"
@saad_83 thanks u too 
@blackehart Gratz on the film! Very awesome!  Favorite Nazi? Oskar Schindler. 
@EivindJ I wish my dentist told me that. 
Good sense won. Squeaky clean and off to dream. Goodnight 
"@shemah hey Shem, I just watched the trailer of the Transformers 2 over at JPP, with Lucas and he was mesmerized! "
herbal essence  smells so good
@FRESHselects haha..okay! 
@MelanieMerkosky  heres a link to a blog post i made about how to sign up for you and angel http://babyboxes.livejournal.com/123900.html
@googeegoo that works  What would you like to do?
@edlectronic i love me some ladytron 
"@skinnylatte Hiya Chutney Mary, that is a fine avatar "
"@nicolerichie Yes i remember, it was an awesome band. Will you be reply "
Good morning beautiful people  - coffee &amp; sun ... 
Still tryna figure out Twitter. I thought I had it but hold on for me guys 
Finally going to bed.. 
who wants to go see Matthew Broderick on Broadway with me?! seriously!!! 
can't wait for the Hannah Montana Movie. 
@vivalanina check out our site for long distance relationship support!   http://www.lovingfromadistance.com/thingsforldrcouplestodo.html
@koriannespeaks  your blog is like an addiction for me.
Good Morning Twitters!  Do You have a Trouble Tree? This man does  http://bit.ly/Jsxm
good night swetdreamss to everyonee   and jared never chat in kyte puff 
changing from bhs a1 hl to a1 sl 
Deciding if I should call it a night and wake up early to get into the studio. Or if I should just go all night. I like going all night 
http://www.last.fm/music/Noise+Boy All Noise Boy music is free until the 24th of May. It will be no worse than worth what you pay 
is learning to Tango with D 
kisha they cnt get over u til they get out frm under u just remember ur on top 
@decryption Two words for you: 'Physical Challenge!' 
http://twitpic.com/2y4g4 - On the red carpet. Oh yeah. 
@RRankinWalker i would LOVE to be in California! 
@cashless lol @ go away...booo doesnt mean it wasnt a date cuz it was her  *jokes*
@almostsurprised yes sure did 
@CaTaxRevolt The nice thing about being clean and sober is that no one can accuse you of thinking like an alcoholic or a drug addict. 
"Horray!! I've been accepted into the Bazaar Bizarre Maker Faire 2009!! With 50% of accepted vendors being NEW to BazBiz, I am honored. "
@twliciousness  @Moltz Today Hank learned the painful lesson all boys have to learn about t.. http://tinyurl.com/c6nmgq
"Better then what I thought, I can sleep now "
@PhillyD hope he's doing better. best reguards and get well wishes. 
@phatelara morning debbs webbs!!  Hope you had a nice sleep! 
sleepover with Corey and Korey. 
"Yay, Dr says my foot is fine!!!!! "
"@middleclassgirl makes it all feel worthwhile doesn't it?  though today, i stretched myself and handwrote headings on butcher's paper!! "
Re-installing KOTOR 1. Intending to finish it this time. 
"About to jump in the shower. Washing away all the bad thoughts, and stepping out of the shower with positive thoughts. "
"@nicolerichie Yes i remember that band, It was Awesome, Will you please reply "
"@thebigfelafel Oh, just saw this reply, I guess ignore number 2 in my DM "
"I have soo much to share about Rossi, but I don't want to torture you all tweetin about an 11m old baby. "
@cornbreadturner enjoy the milk  #gotmilk
I saw Natasha today and it made me so happy. 
is at Moffitt Library with Ate Golda and Kuya Rosauro  iChat with Ate Golda = So much for studying -_-
lmao i forgot to twitter when i was done with my DBQ ! haha i was too excited at the moment 
"@realchrissystar Yes, we certainly will! "
@LauralKGW It wouldn't be Easter in the Portland area if there wasn't rain.  I have 18 years of experience in it. 
@derangedangel cheer up its our birthday soon 
"@lordshaper baited breath, huh?    I hope we can't maintain those expectations!  Shooting for an update this weekend.  keep u posted!"
Getting ready for work and feel fresher than yesterday 
@BuzzEdition  nite you 
@DirtySoufYankee I'll more than likely be up because I have no desire to sleep right now and I just made a fresh batch of koolaid  yummy.
@munche yay for following me!  I'll try me best to entertain the shit out of you via twitter 
"@ThomasGudgeon really! awesome  just downloaded a mp3 track, trying that...."
"@Kal_Penn Congratulation! But I will miss Kutner so much, I'm still in shock  and sad. And thank you for what you did on House! "
poker is addictive  VERY!
oh BTW - bought Mediatemple (mt) thanks to all for referrals.. 
@phatelara hi Debbs! 
@djgreatscott ill git on dov to hookitUPPPP!!!!!!! thanks so much 4 sayin hey! 
@EvanKirkendall question! if you could get anything from australia as a present .. what would that be? 
"@FoxWhisperer that's cute! If you find an LS4, that would be excellent "
@masterballerina  Yep.  i like it here... better than i thought i would... Probably because of @ECull1901
@creativejenius long story man!! ill tell u one day when we have more time to talk  :[
"@Rachel_New  Well, I hope you have a good time, even if it is just coffee. "
@teknetia thanks!! 
I love LUSH products......they're products smell and feel so good 
A jar of jif and a spoon is all I need 
@TomFelton hmm didn't find much on Challens or I just didn't look enough. My musical idol Is Elton John. Listening to him now!!!!! 
today felt like another fricken day out in the battlefield. but i definitely won the war this day. luv ya my frenz 
"@GeneTheFotog  ya i'll be in hk for 3 months  but 21 is not big there. o well,so now u finally have 1 more frd u can hit the club w/ lol."
@jfreem94 got a grade of 96.8/100 on @grader.  Check it out:  http://twitter.grader.com/jfreem94. Twitter fun! 
Woohoo auto hide of the dock for the win! Now I can play WoW and twitter without opening something else by accident! 
@elizabethkle I like that quotation! So true. Miss you housie! Hope you're doing well 
Cherry blossoms are sooo beautiful.  I love spring.
It's so sunny and happy today 
@micresendo3000 I suck at math but I understand sex really well -- this is the sort of mental image that is useful 
"@ElaineGiles LOL 3 is enough, mind its never off as it is on my second monitor "
"Over here in Germany we have no Crisis, WE ARE CRISIS   "
Well heading to bed early since I'm heading to the mall in the AM. Good night tweeps! 
@iamdiddy good job! yeah i feel you. working out can be annoying sometimes but its definitely worth it in the end 
@TheNewsChick u are a true fan (and optimist). i'll take a winning season   #Mariners
"I'm still at work pricing some items, finishing flyers and finalizing plans for the pajama jammie jam next Friday @ tha undaground. "
@xjizzlebabix Can you HEAR me now?  http://snipr.com/fe6zu
"Hi @DaveJMatthews ! Greeting from Poland, love your music "
@ingridmusic I can't wait! I'll def. come out to see you when you come to Portland 
"By the way, I almost forgot! There's an article about twitter in a maltese magazine "
@xxdrew0590 did you get my voicemail?  haha. i was bored.
ICE 72331 to Berlin - quite relaxed atmosphere on board. We're all waiting for the free inclusive service on this train 
Updating my grandmother's computer. Always fun stuff. 
Sitting at his mom's work.  Craving tea.
I personally feel that the school needs to be a little more helpful to innocent kids like us. 
@nicolerichie  I remember Anne of Green Gables - My sister and I used to watch it when we were younger! 
@lanaclevermomme: Thanks hon. I've already received a few nasty grams. But that's okay. I knew it would happen. 
@ientje89 aw i'm fine too thanks! yeah i miss you so much on the MFC  but hope we can talk later on today  kisses :huglove:
Wondering why Twitter had the arse with me last night. Bizarro!  xx
Good morning everyone!  It's a sunny day here!
@Aaronshale cheers bruv! We've been delayed so spending a day in Houston. 2nd pint of the morning! 
HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD @MattWayneCeleb please and thank you 
@MommyBrain Safe travels and congrats on the new move 
"@idjd i LOVE the hills, it's very addicting. once you get into it, you're hooked. i suggest you start watching it "
@maxandcats there was an avvie of me but this is bunny week! my pic returns on Monday 
@colinsteers http://twitpic.com/2vzw6 - Look who's half naked... again 
Latest blog post (repeat transmission for my American &amp; Canadian friends). Hope you dig! http://bit.ly/13vpz 
@photojack I like audio podcasts. I listen while driving and walking (exercise). And lets face it - some people don't belong on video. 
"Really enjoying my DSi. Will update pics, profile, etc. tomorrow. Off to bed "
Sleeeepin. Gotta rest up to finish painting 
@brandonjshaw alex has a problem staying awake for any movie... 
is twittering at uni 
@gary_hitchman thanks. 
"@Pesamob i was in Kenya when i was 11 years old, one of the best holidays of my life! it was amazing! my hubby is South African "
"Hi @DaveJMatthews ! Greetings from Poland, love your music "
"Getting ready for BED. A Super long day ahead. Tax, Finance, Micro, FINALS! Ugh, how am I gonna survive! but hey, 4 months with my baby ? "
waiting for the pizza to bakee 
@hihik DVD is fine. Stay tuned on the channel: more updates are coming soon 
@brandiei thanks! Finally something that I can smile about 
@matswife Yes you do have followers...12 of them! That's gotten at least one person into serious trouble 
@MrYoungHarlem  getting splashy I see 
"@JPierce Yeah, Red Dwarf alone can keep one busy for days. "
@RayWJohnson ha ha ha! I bet you do! 
"OK..only 2 more hours left...and nobody died or got shot tonight! phewww!!! good night's work, will rest easy on days off  yayyy"
@valorandvellum sadly after 10 years of marraige peeing with the door open is common place 
"tea and the tonight show  .. say hello to john melendez, kevin eubanks, and the tonight show band!"
@GoldenShoes hi  just found out I have pcos. Tired of doctors in the las vegas area.
Yeah for sure... It's happening at the Bells Billabong Store this Saturday from around 4-6.... maybe later if the contest runs 
"OH, and thanks again to @cwelchtn and @chipdaves for walking to my car and listening to the Beatles with me  Love you guys."
"A three day week! Oh, if every working week was three days! "
On train to Star #Trek movie premiere with my golden entry ticket to &quot;A Reserve Circle&quot; 
@jjchicken You've done better than me. I gave up on the readings and watching the news in week four. 
@Schofe morning Philip  what a pain!!   ahem!!
"I just joined my first ever Battle over at BOTB, vote for me okay guys? "
@jakechew ang ganda nga ng mr. intentional 
@colourfulmoney nothin layin in bed watchin tv  what u doin
Good Morning TwitEarth! 
@EdwardLawrence different time zones or way too much coffee. 
"@musicthelev owww, mau donk diajarin... "
@musicaddikt787 its good for you crystal! 
just posted a blog on being single... go check it out yo  
Totally in awe of Firebug for Firefox. Wow.. now that is a cool tool 
Paddington! Is *so* nearly home 
@andy065 podcasts are on my laptop 
@dileno You need to straighten up your gaming! More gaming equals more happiness 
Sleep. Then AT&amp;T in the morning. Oh the sweet smell of the boys of summer. 
I'm on a boat 
"@Tammzy I hate those shows, and everything they stand for. What a way to make ppl look ridiculous! 'cept Audrina, she's mine "
@carmanuals @DoItYourselfs @Electricity101 I see your M.O. there  #rofl
"@larry_david your material is inventive, intelligent and absolutely HILARIOUS --&gt; can't wait for the new season of Curb "
@fakeACLU it sure is  and I love that on PeopleBrowsr I have no columns limit and my groups and settings are saved in the cloud.
Now on twitter! How fun! 
*honestly* jus went to a random page on Myspace &amp; they had my song on their profile!  that shit was random but jus makes me work harder!
@malcolli who doesn't love fuzzy crits? 
@godsgirlsCAM read and put a question in there for ya  but of course.
I'm such a happy girly. I think that means it's time for candy. Joy! Fun! Love! Smile! 
@nicolerichie yep. Had their CD back. Still remember the cover - horribly early 90's! Had all the Anne of Green Gables books too.  
"Let me pre-empt the inevitable &quot;When a man is tired of GH he is tired of life&quot; comment by saying I'm just tired, in general "
@BittersweetBaby I love target too  hiii nicole!
"@ThePrinceBeMe : hm , that's sound scandalously sad !    Let's make happy music ! "
3. Just kidding! I won't spam y'all anymore. 
@sarahatwood you're welcome for K-ROD!   #openingday
Watching funny TV show clips on Hulu.com  
"@InnaLA_RE Is my way the right way? Yes. Is it the only &quot;right way&quot;? Um, no. Not at all. I just know what works for me and my clients. "
@Steve_Buscemi I'll feed you for life is you say my cookies are the best. 
Posting a new vid.. nothing to do with weight loss just felt like vlogging.. 
@Alleycat24 Goodnight 
@paulmonkey yes has all the sugar and salt to rehydrate you quickly 
"@Bluegrass_IT That's a very good question - don't know how I did it  - I could make a few guesses, let's chat at Exeter on 7th!"
bars on Monday = awesome.  
http://twitpic.com/2y4ky - Cute shirt from @threadless 
good morning @mariaandros i like that song too.. im praying now 
@nicolerichie Opps I meant &quot;summer vacation&quot; I had the cassette tape 
@maymaym My #kfanyc is not up because I do not have server space.  Will fix that in May.  Everything can happen in May. 
packing another order for a NEW retailer 
"@snufsnuf I'm living in penang, its far from singapore plus i'm just getting started on IM so maybe a little while before i can go travel "
@tmere good to see your info on ED... 
"@JayJayKlees Well, I think you should go search for the pot of gold "
Going to bed after this show goes off.  lifes pretty grand.
"Anybody in Atlanta hiring if you are looking for IT pro in Networking, please let me know "
"@bejithebear hey there..so cool to hear about the focus group...i am signed up for wed, hope ours is as fun as your was "
Trying To Figure Out This Twitter Thing 
@ingridmusic infatuated with twitter... like me. Too bad I don't have many followers. You should listen to a recording I've done 
TweetDeck supports ?????? 
@Ramoso Hihi I love it! Drinking Red Bull in the morning  
inducted the new FLOfficers tonight 
"@acmaster27 haha yes, it would be cool, but i'm pretty sure my cookies don't know anything about political bias in cable news... "
HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD @MattWayneCeleb please and thank you 
looooooong day ahead! another sunny day 
@cheekipoo Don't let that stop you coming along 
Gooooooooood Morning Twitterville. I wonder what today will bring and which song I'll have stuck in my head most of the day 
"@AdamCSmith RE: your french word. sorry, but it looks like you're going to have to try harder...its down 11.5%  "
I like saving money 
@franceskim thanks i had a lot of fun...vegas is always a good time for me 
Is quite pleased that the weather forecast for Cyprus looks so good - not like turkey last year!! Mmmmm... Sunshine!! 
Big thanks to Brenton for my workouts! He's kicking my butt into shape! Hello bikini body. 
"Ava has just taken me for a short walk to the shop, to buy cigarettes  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6352671"
laying in bed. I have high hopes. it's going to be good.  God is GOOD !!! 
Wohoooo! Wilco is coming to Pukkelpop?? Do you think I can invite them for a good coffee at my house  ?
Just typed up massive trench warfare plans for the defense of the Papal States in 1983. &lt;3 forum-based geopolitical wargames. 
@airplanemancf you are so right  thanks for that. Always nice to have some positive people around!
@NicoleVilareal heyy yess  whats up dude!?
@shemah @anefallarme Awesome! I'll try to chop! 
Feeling a bit better this morning - J let us lie in until 7:30 which was nice but means I am now rushing to get into work 
"@scrivener Afterwards, spoke with my Mom -- she argued in your defense, ahupua'a and all! "
@swirlyarts Thanks for featuring me on Cuteable yesterday 
excited about mi promisin future I need a spiritual cleanse. I'm prayin then its off to bed  night twittheads!
sooo freaking tired. glad it's almost the break soo i can sleep in! cant wait to head to weyburn after easter. 
@KnitLuck I have crocheted washcloths in my store - afghanartistry 
I suddenly have the urge to watch Karate Kid and catch flies with chopsticks. Must be time to eat oriental. 
Mmmmm wings  http://twitpic.com/2y4o6
"@moonfrye I find your tweets are extraordinarily and consistently positive. Given my own last tweet, I could take a page from your book. "
@kyleandjackieo GOD! send ME some of your clothing that you don't want.. hangbags too please! anything! ill cherish it 
"@Clamson NOOOOOOOOO!!! As cool as Iron Man is, women are way better. On the other hand, Iron Man doesn't nag or talk back.   "
@ThisismyiQ Q g0 t0 bed!!  wat r u doinggggg??
Sleeeep time! I'll check back in tomorrow!  raining tomorrow? wtheck?
@tommcfly Hello! You should have the cereal with loads of sugar 
picked up my new car this morning 
"@innocent42nite that's ok, it was funny lol "
is coloring! 
@MiltyKiss sadness! but they are credited in the movie! 
"@aswinanand Well, we are on the verge of ruining this planet completely. Time we started working on another, dontya think? "
"@RichSchefren though, well he's like a big brother  - always friendly and supportive."
@Amy440 well well well...look who it is  welcome to this crazy twitter world...hahahha
"Strawberry cheesecake ice cream and Captain Jack Sparrow.  Yeah, it's a good life. "
Just working again..... We gonna digitalhero some ship today 
Starting a busy day at work happy that @geoffjones rang me from airport 
"Ok.. so Dunkroos could not be found, but I found something called Dunk 'ems and the flavor is &quot;Awesomely Oreo&quot; I shall now try it "
Listening to Honor Society 
"@stinson Was the 1st time I used the lightbox, so a bit rough, but wanted to do it before she got too big! "
@phatelara awesome Debbs! 
waiting for the clock to turn 5 so i can go home 
@vielleicht LOL well one thing we can do is you can show me how to get to the rocky horror place 
What a session! Headin' to my lady's house for some home cookin' 
@wpwebhost Have you prepared the 110 x 80px banner? 
can't stop laughing 
@sexpensive Not really going  Wish I was though. Wasn't this hot.
[2/2] orkut's team cleaned the phishing link in few hours and responded to me with a thank you note 
"@damohopo thankyou  bet your eye looks lovely, consider an eye patch if only to spare others pain on looking at your gooey eye ;)"
@lsndr87 Good Luck Girl 
"@lizlin Sad to say I just take multivitamins, I guess I'm getting old  oh yeah, if i hold the &quot;P&quot; will i get more vitamins? LMAO"
@gordonchiu You're one letter alway!    Koreans don't use &quot;X&quot; so there's no hope for me. 
@qtbrowneyes - my avatar? LOL! yup. new FF. new Avatar. Everyone started changing theirs now too 
@bikeindia LOL! I think he shud get a pic of his taken with the bunnies himself now  The damn LCR site is alrdy NSFW at work though!
Finished reading 1st book of the Hollows series by Kim Harrison 'Dead Witch walking' LOVED IT!  Started book 2 already  
Coffee! ...and in less than 24h back on the plane 
In our new feature we're launching tomorrow I am going to launch a new list &quot;people I really trust&quot;  Good night!
@idonthavefleas 
"I'm sooooooooooo over him, its funny. "
Hi @ladyexec: Found you through @MrTweet. loved the positivity in your mini bio and thought it would be good to connect 
@ryanhopesudie I agree entirely. Won't have to wait too much longer! 
@mariannemarlow Hehe Watch out for it tho  Have a great morning at your end...
"@jaredleto Gonna go for a jog with my dog, it looks beautiful outside... Gotta love spring "
@maddysen lol omg check my profile in 5 mins 
http://rapidshare.com/files/218348030/Summer_CD_2009.zip.html A mix i made if you want to listen to some new-ish indie pop/rock stuff 
@Tyrese4ReaL Thanks man 
@SathyaBhat Ahan  let me eat his head then! Danke!
@larryczerwonka cool changing avatar u got there. nice quotes too 
@dougiemcfly good morning dougie 
"back in Montreal, missing the sun, the ocean, the desert, and my oh my the good looking boys....but hey at least ive got awesome friends "
I will be enjoying my long vacation starting tomorrow!  I'll also be doing some reflection in the spirit of the Lenten Season! ;)
Time for nite nite I guess 
"@xJane Well, since I'm on the subject, maybe I'll complain about it some more. "
"eww maths, one day till holidays "
@epidaetia whats bad abt it? good thing indeed  congrats..when is the summit
"happy birthday Sybil. wow. // coffee at nearly 3 in the morning. in for another LONG night... or, morning?! "
"&quot;through all the hard times in my life, those nights kept me alive&quot; "
"@mileycyrus if it's less than an hour of sleep, its napping but more than an hour is sleeping. "
"@michaelkwan It's not about working hard, it's about work smart "
is at 98 followers 
"interpretor...sounds cool  ,but i am soo sleepy XD"
"Today its biz side vs dev side @yunoo  Tennis, bowling &amp; beers! Let the games begin..."
@glenzgolfvi LOL really? I always thought I @ too much.  have a good night.
@ work.  pears (in liquid state) bought for weekend. they say fruits are healthy! 
Did You Know what is happening? - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IUEhASXb8EM isa un kodoliga futuralogija 
@TonjaC Good night! 
"@jaredleto Yeah...Here is 1 vegan  P.S. Jared, you are one of the greatest artist of all time !"
@0mie no thanks. I don't like jail 
home - yay bought so many nice things in the city today 
@_Flik_ You'll have to sweet talk her  make sure she knows you are a hard worker.
@youngaq nah I dont even lol haha thankssss for the page love 
listening to songs  
"@RuthyLANY Awesome! I love that show. No, I didn't see it but, I did record it, so I'll probably watch it in a little bit.  Ryan's cute."
"As another long day begins, James is glad it's sunny. Stay away nasty rain "
@johannacherry come stay at mine on friday 
@MidLifeCrunch strange your page is just like our company 
@k3n13 encantado..  been looking for stuff like that for the past few days..
@soulforce84 at least he's in good hands 
@demib hopefully they are just followers rather than stalkers 
@blueflameit I wish they are all ex red arrows and I have had the privilege of flying with them  http://theblades.biz
"@SlideShare_Dan Flickr for photos, Youtube for videos, Megaupload for large files. Own sites for articles. That's it. "
"@BlegooPR It was a quote , a mere quote "
@suburbanhipster haha michelle  u work too hard! haha
Last call soon! Slow night 
@msnichole I love purses! U shud send me some 
HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD @MattWayneCeleb please and thank you 
Goodnight twitterland! Belle and I are going for walks and adventures tomorrow! 
"http://twitter.com/samiyusuf , very nice a session. I recommend to everyone. Immediate access to news  ws Esma"
@NaiveLondonGirl Why howdy maam. I'm fine n dandy. And if ur naive I'm a dutch man's uncle 
@djlogansama Ugh. That first 'now' should be a 'know'. It's your fault for making me stay up late on a Monday 
@pj23harry you got it 
"Listening to Lokki talk, ok he's a cat so it's all meows I don't understand but man the sounds he can make as he wanders the apartment.  "
@KristenjStewart It happened because everyone freakin' loves the shit out of you! Get used to it  Hope you have a good week!
"@BlegooPR It was a mere quote, that's all "
still thinks twitter is a hipster circle jerk 
"@BrickSh0t7 ugh i hate you, we got snow in the middle of April...dont you just miss Canada?   *ends sarcasm*"
"im off to work, I will returns the hellos when I get home  "
"Can you tell it's spring break here, boys are off school so I don't have to be up at first light and can actually stay up late!!!! "
I really love reflections and shadows 
"No hunny, there are no vampires ... just bloodsucking salespeople that steal daddy's money...  Day 1 as a Lycan."
@Willie_Day26 why are you still up? 
@dancemasstv thank you! 
@noiseboyartist i love writing letters of complaint - i just always forget to mail em. I'm an agent-of-change (in my head) Lol 
EXCITING! Suppose to be 75 degrees out tomorrow! YEAH!!!!  
Watching spongebob till I fall asleep 
"@icywings11 Just downloading it now Icy,will let you know what i think when i watch it "
"Only ï¿½18, that's brill! I can see my pic now, did I disappear for a while? Strange. "
finally got approved for the apartment. Mandy and I really deserve it. 
@jorskwen omg i sooo cannot wait. once it's properly ready will take pix and upload k! 
watching comedian Nick Griffin.&quot;Life is difficult that's why I love sleeping.It's like temporary suicide..but you wake up refreshed.&quot;  
I have eight days off in New York before dance. booking my flight now 
@grimtorn You can start making a religion of your own to make yourself fall asleep them 
@tommcfly haha morning then. i think (aussie here) wheat bix with honey!! or maple syrup and milk 
tomorrow should be a great day! im actually going on a date! wow..this should be interesting! 
@alexandramusic congratulations on winning an award  x
@darthweef thx. you guys would definately had fun. but i do know you were already having awesome times in sf -part of rev3's scam school! 
is now at FILDIAS  http://plurk.com/p/n03es
"and also, i'm leaving - see you on the train all.. "
@jaybrannan it doesn't =( just take it and run with it! 
@jerichoK haha its 3pm here. good afternoon! 
Gettin' down to some Hollywood Undead. Mmmmhmmm 
@dougiemcfly good morning dougie and tom. how are you today? 
I had an amazing day today..with Jessica and everyone else modeling  oh I haven't felt so happy in a while &lt;3
"@Kenichan close, but no cigar.  banana-toffee "
@Riles_puppy &amp; @PuppyJamaica Morning Pups! Thanks for the follow. Look fwd to barking at you soon!!  This Twitter is going to the dogs!
@devo21 I know!! I just hadn't had one in such a long time.. The goodness surprised me. 
@blueaero ooo it's fantasy?  i like fantasy novels   will check it out
is home from justin's farewell dinner.. don't die!! 
@DaKing240 never mind  I hope GF II is worth buying it ?
"woohoo, just beat @simX's ass at typeracer...once. "
"@FakeCedric Hey Ced, this is KingdomGuard "
@middleclassgirl well that was succinct 
"@ScarlettDane btw, i saw you're coming to volterra  my house is open if you need a place to stay."
@benhafner i would have to agree that @jocam is quite an amazing girl....and in a few weeks I'll be having dinner with an amazing couple 
sleeping under the stars 
@tayswift Im glad to hear im not the only one awake at 2 in the morning 
"@rokchic28 no probs, I sell nothing other than my blog http://snedwan.com  I'll have to get a listen to your band, on iTunes?"
"oh - and triple H won at wrestlemania...not that I'm counting, but 100% of my predictions were accurate "
@itsangie maybe we can to when I move down? 
"3 apples, 2 nectarines, 1/2 flat strawberries, 1/2 bag of grapes, cup of chopped walnuts, sliced, diced, and mixed 2 yummy perfection "
"@MyfWarhurst &quot;Head On&quot; by Pixies, because the video is awesome and underplayed "
@YoYo_Ma lol!  Isn't it past your bedtime? It is for me. See you tomorrow!  
two tests down..  three tests and a twenty first birthday to go..  
@RAPEY Have a good Tuesday 
Weeeeeeh It's almost tomorrow today! 
"@dougiemcfly @tommcfly good morning tom and dougie, how are you today? "
@Hematocrit Are you serious? 
@souljaboytellem Good Nite Babe!!  
"@vdichev Don't read past tweets  Hey, it's not email!"
@pingfm we love you too! 
"@Monhae Quite tearful today, but I laughed a lot also. To put it simply. "
Men Without Hats - Safety Dance is DaH best song ever created of all time *starts to dance*    &lt;3    
Today was good  Going to shower now. Then watch Family Guy.
Until we get to 10.0 unemployment It just time to do part-time and school 
Yay i actually slept this morning! 
"@mathewanthony Mathew, it is pretty crazy huhh  text me in the A.M."
@shipovalov &quot;NOKLA connecting people&quot; ?? ???????  ??????? 
@DidiGiggles lol you like that did you... don;t worry i got more 
"@JonathanRKnight Thanks for the 'sermon' lol. I was asleep when You wrote it, but it was nice to wake up to. The simple life...If only!  x"
wants to go out. dragonball evolution premiere tonight! 
I am freakin grateful that I don't work at Fontana Fitness anymore! 
tomorrow is a big big day. first day at the new job  uhh so nervous.
@marcfennell now thats fun!!! enjoy the premier. 
@MyNews24 No such thing as too many public holidays  I'm looking forward to lots of chocolate too!
@shalinique Booo!!! Ur just being urself...n we love it!!! 
@Anjuli_nz haha there is a bit of that! makes getting up early easier too. 
"Another bright sunny day! - Island must have driftered south over the last few days  Oh well, time to eat then off to work"
Champions League back on tonight 
@rmolden LOL yes - but I truly can't believe what I forgot! OMG Oh #$@! perhaps I am doing to much? #@&amp;# that! lol w love!x  hehe help...
"@Kal_Penn Maaan, I'm going to miss Kutner. He was my favorite on the show. Keep being awesome, Kal! "
@michellecottis  God! how many Tweets do you make a day. I have 89407 calls left for today 
I love you best 
"@LouisGagliardi hahaha... shiiit, dont i feel like a douche bag =/ hehe! thx for the tips anyway  much appreciated!im glad to be different"
just bought the best scarf ever 
can't access his bank account ;) this is going to be fuuuuuuuun 
"here are your three videos, use them to meditate  http://tinyurl.com/ebbod1 http://tinyurl.com/ebbod2 http://tinyurl.com/ebbod3"
for those who are puzzled by umtweeti wam 
@apreezyl haay can you tell me the attendance question for personal computer tomorrow? Thanks  &lt;3
"had an amaaazing day.  Running, sushi, shower, beach, uno on the beach, fun. "
In weekend am mers pana la padurea din spatele curtii... si uitati ce am gasit!  http://totromancuta.deviantart.com/art/new-born-118398460
Sarcasm. Hits me every time as well 
"@mcawilliams I saw them live a few years ago, surprised at how calm they looked on stage. "
"@heiko Yes, she is  http://twitter.com/sevinnyne6126"
"ok, it's officially my birthday!  crack a beer if you got one, that's what I'm doing "
@mattyza Thanks. wp e-commerce is very buggy. Think i'll do the custom thing. Now to find the time 
I'm excited for rescue me to start tomorrow. Or is it today. 
"Didier's return a big boost for us at Chelsea ahead of the UEFA CLeague.. hope the champ plays, scores and wins it 4us.. fingers crossed "
@tonebeep sooo crazy that its ur middle of the day and I'm bout to go to sleep!..haha hope all is well! Buy any new kicks?!..lol  hollleer
@michellepearl http://twitpic.com/2y4vg - Love it! Love your new logo as well 
"#SF Bay Area Rides I want a ride, please  SC &gt; LA (santa cruz): Anyone perhaps going to L.. http://tinyurl.com/cactjn"
Going out soon. Got Mileys CD 
lol @ no one commenting on my posts.  i feel soooo loved
Morning - how nice to see everyone is awake and chirp - it helps 
"@LizMyers first impressions are good actually, like the design, a happy-summer feeling "
"Apart from I-tunes, can anyone recommend a good and reasonable download site? And I should say &quot;legitimate.&quot; "
"Kumar Sanu calls current film songs 'shouting'. Well, at least singers don't shout from their noses these days  http://tr.im/imzw"
"@scrivener: I didn't say it was correct, just what I thought "
lol @PartyWater. This will mostly depend on how you dance ! If you dance like no-one is watching then maybe a bit more ! 
"I found my MADDEN '08!  in '09  ...oh well, I say Old is New Again!"
"@needlestack Uh oh, now I'm getting kind of scared. "
"@Tammi_LA Not for work...just for personal fulfillment!  I'll call/msg you tomorrow, maybe we can work something out!?"
@JhonenV What a precious photo... makes me want to pinch your cheeks. 
bed time 
is watching Prince Turns to Frog  http://plurk.com/p/n04bs
"Planning to learn basic sign language these holidays  Geez, I have a whole list o_0"
@robs_maid thanks 
@LaGiggles Have a beautiful y safe trip!!! Lots of hugs y hearts 
@pplist yep - doing my best viking impersonation - even without the helmet 
"@saudarilee Hey hey, where did you get the Man U rompers? Are there any other club rompers available? Thanks  -Zee"
"Lookin @mellyford Bet right now. She's like kryptonite , she stops  me dead on my feet. Love my Melly "
"@tweeterdiva If time permitted, even with 36,000 followers, I would @Reply everyone back who takes their time to @reply me. "
@Susielin I LOVE YOU and ain't no one in this whole world who could convey that to you like me! 
Finally going to sleep; getting up early for Opening Day in San Francisco 
"@myopicjoe Yup, not many of us are named &quot;Benjamin Button&quot; "
"@Willie_Day26 doing this damn outline for a script! Smh, hella  time consuming. Shouldn't you be taking advantage of some REST, perhaps? "
@IamMarkus jep I could use some sleep 
Flickr group &quot;Things iPhoto Thinks are Faces&quot;   http://is.gd/r5il
@rachrouch thought it would feel much better 
I hate deadlines. So why am I majoring in broadcast to be an anchorwoman who will have multiple daily deadlines? I HAVE NO IDEA! 
Lets Drop ..Ich hatte gerade Kï¿½se auf Toast. Germandoo. Oh the Joy of knowing some words in german  (via twitt.. http://tinyurl.com/dbwg8p
@duanestorey Happy birthday 
"@PapaLazarou aha! 2 points to Ang, 0 to Kilian. I'm getting better at this "
getting music updated finally 
@ThisismyiQ Really?! Who?? lol 
"Preparing numbers for ReSharper 4.5 release. Who need numbers, I wonder? "
just got bac from the lib and lol headed to bed no classes 2morrow!! yay! 
loves clean sheets 
@mcawilliams sehr sucht 
@snake66 hehe  I knew someone would do the deaf joke :oP  Catch you later hun 
Once again stayed up to late and have to start too early  It is a good thing I like my job
"I'm up way too early and it's rather cold. On the brighter side, @Becky_howard and I are going on our picnic today "
@hammett if I'm working with a company a year after 4.0 is released and they are still on 3.0 
@FizzyDuck Five? Seems a little bit too late in the morning but what the hell ! 
ryanodonnell: @AttractMode Thanks for putting on such a great event. Can't wait for the inevitable sequels!  [.. http://tinyurl.com/c3e3ub
@damygeebo Carli's my friend 
I feel so great for starting twitter at suzanne  but still hardly anyone has it.
"@Luke_Stephens: I just said I was wondering about it, not that I wanted it. "
@MarlonRibunal thanks dude 
@FFMo Glad to hear that   Professional phone sex operator. And you?
"Planning to learn basic sign language these holidays  Geez, I have a whole list of things to do...o_0"
"Wooohooo, amazon lowering mp3 prices. Fuck you iTunes "
@sweetlocs definitely a GOOD 1! 
@Lisa_Nova it was awesome meeting you tonite  thanks for being so nice!!
"@Shaido they probably want to know what site he downloaded it from, so they can get their own copy "
@JacePerry Thanks Jace!!! Yeah - I made it super quick but I really like it  Yay Logos
@WallyDWallower I love cold pizza for b'fast! Mmm! 
@Deroshairjtv actually the world will end at 12/12/12 @12:12am  so the movie must come out before then 
@levarburton yes I watch 'The United States of Tara' via the wonders of the Internet as I am in the UK and it's not here yet  Great show.
@fartingpen @far1983 @dharshana @rampantheart @lavanyaj @sudhamshu @adapaavi @disobedientgirl haha that makes @fartingpen my online fart 
@framolamdu PYT is an excellent song 
Traffic is hell in Athens. Should I quit job to find one closer to home ? 
"@Coll_aka_Aubrey No, I wasn't really.  But you do &quot;kinda&quot; look like a terrorist!.... :-|"
@thusgaard added you on NST 
"@leslie_nassar Hey, I didn't say I would eat them  aren't they like an inside-out pizza? Will my local Coles stock them? Important Q's."
It's a beautiful day... 
"watching another cinderella story  aparently it's better than a cinderella story, the hilary duff one. lol"
Finished my book-onto #4 now 
at all: what are your favorite cinema film aktually? i have no answer until yet...that's no help for me 
@NatashaD83 I agree with Jo! Don't say thanks Natasha! We're hrere for you! 
googling...Biltmore estate....flower festival coming up..looks like a neat place to visit 
http://www.zachleat.com/Projects/alarmd/ &lt;- my new very best friend (until I make one better   )
@Tricia_PsGuard Meeee tooooo. But it's freezing outside and I don't want to miss this!!!! I have a job to do! 
@Willie_Day26 i love you willie! 
leave the irreparable past in God's hands and step out into the irresistible future with Him! 
gone to sleep.. so tired! goodnight or good morning to everyone! have a nice day people 
@chr15t14n  thanks.
"at the end of the day i ended up exalted with a faction, 9 mounts richer, and 1100 gold poorer.  good night "
@haisergeant thank you very much 
"I'm gonna try and sleep now  it's 3:07, and i'm kinda tired this time. My wonderful bed is waiting for me. Sick, strep throat :/. Night&lt;3"
@s_constantine Move a bit south for some sun rays 
"@MissxMarisa i like coffee, water, coke and beer "
"Putting my RESUME in at foodworks tomorrow, omg, i hope i get it, i will be able to start earning money!  OMG!!!!! "
@hayesz its all good hahha im glad you have fun  the pics on your blog will give me fapping material for days to come ;)
"Good night, world. Please still be there in the morning when I awake. "
@HarryHarley good night 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2xszg - you're so cute 
"@ceanders good luck homes. I'll be at my computer for most of the day, so chat me if you want a diversion/support "
"@froggie775 If you want REALLY weird, listen to &quot;Everything Falls Apart&quot; and then go forward to &quot;Body of Song.&quot; "
"@missygail Shouldn't argue, since you know I'm not going to change my opinion of you "
fuck i'm loving this song today.. everyone listen to it now. it makes a person smile big.. 
is now feeling good about the economics presentation. I've studied for 4 years - I have to know something 
"dum di dum, cant sleeep and can NOT do the stanky leg, FML. "
@routhietootie Camilla! I love your eyes! You have the cutest face! and the most gorgeous figure. Really good actor. 
@nassyusof evening primrose oil  and loads of vitamin c
taking photography pics of the beach 
"@dougiemcfly hey dougie  thought you would be the best one to ask... what are some names for lizards. i may be getting one, i wanted YODA!"
@mcawilliams Yes I have noticed that! I like my 8am Tweets  Nice &amp; easy!
Going to go for a walk in Lathkildale - enjoy the sunshine today folks! 
@lurkey Hurray i got it 
@DHughesy Newcastle: Pot Capital of Australia  Well it was I wonder what Newcastle's is.
Job searches=lame.  But sending my cover letter to steve to edit/write for me=perfection 
@rampantheart 
uploading THE MAINE interview. enjoy 
@JennyJS hehe  now i can send him tweets all the time 
Awww hell! Disturbed on now! Inside the Fire followed by The Night! 
@Sugadeaux I'm gonna email you - too much to write here! 
is just checking things out 
today was super fun and we tried new things plus we have future hangout buddies 
"So, coffee was kind of a let down... but perhaps my weekend will be more exciting! "
@genn_org hey? Where r u? Still in irish pub in Rome? 
@dahowlett I take it you won't be at the keynote then 
"Good Morning, Tweet Peeps....Something to think about  &quot;Content makes poor men rich; discontentment makes rich men poor.&quot;"
@JaneBelinda and my bro-in-law obviously 
@deepbluesealove  Have a good evening sweetheart {{hugs}} thanks for the tunes glad i got you closer to your blip goal 
Just got home. Fun day. Swimming. Then downey now home. 
Big planning meeting today followed by our first radio interview - my Comfort Zone is officially expanding...... 
Well the sun is shining and I'm feeling guilty 'cos I've neglected the garden. Seed sowing and weeding today methinks 
@kippygo with ne'er a cellulite dimple in sight 
@anjelicaca warm glass of milk? Sleeping pills? Do I need to read you a bed time story? 
I am so swamped! I will get online again soon. I will not neglect my best friends! 
"@icjackson what about Halloween? Maybe not cake and ice cream ... so I guess it would be Hyper Day, not the same. Never mind. "
@mikemakin first big massive fight...I blame Sam 
@The_Apprentice_  come on down buddy. would love to have ya 
@plutobob my eyes are all sleepystill and when I looked at your reply to Seb I was all 'he replied to her? Sweet! but now. I'm very tired 
@Schofe I've justheard about the demonstrations on the news. Good luck 
@piawaugh well done mate. good post too! 
"@typezero3: Awesome picture, dude. You and eBG have matching visors. "
"@ddlovato   new video. amazing. simply stunning, not to mention one of my favorites. "
Time for bed! Sleeping to Thursday  pretty stoked for school tomorrow. Goodnight all!
@Mamacitax7 I could survive... 
I'm in a David Bowie mood  I feel like watching Labyrinth!!! Sexiest GOBLIN KING I've ever seen. CLASSIC!
"@Brevi Glad to hear it, thanks for letting me know "
"@wisequeen Plenty of tea here, I'll get the toaster ready "
"@bdebow 'Bout Damn Time!  You should also reserve sarcasmagorical, just in case... "
oatmeal at 3am &gt; veg soup at 5am. 
@jgto - I'm not a doctor but it sounds like a some sort of allergy to me . Everything is going to be OK darling   I promise! xxx
@CocktailChic oh yes I can see that! lovin it 
@ggen its pretty fucken good so far hehe 
"@ev  Link takes me to &quot;Hazardous Weather Outlook for Michigan&quot;, quick &amp; dirty indeed. "
"yay~! bought jax a new tag, looks pretty much the same as the one he lost. "
i just cut my hair and it actually looks a lot better ahaha 
@tinylittlebear I have tried getting you up for yoga and I don't believe it!  I'm proud of you 
@THEArtistT thanks for putting me on your coolest design cats list 
so the other night i kissed a statue of a toad.. lets keep our fingers crossed for prince charming  or would he become a statue too?
"@Kal_Penn I just read about your new job, CONGRATULATIONS!  That's fantastic."
@JonathanRKnight Jon this ride you have taken us on is way too amazing! We are just glad you can hear us &amp; understand if you cant reply 
@lexykiddle i didnt do much made a sandwhich  and then caught a fish  wbuyou going paulis party? some good news for you cant say on here.
"@ogflawless How absolutely delicious of you to say so.  We put our heart and soul into it, so it's nice to know it's appreciated "
"@cavorting All  here. Alwys lvly 2 spk w/u Awww If I cld, Id giv u a fut massaj... Awww so sweet. TY YW Heres another (((( @cavorting ))))"
would love to stay in bed but have to go to work...roll on the long weekend! 
@RheaP better be careful with that aching feet in the gym. 
"Right people, Im back. 12hrs of mind numbing IT work ahead... y'all better bring it! "
is off to bed. Will explore later.  Lol.
"@mark_henry You should so do the RB bundle, dude. You're bound to get a gig as a backup Temptation "
"@ukdivorce - Just reading your blog, looks cool! "
Im going to home and take the doggies to the park...will twitter from the park 
@Llawen Thank you Cal!  Always sunny in Wales? lol Yes the people maybe but certainly not the weather!
"@oliver_turner cant do facebook at work, sorry. have yourself a great day stuffed full of awesomeness! "
"@AppleCCSF btw, I'm doing all of my CCSF / Communique 5 dev on a MacBook Pro.  "
@reikifurbabies @petsaretalking Nice product! Think I'll have to wait until next time I'm in the US to try it unless you ship o/seas 
"@rubypurple sorry twitterberry fails, glad to see you here! "
@bunyan71 Quick question who is the female singer? 
Had an amazing time at The Summer Set! 
@cybathug .. @FerryCorsten has twitter 
another jog done  now I will proceed to do some degree standard cutting and sticking
ooooh such a good night  bed time!
RULE OF LIFE#1: STOP SAYING NO WHEN OFFERED COFFEE.  RULE OF LIFE#2: eat lots of people 
@sebinomics Flutter: Let's found 'supra-tinyurl.com' then - they're too long otherwise... 
HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD @MattWayneCeleb please and thank you 
"WOOT.COM - Keyring Breathalyzer 2 Pack... I JUST BOUGHT one for myself, oh hells yes. a DUI is not in my future, thanks @woot.com "
Good morning Lithuania and Paris 
This morning I was woke up by Janis Joplin. This can't be bad. Morning all! 
"The older theory was, marry an older man because they're more mature. But the new theory is men don't mature. Marry a younger one. "
haven't been able to sleep at ALL. i think i'll watch Ugly Betty online. 
is soooooooooooooooooo glad taylors back 
@jhnewf  You inspire me to Twitter a lot 
I suppose I am now officially one of the Literati.  Does that give me smart points?
@GWUniversity - so if ur not ... who are u ? hahah ... u obviously 'know' the other one.... bucket list 
@jilly_t you're baaack!  you must tell me about your escapades!  video chat soon 
Having a goooooood afternoon 
Missing My Best Friend. Listening to Radio Disney 
"I stupidly put my teddy bear that my grandparents gave me when I was 2 into storage when the house forclosed, dad rescued the bear 2day! "
"Was a &quot;ranger&quot; for a day, sporting red hair in support of my sports day team, who came 2nd. Heading to the pub for teacher's EOT dinner "
Sending last documents to accountant. Almost there 
"@azuritetalk Man, im glad to see that you're starting to rebuild things, all my best wishes for your future. "
@jamesshunter great man! good luck with everything! I'm guessing the coming days are going to be extremely exciting 
@michaelmknight morning 
"@3ND14P3 Well, I like the America Ferrera one...but that's it. "
@kari_shma http://www.pharmaeffects.com/2008/12/red-bull-the-risks-and-side-effects/ this link is for you. Mind checking it out a bit? 
its time 
Thanks @macheist - That was a good deal 
@shayera But they are so good. 
12 Common Photoshop Mistakes and Malpractice http://sp2.ro/9b495c  great for begginers like me 
"@snufsnuf  I'm pretty good, snufsnuf, just wanted to acknowledge your commiseration for my stale Cheez Doodles ;) Nice to meet you "
"Whoa, apparently my Etys are coming back tomorrow! Strangely, they didn't charge me for repairs. Complimentary UPS shipping. Etymotic R. "
in the office now...but not for long 
its beginning to feel a lot like summer everywhere i go! 
"I'm always here Juliet, always. I will always be right where I've always been, outside your window. "
omg omg dougie replied to me. gosh i'm so happy 
@alicam thanks very much for the follow 
@ichristian works for me 
@jennifermf Thank you 
"@Steve_Buscemi hahahahaha, totally awesome!!!!! You made my life!!!!!!! "
lol @courtneylou  im at work bored beyond belief and feel slightly cut off from the world. Anyone up for textin me? Hit me up if you do.
Good Night World! I see you tomorrow! 
@Rosaapril cinema and dinner wiff the buddies  simple yet cheap : D x
@APES ya red is also nice but it's too salty for me. i'm a doritos monster b4. 
@Snakehit new job? congrats 
"@dcorsetto Interested to see where this goes! When does the number of partners cross over from 'ok' to 'too many'? Split the middle, 150? "
GEORGIA. is going on my twitter checking it outt 
maybe I should include a programmers translation crib-sheet for normal people to understand in my twits 
Morning all - just had first cuppa   Hazy sunshine here.
"SLEEPING  nyc all day with @iamstevenbaggs hopefully, bbyboyyyy &lt;3 imissyou, 1 more day!"
"@BenjaminEllis Jubilee line to Canning Town, then DLR to Custom House. Takes 20-25mins. "
"Never mind, it was 100% worth it. "
"Today I have to get a washing machine. Even less room in my kitchen to put my stuff. Well, but I need clean clothes "
"I am now going to sleep, tweet ya later "
@phpslacker you're right! 
"@kenjbarnes1 What's funny is, it's been so long, I don't even remember season 6! "
gonna help with kids outreach this friday! whee! 
@brettbodine MMkay? R u the principal on southpark? 
Oh wow thats still sucky. Oh well atleast its later! Text me asap tomorrow  goodnight lover of mine 
is on his way home after a fun evening. 
"New post &quot;Tribalization, Socialized TV &amp; Games: Seriously&quot; http://twurl.nl/8namrw TV 2.0 &amp; Serious Games Pressies "
@billt Pint of Adnams? Glad to see you're taking advantage of Cask Ale Week 
"@jsworld yeah, have used it for converting multiple jpegs to multipage pdf file before too, was fun "
so excited for my eye exam tomorrow. 
Just  found all these new pictures from my photo shoot that I had never seen!! yay 
"My friend's short story is going to press!  Congrats, Melody!"
@michaelgrainger oh is that why they closed down to set it up  ya think 
Travel section tab all complete and linked in  http://theclausito.wordpress.com/travel/
@ventureoutlook thanks for the follow 
"it's unbelievable, but I somehow managed to write the whole standalone "
@KristineBam well maybe I can help make your life not suck tomorrow  good luck dear
Such a very long day. And again tomorrow...maybe I'll get on a jury next week and be able to take a nice vacation 
38 days til graduation! s0 much t0 d0...s0 little time! I'm excited! 
"@nickdifilippo That's easily my favorite season of 24. Logan is a dick, Martha is awesome and so is Pierce! "
"@tonyhenson Very cool, Sean thinks so too "
@LynnSerafinn Good luck with your book launch today Lynn - you must feel very proud 
I miss my boo thaaaaang 
@Schofe What happens if you're late for TM?  Who's your 'backup' these days?  Or will Fern wing it?? 
@direbonappetit yep  I blame my mate for taking me to see him in Hamlet last year. I wasn't to fussed before then!
home time! Two days to go  Going to walk the puppies if I can be bothered...
"@valeriekhoo I love my chiro, he's fantastic "
"@lanafromoz Your professor is just failing at Plain English Communication, clearly. "
@spacehotel I'm amazed you remember dates like that ! I'm impressed! You are a clued up lad though 
@Mica4Life  dude you didnt even see #house tonight  They made it look like Penn died
Yep!  ...out of curiousity though where did ya get those pics of the ferrari from anyway? http://tinyurl.com/dfldvc
"just woke up to find out that WeenKee, his guinea-pig just delivered two tiny guinea-pigs to world! Now I have to get the names for them "
@joobs Supposing you only have Romanian followers. 
"OMG! Indian Home minister got a shoe, Like what Bush got last time  - But there is a difference b/w Chidambaram and Bush "
Another day in work and life. Is it a pigeon day today ? or a statue day ? or neither?  hoping for calm neither day i think 
"@haylieofficial haylie, that is so cute "
@dougiemcfly  come to my house 
@roxycraft You should have gotten your e-mail by now...congrats! I want a crochet Chilly to keep my Big Blue company! 
going to be  bye bye people!
@kirstyr77 Thanks!  Hope all is well with you too!
@veronica78 night V! sweet jon dreams. good luck on the test! love and HUGGERS! 
"ok, that was follow tonyhawk now, and follow me "
"@Schofe Give our love to Paul Smith aka @twitchhiker, "
Just finished Chuck &amp; 24.  Both were good. 
@MTsiaklides haha now thats one I DO know! 
Hitting the hay! YAWN! Goodnight!  xoxo
Woke up this morning don't believe what I saw...A hundred million bottles washed up on the shore!!! 
"@xwen haha, it was Huggies - we believe in the importance of play between parents and children "
woo thanks ron and steeve for following me yeow i have folowerssss  haha  p.s i wanna got to the ellen show 
@amylynnequist ah. i hear you. hope everything work outs. 
Tomorrow/today is my free/lazy day. I'm so happy.  I'm gonna SLEEP like nobody's business and maybe actually WRITE something. 
@RacelloMaria Thanks  =P
http://twitter.com/timeline/direct_messages  Claudia I hope this works  I'm a tweeter too  
helping my dad again with the computer... 
Oh so here i am.. and and im bored :| thankyou redbull for letting me drink you on such a short notice  LY redbull + fairys
@netik no doubt   I love the seemingly random stats.  I'm going to have to incorporate that &quot;26%&quot; into a presentation somewhere.
@MinaMeow It was a good presentation!  Sluthood does not get talked about much 
"@JonathanRKnight Thanks, I'll go with &quot;wake well&quot;  Good night to you!"
@lisa_mishell7 Not a problem 
just found his iPod! 
@nathantwitch Hahahaha!!! That's awesome! 
@ryanrfish thank you 
HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD @MattWayneCeleb please and thank you  ... please retweet thank you
@zergmoney http://lab.andre-michelle.com/tonematrix  &lt;&lt;&lt; this'll cheer you up 
@dg4G you may need to finish some of it off - can't even look at the thing right now! 
@saritaonline and snoring zzzZzzz.. 
"@NoOrdinaryGurl IM NOT THAT DENSE, I DONT PLAY THAT LOW. "
BITS GOA forces chief warden to resign after a mass revolt lasting 4 hrs....way to go ppl!!! 
can't wait to see steph. 
almost there! 
@maryjanesattic I just got it! I am super stoked! And Chilly is all your if you want it  woot! Glad I stayed up!
shower.. then i think ill finish another cinderella story.. and then im going outtttt 
@DDGriffith I am truly honoured 
@ColdenGrey greeting my canadian friend 
@lastlikelylad thanks for the shout out! 
@coliwilso 
@dalerankine You mean also in NZ and I should just stay at home in the rain? 
The day is bright and theres a big presentation to write 
"@exlibris Hope you get your nap, feel better soon and enjoy baby Isobel. BTW, I saw the pic you posted on Flickr and she's gorgeous "
@michaelmknight Morning Michael I is good  lol xxx
@BradSugars hi had shared with Jim P we had connected on Twitter.  Let me know if soho can assist.
"@Steve_Buscemi now now Steve.. it's not about the numbers... quality, not quantity! "
@MissGC : Hahaha. Unfortunately not. My lesbian crush is ... Leighton Meester! XD You? 
goood morning tom and dougie 
Paw pawing my ass off smh...im starting to feel better 
working lately on building my web http://successrevolution.com will appreciate any help or comment 
I am wearing my ski socks  nice &amp; warm.
@ihatecrayons aww that sucks! Glad that put you in a better mood! 
@joytribble you know i'm LMAO at you right now right?  LOL
@maikeru76 have a great day/night!!!! 
Trying to find more friends to join twitter 
Morning Everyone 
@JaylaStarr &quot;drinking the drugs&quot; is a line from a movie I was just kiddin with yah girl!   http://bit.ly/kyDjD watch @ 2:20 u'll get it ;)
Re-reading @megcabot's Avalon High for the nnnntttttthh time! 
@misschuchu Mimi!! hi   i love your pic u look good
"Wow...awesome night! Posted my first website!  Small steps, but progress nonetheless."
@nathanrdotca I think if I click the word &quot;reply&quot; it gives me a new window of what you're replying to. I'll do that now. 
@kitty_stiletto all done - check your blog 
@mominisrael We know all about crazy bloggers 
"@ModelMandyLynn My current favourites are Life, House and formerly Boston Legal. I guess I enjoy sarcasm "
@Schofe Hopefully it won't stop you getting to the studio on time. although you could always do a Terry Wogan and broadcast from your car 
@aidenchan yeah sure but its my sister's so take EXTRA gd care 
Trying 'xDancer' App By Samir on my cell. Lol! Its seriously fun. Using it on a walk with my Mom. Have to keep moving to hear the music 
hope tomorrow is a nice day 
"@e_tay, love the uno.  who doesn't?  "
goodnight everyone 
"All going according to plan. ...Oh, joy "
@EvilTwinBrian Suckered Phil or Larry into the #Sci-Five? Did you guys get a pick-up game going over at the office today? 
Because of @Kells1 I've been singing &quot;I'm a little teapot...&quot; for days now. 
@kannibal How's your holy week coming along? Hope I'm not bothering you but do you think we can get the froulala cards this week? 
"#iphone #spotify I'm now able to run spotify on my iPhone, through a remote desktop session to my pc using Jaadu RDP. It works "
"For your info, we didn't try the Laksa. I ate the tongseng, chicken lycee, the mango salad n fried shrimp. Was good. I like it "
Another sunny day here in the south of the netherlands 
"@eri74 But now you've got a lot of catching up to do TWEETY was on a roll, hahaha so was D !! And the rest of us ofcourse "
"If the iPhone was being promoted by Bal Thackeray, he would call it KAAYPhone  haaaaaaaaahahahahahah LOLOL"
@TerryFree Thanks.    Appreciate that....
"@tamarlovesu I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU PULLED THAT OFF!  Good shit, dude!  I SO wish I was there...  Sounds like it went well...  "
@CanUhandleMee Lemme pour u some hot Tea with some honey. Talk to me woman! 
@pawoot So you may just stay outside and wonder how quick the operation is. 
is still freezing in Melbourne but the comedy festival is on  #STAtravel
Every bone in my body is aching but it was worth it ...The Prodigy rocked newcastle last night 
@IronChefShellie: LOL! Very good point 
@souljaboytellem http://twitpic.com/2y506 - aww... mwah  xxxx
"...when a national championship was won, and 87 band members. Welcome to an elite group. Cheers&quot; -Mr. Fuchs's toast to us. go heels "
@Gerry_Butler you should have a vote and i vote yes!!!!! going on broadway would be amazing 
@stevenliemberg you should make a good morning train trip with tea and salty pretzels 
"@GrantACummings Nah. Obama had UNC as his champ, Izzo should get a $479 billion bonus! "
"@rachellondon Hahaha,maybe Twitter has a conspiracy and are checking all political based tweets "
@heidimontag hey heidi ! i love you and your music ! keep on doing your thing ! much love and support ya bwoi SALMAN !  reply 
My son has treated me to a yummy lunch today in Lygon st Carlton ... for my Birthday. Drove me in while on his L's - Lovely surprise 
"@Jennifalconer you too, good luck with the photoshoot, sure youll be fine! "
"Goodnight, can't wait for school in the morning! "
"@burlymulligan yes, theeee Target.  it may happen again this week "
There are people we don't like it? They must be very strange people...  re: http://ff.im/1XTfX
"And like that, she was gone! (But at least her hair is natural brown again) "
LMFAO! i put baseball when i ment to put golfball 
@ddlovato  let me know when and we'll make it happen.
"Ah, Twitter seems to be working again "
@Rhiand92 you fail at life and all that it holds. 
DS parties in the lounge are so much fun! 
If a dude can do this I will thank him and shake his hand 
@Adricorn Thanks for your Atwood advice - I'll put them on my list. 
is no longer concern about that someone.. hehe 
"Morning  in the caravan at the mo and its freezing, but last night was classs  today should be awesomee"
I would marry someone if it meant they could stay. 
"@sp2hari @anomit Neat, I found the answers, Thank you "
@andrewrondeau Welcome!  
"@jasonsalas Thanks very much, I appreciate it, and we're the first site on the web with this review "
found it!  listening to blink then going to bed.. xoxo
"Phew, remembered an anniversary card   8 years today!"
"@jeffreecuntstar I'm sure many people do, Jeffree. "
"is finally off to bed, made rescue videos and lost sleep.  Rescue me!  http://bit.ly/3pl6Dh"
@micktleyden Thanks Mick. 
@riax3x I'm so glad you're feeling better *hugs* 
@snarkattack hi  I'd love to see a bumper sticker that read &quot;ministers make you scream for god!&quot; ... I'm so going to hell now!
getting ready to go away tomorrow. 
Happy Birthday to my wee lil one Michael Patric O'Rourke. He's 1 year old now 
my ex boyfriend once blamed me for making the freckles on his skin raise above the surface. he thought I'd done it to him.  i said wtf
"@mony_ bonjour, Wii is more fun "
Too happy to wash away my grin 
@megelder excellent tip  Makes wonder what you liked best. Bone's try at manipulating people or Ms. Strawberry *lol
"goodmorning, preparing for conference call with the goal to come up with improvement points for internal cooperation.... come to me ideas "
she makes every everything bad in my life seem ok in just a few words with her gentle voice..  http://twitpic.com/2y5ch
&quot;We'll be a beets cover band&quot;. I would pay money to see that 
"Yep, I'm receiving DMs, so at least some of you have no problems with DMs. I, however, cannot send DMs to anyone. Thanks for playing. "
Hi Rhian this is my first post on twitter so hope it works ok. My MBT's r fab - it's a pity I can't wear them 2 work. Hv a good day 
"Umm. Did NOT see that one coming, lol ... "
"@scotthardy I'll be in bxl tomorrow, so if you would have gone back tomorrow eve we could train together. But Thursday will be a bit late "
@WarWraith when has that ever stopped you 
just found that locavore = a person who goes out of the way to eat food produced locally 
"@digitaldocs oh and that one, but the one before the talk ended inside the room, u know delegates asking questions at mic  When me c'ing u"
www.toutlemondesurcf.blogspot.com 
i dont know what im doing here       can you tell me what can i post here?
@mpesce Yes you can do that 
so follow @tonyhawk. he's the coolest 
"@littlewideworld i know but we can dream,wish or just hope! "
@rodrigo_grana heh.. I mean I drunk so much liquor recently.  No worries.  and hiro has gone today :'-(
has conquered the Greek Exegetical Paper beast only little stuff remaining to finish it!!!!!!!! PRAISE JESUS   
@dougiemcfly c'mon... say me something. it will cheer me up  say hi you lazards!
Another challenging meeting in French. I hope it will be productive and that I will be able to understand 
says RED buhok qku ! .. hihi ..  http://plurk.com/p/n07qu
@fuelsource Hi! 
watchin movies... chillin 
Made my dad a myspace to bring awareness to Alzheimers...add him  http://www.myspace.com/460578844
@webvisions Thanks for putting up with us!     #wv09 #webvisions
Set up my twitter account! 
@marthaFRESH show on april 23rd...pomona college 
@dougiemcfly are yous having a good morning today dougie? :] it just became morning about twenty minutes ago here in america 
@slave_to_anime Enjoy the lens 
"@tommcfly awake already? big question, and i have 79 thingys left, can i do an interview with you guys the 18th in A'dam? please reply "
Day Is Done - heading for Bed - Keep the twitterverse safe 
But then there's all the rest. 
had an awesome day at work! Getting paid for what you love possibly has to be the best feeling EVER!!  
"@ragsmadison Ongina, perhaps? (contestant in RuPaul's Drag Race) "
http://www.tweetstats.com can create wordles (http://www.wordle.net) of your tweets ... nice 
"@Beogradoholik when I first got her, I was thinking of WeenKee or Oracle. But WeenKee is more cool and she has a real WinKey on her cage "
So tired. Finally getting some sleep. Nighty 
@annepmitchell Love your sense of humour! It's more about being fired up than burnt out  - What's happening in your world this week?
"@Flying_hei Yes, thanks - just about to get some hot coffee and hoping that 'Normal Service will be resumed as soon as possible'! "
@LolKate18 You like Ladyhawke? You are so cool 
The essays are finished and I'm going hoooooooooome 
mil's sms this morn - &quot;good morning. how are u?&quot; so tahching 
yeay have a parking space from tomorrow  thats an extra half hour in bed in the mornings - apart from the day I have to fly get up at 0515
"@mschaffel nice one, does that mean you'll put up an avatar too "
"@lesley007 I know - are you still on shits, sorry I mean shifts "
@grahambattersby holyshitholyshitholyshitholyshit 
"off to London, back online 14Th of April, so C U then "
"@Twilighter4Life but, thanks "
@kalemeow  thanks!
goood morning world. I wonder what sort of adventure you have in store for me today? 
@JasonAten The D700 rocks every day 
"Good day today: out door totally prepared early, sun shining and salsa tonight! O and listening to Close to Me! "
@Gracelisa @Danielle07 What happen to MSU   GO UNC lol !!!
Whew i love the movie &quot;Passengers&quot; 
"@jaybrannan while i can't speak for beyonce, i would think she would say that you deserve something better "
@peppysophia Welcome! Have a nice (twe)Day 
Actually I've been sleeping for about 6 hours. Just not been good 6 hours of sleep. I should feel fine. I'm goooood 
@kenyonluke around about mid may for 3 weeks 
Can't wait for tomorrow 
@maikoann Yummy caramel latte goodness - mum you've got me onto something here!! LOL  http://twitpic.com/2y5cy
"@SirGoose LOL Start over  if u were a melerr dude, go firearms or big-guns - or vice versa! same for Good-Evil. lotsa fun!"
@StephenChallens I am looking forward to some funny tweets from you  have a nice day XX
EBTM.com is BACK?! 
@Artytypes No - I won't say what I was gonna say - morning 
Long day. Hope I can catch a few Zzs as a result. Grabbing blankey.     then off to chair. Gotta B up in just a bit 4 the bloodletting. 
"good morning internet. my iPod touch might come today  (even if it does, I'm not using it until sunday.)"
wants to go to a baseball game doesnt care who...someone take me 
"@friendlypharm  too bad it's true, for the most part "
Another day another... coach load of Brummies 
@Candacegirrl Thank God I don't have to take bio! 
awake.... on the phone  txt me!
"10 blisters from last night's gig, 4 of which have turned/are turning into ulcers of sorts. Still, same gig tonight, again. "
wants to find time for scrapbooking 
@therealsavannah  dream - miley cyrus? YEAH!! amazing 
@economicwoman That's way too sweet - thanks for the kind words!  
"Dear Mr Rudd... Fiber-To-Home? I'll believe it when I see it... And when I see it, I'll hump it  http://ff.im/1XYYd"
"Dansu o shimasho. Ne, ne? Hip hop combo in front of adult hippidy hoppers--not cool. hip hop combo-mint. hip hop isolation- awesome "
is it night everywhere? or any daylight there.. 
@bondibeachgirl great! just enjoying my coffee while the boys are out at footy training 
Just audited an amazing acting class. So excited to start now! 
http://twitpic.com/2y5d4 - my senior picture 
Back from work time for my morning coffee!!! 
"@nmogha9 I've never seen that movie, but I like the quote "
I love my toothpaste. 
"@MabelleK Hola! Yes, one of these days!  Good knight! "
"Hey, hey, hey! Today's my last day!!!! "
"Coachella next weekend!!!!!!!!!! Paul, i'll be seeing you there....  pure happiness "
is watching Twilight for the millionth time. 
@MindyNeedsHubby hey you...how's the husband search going ? spring is in the air...ripe time for the pickin' 
Chriiiiiiiiiiiist i'm tired...too old for this shizzit nowadays!  think will go get a cup of joe to wake me up
Stick around ... we will soon unveil Hacker Evolution for the iPhone/iPod 
love the jonas brothers 
Taken my black 2 sleep Good Night Twitter Familyyyyyyyyyyyy  / if u aint hierd the new music listen now myspace.com/russianrullet1 Enjoy
tweetstats and wordle just amused me for half an hour. good times 
It happens to me loads. If you reply - my ID is ramdomthoughts NOT randomthoughts - I spell it wrong deliberately. 
@Monica_Hughes heyyyyy missy! Welcome 
"@derivadow Life's to short to Scoble it. Did you read Gillmor article re FriendFeed: '15 journalists, technologists, and Robert Scoble.' "
"@Natikirk hey, thanks for follow  enjoy"
Good morning everyone! Got a package from Granma...let's see what's inside! 
GOING TO BED! NIGHT! 
"Close my eyes, all I see is dresses. LMAO. Listening to James Blunt's &quot;Same Mistake&quot; "
"@timlovejoy aye, hardly suitable for me to watch at work, had to close it down sharpish "
is last day of uni tomorrow 
@ddlovato I just saw your interview with katie &amp; karleigh!!  you're so awesome demi! I hope you'll come to germany one day 
"@edinatl yup, HAWX is awesome, I love that game  Co-Op multiplayer taking on tanks, bombers, fighters! It's amazingly fun "
"Dear God, thanks for a great day.  Now please help me through these 2 midterms   And...into Notre Dame?  AMEN!  Good night!"
Ahah LOL  oh tom and dougie. FUNNY BOIZ
@marshawrites Thanks so much! 
@suehenry Great thank you I might chat with him. Thanks 
@huesudito De moment em queden 4 temporades de The Wire  i vaig a comenï¿½ar amb Mad Men...
"TCK is going to bed. When I wake up, it's warm up and get to work!  Goodnight World!"
"@billglover Yeah, and then call forwarding to my Chinese cell phone. Want to test local call to # -&gt; cell, and I can't call myself "
Weekend was crazy! 3 parties and got back together with my girlfriend  things are going great
Second attempt:hi Stefan!youï¿½re so pretty! 
@janelle73 love you little baby sister.... cant wait til next semester 
did some tafe work and am going to do more tomorrow when im at mummas place.. going up for another baking day 
@susanstn it is more abt u r heart and where u want to go in Biz  As for love that is a different question LOL 
@mrgarylee Awww that was nice! Thanks  and of course you are very welcome!
"@miss_tattoo I wish you could, too!  I'm hopin' to get that facetime!  gotta give him that scarf ASAP! should I go a day before or 2?!"
lawl I killed this guy's dog and then 1HKO'd him  http://artheido.mybrute.com/tf/449466
@dougiemcfly yell something like angelina jolie's on the tele! worked with my dog 
Had a really good day today. Now it's  time for bed.  
eating ice cream 
"@SaphInfection Oh, OK. That explains it. And puts my universe back into balance a bit. "
"going to chase some pills with some vodka, should be interesting "
@guardian_renata  you'll have to persuade them 
@Melissa808 no pillow for you! hehee... I hope you're layover isn't too long.  Almost there!
@andyclemmensen haha ur gonna get waay pissed at us. ur using that pic i sent u as ur facebook picture!!  read the message i sent u on fb
"eleonoraelitoday I've got b-day  yay I wish, that some celebrities wish me happy b-day xP haa xD it'll never happen ..."
"@RulerofDazzle Right. Ok. Already had that. I'm sorry, I thought I missed something else. I didn't mean to look dense. "
"@TheEllenShow Oh, Ellen... Please tell me Dr. Manhatten was wearing clothes!  Know that the GF was a little shocked when we saw Watchmen"
@ExpectToConnect i'll be sure to  look forward to seeing it!
"I'm going to shop with my BFF today, it's gonna be fun  i can't wait"
"@timdp, which train? "
i think its time for a myspace eedit.. i just ceebs doing it.. besides i am writing my diary for amelia 
@Jon_Favreau http://twitpic.com/2x2e6 - That's awesome! 
Hey fellow Tweeters please follow BGLuxuryBandB  Huge things coming really soon! Super Super cute stuff 
just got done watching HAARP for like the 5th time now. amazing dvd. 
@sian_the_mouse yay! a duck! if i want anything watching me it'd be a duck!  lol
@nick_carter check it out  http://www.bored.com/pranksite/index.htm
Setting up new systems for contributors 
The sun is shining! Can I get work squeezed into a morning and escape for an afternoons walking? 
@vavroom thats ok I have eye fillet coming in about 6 minutes 
got up to take the Mr to work on his birthday 
@ShannaMoakler I'm afraid to fly too. What do you do when you HAVE to? I usually pop ativan and valium. Or maybe Ambien.  Works ok!
@RonGetzLucky hello!!! Thanks for sayin hi!! I hope you like to watch!! 
@bebe33 He's got other qualities... I'm pretty lucky 
"checking out diigo for #openaustralia #publicwhip for UK &gt; Aus parliamentary info translation, unless you'd like to bring some Lords over "
"Everyone except me seems very busy doing something today..  When everyone works I chills, when everyone chills I works  LOL!"
@rosenstand @anderssaugstrup [uk] It's hard to tweet [dk] &quot;I dag har Anders fï¿½dselsdag..&quot; [dk] within just 140 characters 
@TregorySullivan w00t! I rate 78% of your @ asshattery? Awesome! Now I need to follow the other people you bug. 
Too cute for words. 
my flow so tight 
...feeling better . I'll be fine...I guess...I hope... 
@ainaalano gonzo...continued from last post 
I have the greatest boyfriend 
@abacab1975 yep...off to work soon 
@dougiemcfly morning mr poynter  ur up early
"My sister is currently telling me how 21 year olds should be at the bar, not reading books. Maybe I'll take a book to the bar with me "
enjoying the nice weather 
@trendhunter Very nice pics! Thanks for sharing it  
@Hollywood_Trey 
is so anxious for thursday! I can't wait to see mike its been 3 and a half months! 
"@FinancegradTH Some days I have too much to say. Not a bad thing to be at a loss for words, you use your brain for much greater things. "
Ordered my DSi and GTA. Can't wait 
"@Mjamme I'd like to put myself forward as one of your 100 men. I can't tick any of the boxes, but I'm a nice guy anyway. "
@radcs when are you putting a photo up? 
"oh wait, thunderstorms tomorrow?! ohSHIT, then YAY!!!!  i love love love thunderstorms! g'night again haha"
@gwane and I'd go with either a nose ring or an eyebrow bar... In my opinion 
what that - dissertation script is finished and with his tutor for final reading  COME ON!
@SITSGirls it does indeed. hope you are well too! why are you awake at this hour? 
http://twitpic.com/2y5h0 - Ukey my new uke 
@KateKendall me too! Nice work Kate 
@sannewielenga thank you 
@JMatthewFlyzik &quot;i poke her face&quot; by kid cudi feat. kanye west and common is better 
"off to work now,tweet you guys at lunchbreak "
talking to @davids2nd ...can't wait to hear the track david and @neljay Recorded 
designing my graduation announcements 
@joshinthecity Well i'll have you know I got one. AND and Iron. AND a heater. WAY DOMESTICATED 
is getting ready to install our BI stack again 
"today I've got b-day  yay I wish, that some celebrities wish me happy b-day xP haa xD it'll never happen ..."
@abhisheknagar quite similar to what happened with GW Bush in Iraq 
"@Zygoatsalami  sure, we need to get together to brainstorm up some blueprints."
"Mum, if you're reading this I just want you to know I think you rock.  We shall enjoy the 400 together "
"@unitechy I found the answers, Thanks "
@CHRISDJMOYLES I`m excited for you  I have no idea why your going but it must be all good
"@MANDY_EMMERSON I know you do, Go TEAM GB "
@LFTA ...And Prince - Erotic City (Feat. Shelia E) 
DONE dun dun.  I guess we're getting off the computadora. Night.
shopping shopping shopping!  I'm in desperate need of some shorts n stuff for Spain! B-)
@mcflykaiserflik sam and dean  i'm in the modd for watching it now...
"@annikarae That's a superb picture, doll face "
"Although I am heading back to PC land for a some time, I'd still like a Mac Pro at some point  http://is.gd/r9zI"
"@oedesigner great link, it can certainly help a lot that's for sure! just got to know what to do and what not to do "
first i gotta set up some other anti spyware programs to give my dearest Spybot some company 
It's great to know to be in your thoughts!!and...yes..we are lucky. 
"@KavisMusings [Two mules cant make a race horse] Interesting. But, I've read that mules are smarter than horses &amp; do more work "
@Halliway danke 
@babysitterdirec I was one of 5 kids  We didn't go on many holidays; there was too much to organize lol!
I have worked out how to Integrate Twitter into a web page 
Follow Follow Follow lmaoo 
www.killerjo.net try not to focus on science 
TIme to head off and start another day of work.. hope ya'll have a good one.. catch you when I return 
"@RealPaulRudd , nice interview On Letterman!! I love your personality, charm and  sense of humor... "
"Birthday wknd was a success, and got some, and then some "
On my way to a business coaching client. I look forward to It! 
@nicolerichie yes I had all the books as a child 
@mariapetersen I'll try my best to be at the Heather tomorrow for the tweetup 
"@bronte_saurus Being a grownup with no responsibilities is awesome, though. "
@brandyfan4life glad to see you here... I heart other Brandy fans  goodnight!
"@levimorales well, i'm doing good here as well  and having fun at the same time. have a wonderful week as well "
"Believe it or not, I actually did it... "
@beastoftraal so the bata line will change from &quot;the world at your feet&quot; to &quot;the world in your face&quot; 
@gajgupta i see u r into gardening these days.. not bad 
Finally is a VERIFIED PayPal member 
just watched &quot;how to lose a guy in 10 days&quot;. i might have cried a little 
@cartman +1 
@ricklondon oh now who is comfortably Dumb 
We're on most sessions in #AdTech Paris btw. Feel free to DM or reply to meet 
@aulia @savitri - I definitely missed something  It's my first ;)
@OfficialPRofOZ back at ya 
@mpesce they leave it on the street and string the hose up over the balcony 
"@CiaranCuffe  #bludget #B09 But Budget 09 happened in October, remember? "
@InnaLA_RE It is very simple.. Use firefox or IE n just copy the updates n paste it.. 
@sian_the_mouse woot!!!!!! 
"vegetarian recipe, a great experiment "
i love to drink... water! so pure  today was a GOOD DAY!
Dull greyish day in Brussels. Wearing C&amp;S Nï¿½88 from a sample and loving it as usual. Will definitely be buying it at some point... 
"@Tsarnick  Man, cheese popcorn on Food Network! Me want!"
@DHughesy You can actually swear you know lol. there's even somewhere that counts your swears.much fun...www.cursebird.com 
@Neil_Duckett Cool pics. In Kyoto geisha are usually called &quot;Maiko&quot; 
its 3:33am and I'm finally going to bed! 
"@jnarin oh i didnt know what you were talking about. got it now. while i cant imagine, i am sure they dont realise what it means. "
Little work out was good  Specially since we were watching the Hills at the same time lol
Watched &quot;Snatch Wars&quot;. Hilarious! Cheers @twll  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDKiQfBs9lo&amp;fmt=18
"Just added myself to the Twitter Directory, you should too  http://justtweetit.com/graphic-designers/"
Just getting ready for work oh joy is me! Roll on holiday 
"Apparently I was playing Risk on a railroad track, HARDCORE RISK PLAYER 4 LIFE!!! "
@anbudan_BALA agreed &amp; accepted sir. 2 mistakes are not UNPARDONABLE 
"If you could see me now! Sat here with Tartan blanky across my lap like OAP, hair looking like a knitted rug, bright pink Pj's &amp; a smile! "
@ninaneverknew i'll be there as well! maybe tomorrow 
"Followers, The More The Merrier! "
"studying for a test, designing 2 logos, starting on my final project, and playing with InDesign. totally happy "
@dougiemcfly have fun 
can't wait to see cody wednesday  i love my boyfrieeennd
"OK..one hour and counting, 4 days off and going to enjoy every minute of it! hair done, spa, kickboxing, hiking!!! ahhh can't wait  "
how come only audrey updates twitter. i need to follow more people.... sorry audrey 
@ginoserge Now look SERGE don't try to escape your identity  hehe  How are you man?
"working, tweeting, facebooking and enjoying a raspberry mocha latte "
"@somemandy blum boleh dong, maaf ibu hamil "
"Ok, sun not shining now, but still happy "
I got a half-decent night's sleep. 
Good Morning! Determined 2 make it sweeter than b4... 
Eventbox testen.. 
"in the meantime, trying to figure out a new background for my twitter "
Is about to go home 
@radiogrinch Hi Grinch! I really would like to here your English podcast even if taking in consider the fact I am native Russian speaker 
Welcome to the Coffee OnLine Twitter page! Please feel free to follow us in the Twitter World! 
My mate is currently on Deal or No deal!  
@DonnieWahlberg hoping to come to Chicago for a third time!  You are competing with No Doubt this summer though 
@mamlamarquise Beautiful earrings! Very gentle 
"Starting a new day, a rainy day but inside me the sun allways shines! "
@1indienation use it on apps. 
"Will it work, won't it. Will it work, won't it.   "
@TimNoonan you should buy an ex army hummer... wouldn't matter if you ran into anything 
is amused that she gets to 'bully' her aunt at work!    
@CHRISDJMOYLES next time come to Hemel Hempstead 
@Willie_Day26 
@beautifulpyre Thanks for the Vodou Music.  Just what I need to send me to sleep.  
@tomblackuk because its great lol. Just finished 
is playing SUPERPOKE PETS ..  http://plurk.com/p/n09nq
I found my motto: If you hit on my woman I will hit you 
it was SOOO simple...but i knew i would get it!!  *smiles REALLY big* good night!
"Does anyone know where I can get real copper ear wires in the UK, I don't want copper effect, I need the real thing, help me please! "
@AmineB whassup? 
Listening to the sleepy ramblings of Emily... I'm sure it is a very interesting story 
really likes diet cherry vanilla dr. pepper. its amazingness in a bottle 
I just finished the seat of my bench! But enough Maya - I'm going to sleep now. Hope to finish it tomorrow. I'm going to dream in 3D... 
I've always wanted to try that...  http://www.bypassfirewallnow.com - &amp; guess what - It works!!
"@nrlfanclub I know, crap site huh? "
@FUCKCITY dude you're totally rocking the stache!! Avocardo handrolls are so damn good.. Thanks for dinner insirstion Andy 
@Solarys_30 Thanks 
gotta finish off with the remaining 30 MCs left in the morning 
@voidet hey! What have you been up to? 
Got a 3.5 in French!      bobo sa exam!  YEY! 75% lang haha///
@stephenpearne morning 
trying to work out exctly how Twitter works...shouldn't take too long lol 
@wandaharland i will continue to smuggle whole crates in my bra then! 
"@isedo sush, memory- champ  Good morning honey "
@akshatk Heh! It was hilarious! But why do they always miss!!??! 
"@makeupbylinvia read your blog, LOVE the pics, i wish i could do that lol "
@BrokenRoses haha yes it did  i'll just say that my parents aren't available or whatever. you know for chi1 it isn't cumpulasary. ffs
@robs_maid with the flashing. at me specifically 
@bulhaa libey thaa libigannaaaashe.... goooood miadhu ekkoh ves nidhaa... 
"@waivethesale Yes! FM, the best way to listen to the radio  Will be very sad if it's switched off. I like DAB, but FM ... *sigh*"
@imalexevans omfg you watch skins?! you're officially perfect! 
@j0anna_rae   lol... it is a great series. I like the 3rd book the best! 
@AdamBuxton1 yayy. You guys are up for 4 sony awards.  *does small dance*
Had such a good time tonight...it was needed...thanks sistahs! 
@Metroknow what? so early? lame. 
@peekay id say the interaction is greater on Iain's show...real time wise. Plus A&amp;J are nominated else where so fingers crossed for Iain 
"@0xdeadbeef yup, looks expensive. But in the states people get a boat or a car as &quot;lï¿½nefï¿½rmï¿½n&quot;, maybe you need a new monitor?? "
Morning All.  Reading the Secret and it Works 
am in an Internet cafe somewhere in Los Banos...need to submit something 
is talking about twitter and similar stuff 
Made a Time Table for Blogging for the first time! Hope it works well for me 
@felipezee I have to disagree... he is cute until you look at him. 
@dagfinnr  any reason in particular?
10 things i hate about you  then bed
"is thinking about focusing more. I don't want to be known as one of these people: ???? = all talk, no action. Goodbye online world! "
@warrenparkinson the production is called Block Party. We dance while playing and making constructions with huge blocks 
"@DonnieWahlberg ok, so you reading this is highly unlikely but i don't care cuz i can't sleep..suggestion..If you go away..just a thought "
@theollymann sounds like you celebrated the nomination properly!  best of luck. so excited for you all! 
@hanseric You can call me Faith. 
listening to music... 
@thisismyiq goodnight luv 
"@MinaMeow I decided against it a while ago.  But, im a statistics and research geek   so, the information is fascinating to me."
"@kaleenka I've never been to a casino, far too poor!!! "
@musiqvixen yay ali you have this  u will get hooked its fun
weeeee!!!!! just found sum sweet old music 
@thejacksonfiles 
Just had my bath. 
"good morning...still at miris house, but today i will be alone again...so my best friend give me a call "
"&quot;best decision of my week. I mean, like, not my whole week.&quot; "
@litrik I prefer dutch hosters ... you can still drive there and don't feel guilty when you are kicking their asses 
@nova937music wow! artistic 
smaaack that ass! hahhahahaa  i make myself laugh!! oOooOh sleeeep! ahha g'niite!
"@rnmetty Yeah, I think you're right. Just kinda annoying to be ignored. Oh well. "
"Guitar Learning System   http://www.extremetech.com/article2/0,2845,2344543,00.asp"
trying to work out exactly how Twitter works...shouldn't take too long lol 
Sinon Hello twitter 
having a day off 
@boobsie_lu oh before i forget.. you gotta go see montell jordan friday cuz yo man t shammond is performing.. ahahhaha!  good night love.
@tommcfly i reckon you guys should do radio 1's big weekend! if your worried you wont have a place to stay ill happily give up my bed 
in-laws and b-day boy carlos are all in dreamland. i'm so happy they are here.     
repeating 'thats the point of twitter' many times 
@meyuy  means u should go and shop new pants  
"@la_oof Hmm, for that, I would need to know what a splash page was   The graphic on the first page is a vector  of an old TLR.  That it?"
@alexiaaa well i like them better than the chocolate and milk (?) ones 
@AndyVV Win! I would suck at the beer tasting one... but it would be good for a laugh! 
Just installed Facebook and Twitterific apps to iPod. I'm excited! These are neat! 
@SaphInfection Because...the Simpsons! At your fingertips! Especially the early seasons that don't get rerun much. Sweet/neat/cool/etc. 
"@irfanahmed It's always good to meet up with people, and drinks (even Coca Cola) help  Meet-ups aren't huge, but regular &amp; friendly."
@joeallam Challenge Exceeded! Nicely done sir 
@tyefighter Green and blacks? 
Ahhh...signs of life in twitter land 
"@Chris_A_Smith OMG ASTRO WARS - I remember  spending AGES playing it! loved that game - played it very recently, my mum kept it pristine "
A weekend of Pure Awesomeness ahead... 
So excited about my 30 min yoga session ahead of me  Followed up by berocca and goats yoghurt  ooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmm
@coffeeonline I really hope to visit someday.  Seems like a lovely place.  
@sh00nya bad thing is i need to work more on it.... 
Oooo and i might be meeting someone in york about singing 
@johnlloydyoung Which one? Seems the JB blog is asking you for clues 
@amazondotjon http://twitpic.com/2xx4r - sweeeeet picture if only i could see his face haha sweet sunnies tho...i want them 
"So you guys think ur so cool with ur bromances, well guess what we have homances! Thats right im in a homance with @StefanieErin "
@desieliz don't forget you owe me eightfive dollah ho!  lol
SOOO TIRED. Should go to sleep earlier....but I can't!   Today's danceable tune: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5PK-D4bgo_Y
@Josephine__B  hey hye you Twitter addict   i have something interesting to tell you tmoz im off to soccer xo
Funny kid gives the evil look - Pretty damn funny  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_U7TXqwCJc
@suziam I have that movie on DVD! 'Twas a childhood favourite 
congratulates WeenKee on two adorable little guineapig babies whose names @blackshtef is going to crowdsource... Right? 
@chrislmar well if not sleep you should have stayed -- showers don't take four hours 
"today I've got b-day  yay I wish, that some celebrities wish me happy b-day xP haa xD it'll never happen ..."
"@JolijnPosthuma Don't think  I'm saying that am I?!  as for your example one ZC doesn't mean a thing, but a set of all valid ZCs does!"
@mojosanjay Nice suggestion to Tharoor's team on the use of Social Media. HIs asst must have responded. I believe he is on Twitter now 
Bring on the bank hol weekend 
Danni is sleeping this is her sis brittbut shell be on tomorrow maybe 
Meatloaf- I love it! 
@britzillah heyy i gots your package! Awww i have soo much to read up on!  Thanks forrr everythingggg and you're ice cool as well!
Off to have a shower 
Good morning twitter world 
@JamesARay It's good to be in your dreams. 
I'm uploading VEDA 7 as we speak 
Watching part one of the &quot;Who was Jesus&quot; trilogy from discovery channel  on dvr. 
"@gabbler well you are a Charming Man, after all "
@sarallenconsult habe not tried that - I love watching movies and I get to watch 5 or 6 back to back !!! How cool is that 
@itsdawns got a grade of 100/100 on @grader.  Check it out:  http://twitter.grader.com/itsdawns WHHHOOOHOO YAHOOOOO and YEHHAAA now what 
@bkGirlFriday i'd have to guess it's food-related: pixie stix or maybe  ... a Hostess treat like ding-dongs? 
@styler i can come along i think now  am making a button necklace tonight 
going to soccer  yeahhhh
"http://www.deezer.com/track/2577641 On a nice day, I don't care what they say ! Ready for this nice day "
ok i'm being daring and wearing shorts and flip flops today 
@katehughes he has been like that for some time! there is also the paxman ! dont get me started 
@Tyrese4real Goodnight 
"Is watching a zombie movie with paul, her random late night visitor. "
@you_know_better ??????? ??? ?? ??? 
"@stephaniekate85 If I have one, I will! "
@abisignorelli Great article.. Personally I think he should tell F1 to stuff it and go and race Indy Car in the US.. 
Im off to work in a mo and am excitied about getting things ready for my new flat 
@hoccgoomusic  Goo ~ what made you so happy?   just wondering~~~
@ceetee Talk about dedicated service 
@sammymax Just chomped on your seaweed. And liked it 
loves music 
woo. its late! haha  goodnight twitterverse! xoxo
Morning all. Good to see all your avatars are back  felt a little 'twilightish' there for a bit  haha
@ShermanHu the last thing a woman needs is another man who's fast &amp; furious 
@mileycyrus counting sheep doesn't work.. Trick is.. Trying to stay awake. 
@litrik none of them    I deal with locals I trust 
@AdrianaLemus always happy to use them on.. ah.. for you. 
@RussellCrowbar On my skates 
Waheyy my cold is getting much better  It looks like it's going to be a good day today!!!! 
@mlvalentine Merci! (Now I need to go find it before it falls off the stream... !) Say hi to Sophie for me 
My 6 canvases ... #30da (30 day artist experience) watch this hash tag all this month  http://twitpic.com/2y5rd
"@matthew858 also, you can use http://www.chombo.com.au/images/100meg.test to determine your throughput to our servers "
@RealHughJackman Wow...I had lunch at Dooley's @ Silverwater and thought THAT was a nice way to spend a couple of working hours...you win 
what a great day  8 readings straight and still going ! love the room at Chakra in Acland St it has the best energy !
I LOVE TWITTER!! 2 days till Sam's 16th YAY!! 
On the way to work! Looking forward to seeing @hollykins83 later! 
"todays diet: 2 packets of chips, 2 apples, lots of maccas, biscuits and sultana cake "
Just had a fabulous day at disney land 
@mileycyrus hey Mi! how r u doing? ;P Greetings from Poland 
"Countdown: 7:16 h until my vacation will start  8 days off, better than nothing. "
@TinkerDel I'm getting my son and god kids over to bake a cake....my sister might have a easter hunt for the kids 
"@balmain_belle bad news on the rejections, but all you need is 1! "
Happy Birthday my dear Love 
sitting at home and listen to my fav music 
"@Framusic Ciao !!Come stai ?! Im in school during my Italian lesson, just thinking of you  Im in holiday this saturday, I cant wait! Love!"
@darrinreeves &quot;tate st ives&quot;...like the roof cafe 
"@Jamaipanese but, you may want to be jumping in my suitcase in, oh, around August. Announcement to come soon "
@vampiravalo for my birthday which is in June...Either Razorblade Romance or Deep Shadows and Brilliant Highlights would be cool. 
@Pussycat253 it will all be worth it in the end 
watching a family movie with the kids - precious 
Chatting online 
"@danielakrocks I hope so , If I hear anything I will post it here "
I'm loving it...this time da pre poll drama is at its best n surely will reach its crescendo! 
hols are going great  suns out every1 is happy wot more cud i ask for XD
And if you want privacy what you are you doing on twitter??? 
"@Mattdavelewis  good Morning ,Matt ! have a smileriffic Day !!     "
"@theDebbyRyan yknow, you look a little like Selena. "
"@amethystfirefly If that doesn't work, we'll upload the pic. We snagged it "
@mileycyrus Wow! It is officially napping now. Good Luck..... 
@LelahG  u already know
"@mileycyrus haha still up? i've tried it about 10 times and it only worked once, at like 100 haha . goodluck! and goodnight!  &lt;3"
Looking forward to the meeting with Pastor Kong and JW later! 
I saw the sun blazing through my window and just had to get out of bed... lush 
Has a craving to go to the Burswood soon  been too long!! 
Okay be safe v (ictoria) 
@markress Mucvhly welcome. 
@wafflesgirls  that is a LOT of cats...reasoning behind such a decision?
@lucasdiaz how do you have it already?? gosh i'm thrilled 
@ysnjen its not the quantity of your users.. its the quality of your users  .. social media metrics!
"@rustyrockets Russell dear, will you go to prom with me? "
"Part 3: long before the US became afraid of the words fuck, cock, pussy and so on   RAW is Delirous and DELIRIOUS is raw  5 out of 5"
"Cookieex3 @lund91  Hahaaa, Thankyou(: The next episode of Silence is out soon "
@sian_the_mouse 
Morning everyone 
@bloghamptons that was an great story.  I remember last year that someone did that at a starbucks and it kept going down the line 
"@leebrownhill unfortunately its hard not to be sometimes, hope todays better for you "
@7EpicBloggers  WOOOT It's my turn to blogg! 
Is going to a theme park 
yes! Bulls on Parade/Sleep Now in the Fire! perfect combo! 
@renesebastian jay for outlook! 
@scrufus @rochvergara Thanks! I'll look into them 
itttsss redsox seasonnnnnn 
BRITNEY is DEFINITELY a 'put on a show' kinda girl!!  B L A S T!!
@wenlock Thank you! Will try to take you up on that offer soon 
@Johnnyrecorder Just lovely 
@glen_george i've been drinking so much thums up in the same hope.. there is a apache rtr160 every hour 
Not even 9am and I'm already advanced with my today's plans. It's gonna be a productive day  I'll watch 24 during lunch...
@LdyDisney I want that in writing - like maybe a personalized signature in your new book... 
I can't go to sleep! let's conversate 
@Tyrese4ReaL GOOD NIGHT MR GIBSON. 
@doubleickey u know those minichocolates in the shape of liquor bottles? with liqour inside em 
http://twitpic.com/2y5s2 - PIC of me n my boo! MINE MINE allllll mine  My tiny little boo is thee best.
@imranhussain craving = irrational lust for something that isn't explained by actual need 
@duanestorey I heard is your birthday today? Congratulations &amp; Happy Birthday! Hope you have a great great day. 
Seems that I'm having one of my &quot;kewl-mooded&quot; dayz somehow  Probably. Or I should drink less coffee?.. O_o argh. Need to buy coffee.
@Kimalone thanks! 
Ugh shaney not shandy silly predicitve text. Foe the record I don't like shandys but I like shaney 
reading writing and CP'ing 
@mswilliamsmusic  Hope ur having a great night hun n that ur feeling better.
@Babybandit my sister is like really good so i don't need to shout at her or something  makes my job easier. its fun working with kids 
"im soo tired. But i have my hat now, graduation hat mom started crying when i had it on  Love u mom, and my Tiger"
"@tesslee thanks, i prefer to keep my memories as it is... "
@minalagarwal I was referring to ur previous tweet about u (rather you'll) doing it. Way to go putting it all out there on Twittersphere 
I have the urge to get the old microscope up and running. 
@duccky well there you go!  and no prob!
"was eating ham=o, i am pretty bored sooooo you should talk to me "
CHINA - your input / quotes for next month's article in a Beijing mag. it's titled &quot;The Self Diagnosed China Expert&quot; ...ooh. disruptive. 
"today I've got b-day  yay I wish, that some celebrities wish me happy b-day xP haa xD it'll never happen ..."
"on Twitter, Facebook, Bebo, iTunes, and checking emails  i feel clever"
@candyoh13 that was me 2 days ago 
@sengming woh congrats. do blog abt it - we're planning on a kinabalu trip too - mebbe in 2010 
@stpolky still in retro mode I see  showing your age ;)
@WULFFBOY aww..stop it....  u know i love ya
going too guitarr lessons 
@irfanhaneefcl 4 what ?? 
@JonathanRKnight Aaah ur tweets always bring a smile to my face! Glad to hear ur enjoyin this ride as much as we are. Thank you 
"I think I may often be a forgetful, irresponsible, pain in the ass. You'll be relieved to know that I'm working on it. "
coronation street 
"@prisofreedom you bet I will.  but I mean, not JUST for you. HEHEHEE,"
http://twitpic.com/2y5ut - @nicholasbraun there you go 
@joomlaworks Im in 
@skoop 'cause it's exactly those kinds of movements in the wrists that cause it :/ but maybe I'm wrong. You'll see 
I'm on the computer veing cold because i'm so bored plus i'm texting people 
"Friboourg Liipers: Stay at home, there's no more space in zurich "
got some new jeans 
@rustyrockets did you know that you were in a dutch newspaper the other day? 
is drooling over Paul Walker. Cant wait for FAST &amp; Furious 
"Morning Tweeps, Hi-Score podcast episode 2 recording today. Dr Zack is hopefully picking up our mixer today to ensure better sound!! "
"@NickiCawood lol, we think too much "
yay dancing with the stars in 40min!  haha wata nerrrd
"@emandeleon sta mesa, hmmm not really sure but hey its in manila , i can get by.. "
reading David Wells 'The Courage to be Protestant' - marketeers &amp; emergents run for your life!  http://bit.ly/QBgN
@Whatleydude you're a star  cheers!
"@blackshtef Willy and Wonka maybe, so you could say WeenKee Willy Wonka, could be fun in certain situations "
not paying attention at uni!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i love annie willatt passionatley with a portia salad on the side
"@Jennifalconer cool, apart from @stephenfry on @wossy show, I have not seen anything twitter related on tv - I am sure it will be great "
"@vulcanella Awesome. I &lt;3 CCC  It's very easy,so I'll bet you go fine with it"
@RespectTheWest ha! i have a cam in my laptop but doubt my clients would go for it 
"@TechWraith @Mettadore Yup. As I've said before: &quot;If it has an API, we'll dashboard it.&quot; "
@badmonkeh That's always a given when it comes to anything touched by the Government (Myki is a perfect example) - but I'm just a cynic 
@bogues26 Bye! Have a Good Night! 
"@alefragisp, @kapsali, just saw your tweets, glad you liked the post "
"@greenshines si, por favor!! "
@SarahSaner Good luck with that 
My wife looks beautiful when she sleeps 
FINALLY!!! WE GOT LEFT 4 DEAD TO WORK MULTI MINUS STEAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we need a 4th! who's down? 
@UtopiaArmoury Bedtime at 4am!! LOL  Get some rest!!  It's great to have you on board!  
"@weisslu Friends do, but then other times being home-alone with a bottle of wine or bubbly, good movie and the bathtub does well too "
All clear! All important data restored! Now I have to setup my working Mac againï¿½ Thanks to Buddha for incremental backups 
"@Adoracion i know!!! i'm excited to watch it too!!!! i have to DVR it for the boyfriend also, how silly is that?! "
@crispyteriyaki LOL! best mind you words! 'specially around these parts!  ????????
Testing to see if twitter works thro facebook 
@Gailporter Is that for #TheGadgetShow? 
@renesebastian why don't you switch to #gmail? I've used it for a while now and I love it 
@perrins it's like a classroom on here this morning 
"Sweet dreams to you, Jared. "
@anuheajams great news! can't wait to see you live in SD  
"@andreasauwaerte @cristinacost @wollepb I'll do my best, sharing pic as well,  but it will be on saturday, before that, working  THANKS!!"
@brandozines ahhhh yes! great wedding  did you guys have a good night?
Nespresso in my office - present from my boss - damn this roXX... zeker nu! 
talking to him is amazing;  i love my navyboyy;;&lt;33
"@BrandzHD Yes !! My brain is not thinking straight lol, Thank you, Brandz "
Pro-wrestling style tokusatsu! ?????? ??????? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0nkPrb9xXls I'm trying to find the one with Tiger Mask  
@tractorqueen I read it! That's why I thot it was him.  Btw did you read my meatballs comment????
@Gailporter have a great day! 
now awake 
"Not quite sure who this sleeping kid is, but pretty sure I want to keep him. "
@gilmoregirlc i hope so too!!! and i'll vote for you! 
Thank You All for the Warm Wishes.!!! 
Is working 
@mulatta @laerwen GB game planned before movie. Original GBs in 3rd movie as &quot;mentors&quot; - think aintitcool.com has info on main page 
"OK, maybe today I will get near the beach, and maybe not! "
NIGHT babies. Got a VH1 thing in the am  Check out my pics! http://twitpic.com/2y57u http://twitpic.com/2xzl1 http://twitpic.com/2y5s2
Populating an online shop with Home Automation goodies! 
Whoa js last twitter right as I was going to sleep ...  Epic  night all
My macro objective is amazing. 
@the_middleman you are the lucky number  I hope you like the book. Will send it asap.
"@Ben_Grubb Oh, that's quite a lineup!  @Custard_Socks and I were tempted to go but we're doing too many recordings right now as it is ;)"
Catching up with 24 
@alexpuig PHPTAL of course  I don't like mixing 2 types of syntax and having to remember to escape variables. OPT2 looks good too.
@chermedia se la pete en amphi a tours   http://twitpic.com/2y5vh
@lammb Morning    hows you?
@mswilliamsmusic I'm chilling. God blessed me w/ another day so how can I NOT smile u know? Goodnight! Hope 2 talk 2 u again soon 
250 miles from home and its nice and sunny 
"@paddydonnelly yeah they rock, so not suprising I love them. I'd love to use them but I think actually they are too classy for my blog "
And HELLO to you all! 
News Ltd team: you quoted me: all is forgiven (just promise not to threaten to sue again  )  http://is.gd/r9HE
"Wearing my crocs for the 1st time of the year, without socks... Summer is on the way. "
"Amazing. It worked! I know i'm not a genius but still, result. "
Jus watched fast n furious 4! not gonna lie SOME bad part other than it was sick! Fast cars + beautygirls that can drive fast cars = LOVE 
"Mkay. Done packing for the most part, and Ready for bed. Next twit, in California! haha Night everyone "
"I can't fall asleep,and bre is Knocked out,I should Mess with her, n wake to up!, THAT will MAKE her So MAD!.hmm.I think I will "
"@notytony Footage, yes. Slip of the pun, I think. "
is glad for today and wishing the best for his love 
@kadence987 I prefer Superman's Dead...or their version of Tomorrow Never Knows from The Craft.  
"@mileycyrus hey I've always thought that, infact I always pray that way 4 my friends 2, u will b suprised 2 knw who they r!!! "
Wrote so intensively that it took a few songs to realize Spotify play had moved on from PMMP's new album to PMMP's children album. 
I am watching South park while smoking to Bowls LOL 
@stefanooldeman My pleasure 
@mileycyrus Gosh! You're up late aren't you. Can you not sleep or something? 
@babythebear I love you 
@KingArlen come and visit Australia 
@ohhxchristmas yesssss yay 
my deck 
says done with the report! Set-up new project next.  http://plurk.com/p/n0cic
Really tired. Goodnight everyone! 
"@puerrom that's because @shvi is on holidays, not because everyone else is here "
"@HowardReprise Aww, sorry to hear that Mr Reprise. Hope you're ok. We can go out and get drunk later if you want "
"@JessicaHamby Minx, I bet you have not watched Harry Potter either? Another movie night maybe? "
At work again 
@Astartiel lol. i love ghost hunters. 
"money well spent, even if it's pretty much a weeks pay "
@steiger congrats! Get ready for a million more subscribers 
@NiuB You bet. Maybe time to try the pizza home delivery 
Working on new features for twitter-patter.com - launch in three weeks - delayed two weeks due to client additions.  
@mkaigwa ur a derailer! I've started listening to kwaito instead of doing serious studying...hmm! 
Good Morning 
@jameskysonlee That face you got &quot;stuck&quot; with in the latest #Heroes episode...priceless. Kudos to you and Masi and baby Parkman 
"Thinking of my bro who is only midway in a 15 flight, thoughts are with you, but glad I'm not "
"@caleyanne awe, haha are you for real? ahhh! thank you  this is the next big &quot;facebook&quot; or &quot;myspace&quot; haha i know it"
"Finally! For the first time as long as I can remember, I can breathe through my nose! It's the small successes which keep me going "
"can't kick a soccerball for shit, but im good at getting in the way "
You'd think the supermarket would be emptier in the morning... not. At least traffic was lighter by the time I left for work 
Can't sleep. I guess I'll read. I'm almost done with Rant by Chuck Palahniuk. 
"@drewpasmith I do... but greed is good  (and O2's iPhones data rates are prohibitive overseas, so 2 devices works out cheaper)"
@XedLos truth be told... Ross 
Jim Beaver on The West Wing! 
@sharonhayes  Thanks again!
@Heidi_Volturi see there you go again laughing at me!! it's time I go now you be good and hey get some sleep!! 
"@pmerric Will chk them out today, looking forward to their interview too. I think u r going great! Most imp.ly, it for a great cause "
@Renato71 good morning! How are you doing? Is there another @delekkersteshow in the making already? 
@_amberlovely you scared the bijebus out of me  but thankyou how lovely of you amber (_amberlovely) your username makes total sense 
@sexinstilettos its cute. and i like the name 
@jenandtonica no worried.  sleep tight 
@alexhighton Sorry only just saw your message 
Age is putting up new racks for me. The corsets will look much better 
@musewire http://twitpic.com/1ynob - Perhaps they are going to mime the new album???  
"@jemcam yes ,'Lost' from anouk this one I like a lot ;-) u know it ? Look YouTube "
"@imranajmain You talking to me? Haha. Yes, multi-tasking is a gift, but laziness just gets the best of you sometimes. You know, excuses. "
I just posted a new blog entry with some exhilarating pictures of the snack room at the Phoenix Forum  http://tinyurl.com/cp8udh
@levimorales  Cheers hope all is well with you too 
@mattsoutatown I told you I told you I told you - and finally you listened 
"@shanedawson nice meeting you, too  You should definitely come to whatever is going on Wednesday!"
@rickmav y not? 
@rustyrockets so what time is it there?? 
@tractor Oh don't you worry...I hold him 100% responsible for that!!! hahahaha 
"two big rides planned through national parks over two days ... chuck in some coffee, good company and ice cream and it's like heaven "
@MarkPavWT ok no problem  i guess the people to ask would be the ones writing the debug ui for vs 
back home from working out    and i've been eating way too much!!!
@hiannie COol! YOur back to writing and meeting the deadline thus far? 
@pink3qannie you need to upload a pic 
@CartoonBeardy Oooo! You jammy git (as ever)  I look forward to your post-tweets.
@nichelady I'm sure you'll make the time when you have it &amp; dosey - do &amp; all that good stuff... 
The sun's out again 
"In my head I'm busy with the blog, the vid and art... But I have to do the nescessary stuff now... office-work!  C Ya! "
@1MysteryGirl That was quite a while ago! 
"@TomFelton seems  2 b fun guy, watching nick at nite ,almost 4 am here in massachusetts ,US.cold too brr have a good day  !!"
motown is ALWAYS a good choice 
@skinnylatte - I wonder how you get all the funding for your travels 
@JakeJones26 haha nice. Yah I have some big things for us too.  Call at 10:00am?  Big ish poppin.  PEACE 
@JimAyson Yes yes yes to the DSi  One of the best &quot;gadgets&quot; ever made.
"@DCBTV @DCBTV I had to go check some things, buy others and look for other things "
"@adamrothwell  Funny that about to start doing ours, rest assured not a pie chart / Bar graph in sight "
the new afl ad gets me so excited for footy season 
@vilpponen It sure was a sunny day in Stockholm 
Windows 7 .. Rather Impressive !!!  Creating New OEM Branding And Answer Files to Test ! Installation Times Are Really Fast !!  
new pic 
"@iWebrarian Omgili = Oh My God I Love It. The G sounds like the G in God, the ili sounds like the &quot;eally&quot; in really "
"@perrins, d'oh  Although I still don't know which of the 47 labs in SV that is. The one in Burlingame?"
@njpaust I will indeed. 
@jaredleto until sunbeams find you 
Oh man! The only thing missing in the new FriendFeed beta for using it as a Twitter client is a ReTweet button  http://ff.im/-1Y0vX
@SammyC2 glad you liked that site Sam! at least someone appreciates it 
@dougiemcfly morning  i'm really upset  my rabbit ran away last night  and the postman woke me up early  reply? ilu x.
"@plutobob me too, dont really have much time to actually sit down and watch tv, i also watch bones "
how do I reply to a message in twitter ? Kaushal - We will take your question offline 
@andrewmeyer1 follow me back!! 
"@pamjob @SarahSaner Lyrics go &quot;tasted like cherry Chapstick&quot; tasted like Vaseline wouldn't sound so &quot;sexy&quot; now, would it "
@denhha yes maam and still going strong 
@RevImhotep Allo mate! DoomFerret put me onto your twitter id 
On Malaysia Airlines btw... supposed to be good 
@skepticabin I still like my Thunderbird!  (When it works).
@cameronolivier Thank you m8 
@jonconnelly What can I say?! 
"@cyberboff If you're going back to the Victoria era, I'll come with.  I want to steal some dresses and corsets "
"@jaredleto Goodnight Jared! btw, the yearbooks look beautiful "
@notsooglam Very true. I remember the old Degrassi back in the day too. I think adults young at heart can relate to a point as well. 
wonders whether Fukuoka knew their IATA code was going to be FUK. Two more days till I leave for FUK. 
Right. time to cook the biggest mushroom / bacon pasta in existance. and look after the now nicly cooking banana cake 
Trying to get something done. 
"New Gavin music = pure bliss :0). Okay, time for bed. Good night! "
@richardatnapton Hi  put a pic on! I have bought some nice green wellies
The clouds hovering over my life are finally parting their ways and I am beginning to see the sun and it feels good 
@lollyjay Love the Snoopy background 
@scenariogirl I know one dog friendly office  We are working there. 
got the magic numbers and is thanking y'all for the support 
new to tweetar 
@rustyrockets You seem to be a good mood this morning or rather were until the MP thing 
@verwon Oh my goodness I think so!!!!! I'm so in 
@PhoneDomme *waves howdy* Hey tune in to katt.com for some cool tunes you'll like it! 
"aint about how fast i get there, aint about whats waiting on the other side. its the climb.  i so love miley cyrus. xD"
today i've completed all my legal and psych homework  i'm currently doing my health homework trying to get it done all tonight!
"@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - aww how cute  this made me smile, i'm sick at home :["
@GingerVlogz Might go to Worthing some time this week. 
@m_csquare you're welcome 
"Would love to be in Berlin tonighet to see #Royksopp. Sold out http://bit.ly/iWgQ0. If you have a spare ticket, Iï¿½ll jump on a flight "
"it's cold, man am i loving this weather "
At work macbook connected to the company network then back in to the home network. Happy man 
@bobbygill       and I look forward to them    
"Ok guys - we've officially launched new languages #Swedish and #Russian - really fun, if you ask me!  www.surveypirate.com"
@vivipfeif coucou miss 
loves the fact he just reclaimed a 1st class stamp that hadnt been franked  54p mine allllll mine :S http://plurk.com/p/n0e3f
"The sun is shining, and soon ill be off to karro's with negar  so much funness"
is going to pack today 
@RadarDog grass??? And it does not make them sick I would not like to be the two leg picking up the poop  I could not believe it
Great blog - Justice Conquering Religion? Shining some light in darkenss  http://bit.ly/C7k4
@JLSOfficial can't beat a cup of tea haha  love youuu marvvv &lt;3 xxx
just been 4 a walk...... love it    but is now hungry
"@angelalpev Fine, but swamped with work. Seriously need a break. -_- Pau rendang sounds yummy *stomach grumbling* "
@Kat_La i do try my hardest 
This is kinda fun   http://tinyurl.com/cfnzpk
sweetness! i can start writing stories again!  lent ended 2 nights ago! lol...its officially day 42 -_-;
Have a massive headache for a long &amp; fucking BORING day shopping for linen &amp; crap for my new room but I do now have a Metallica ringtone 
@OfficialKat yup. 'phwoar' pretty much means 'ohmygod look at him!' lol 
@wolfgangfrank Yes like at AIG 
@wildpeeta Super Beautiful 
"@pibby the video is perfect! Thanks again, talk to you soon "
@sexysheryll you WOULD be a feloow tweeter! lol jk hiiiii 
YAYYYY zack has twitter! @zackalltimelow i'm stoked. 
@KrisAllenmusic bad shape? wuts wrong? u look greattt! n good luck for tomorrw! cant wait 
doing some stuff in the garden 
oh. don't even get it twisted... I'm sure I'll annoy the daylights out of @jtryon when he comes back cos it'll be like 2-3 wks elapsed 
webcamming with my homeboy lars. 
@soondee_chua ah! it's not just me then... there was a problem.  Wonder what caused it! 
@Stephanya my inspiration for my new vlog style is at http://youtube.com/supermac18 
@rishabhphagre Welcome dude!  http://ff.im/1Y0HP
10 hours sleep. mmmmmm  town and hair dressers today!!
Just back from trip to Kyiv. A little freaked out 
"@BleedingChaos I'm doing ok hun, quite good actually. And yes, you're amazing.  XX"
"Listening to Tegan &amp; Sara........ Oh Yeah! Cartoons. ahahaha, I just had to say that last part. "
@saulashby you're welcome 
@qitty hope fishy is ok 
@jimmrowe hmmmm dumplings 
@mpesce sweet... must go home shortly and make a death ray 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - Awww omgsh she's gorgeoussssss. http://twitpic.com/2y62a they're mine 
@vaempyr it exceeded all of what I had imagined it would be 
@mileycyrus miley you can do it  just sleeep! comeon it's like 2 more hours till waney waney time in the mean time watch tru connfessions
Good night! God bless! Sweet dreams! Go sleep in ur own bed! Love u 
Ahh there we go. Just turned the good ole DiggBar off 
"@RevEckzeff Lol Rev I am not that bad! I have been clicking @replies but they were broken, working again now so catching up! "
@skylerevers did you get the bag yetttt? cause i bet you will tomorrow if you havent yet.  
@fogbugz i'd love to see a Fogbugz iPhone or Android app. Kiwi icon on your phone 
Again...with the full link  http://bit.ly/C7k4
Bom dia  The Colliding Spiral Galaxies of Arp 274 - http://antwrp.gsfc.nasa.gov/apod/ap090407.html
@ItsDawns Thank you I do my best  lol!!  (you 100% too) 
@courtney_s thanks Courtney! 
In work early.  Happy birthday to me 
@Celticgirl1913 i agree. i have too many conversations going at once! my little brain can't handle it all. 
soup for dinner 
"mmm, scooby doo fruit snacks are so great "
"Wow, it's almost 3:00 a.m. I probably should go to bed. So is it good night all or good morning? See you later. "
@maxcelcat The matress is lovely. Now we just have to work out a way to bribe William into thinking of the back room as his bedroom. 
I have discovered that I have the same vibrator as one of the crazier ppl on the reality show Tough Love. That disturbs me but keeping it 
Panic... and I'm not at the disco... well... as much of a panic as one can have when one is fairly chilled out! 
Going out to buy twlightt soon ! 
@MarcoZehe OMG that is it! Only mine came from an outrageously large ISA card with a dedicated speaker.  Ah the good ol' days of AT... 
Bed time! Jill gets here tomorrow 
@stealtheshow Awwww. That's so cute  you have a new friend.
@mileycyrus If it makes any sense is it wierd to be bored and THATS the reason for not being able to sleep?? lol 
"@harlequinxgirl always look on the bright side of life do do, do do do do do do "
@abegruber I'm a Wii virgin  Just need to get my tweet on! Now I'm pumped and getting back to pixels &amp; vectors!
Haha sweet dreams followers and friends ...  &lt;3 sour nightmares twinklers x)
"@missb2818 Ooooh, who is it? "
@onefinepinoyboy u too. air kiss for u. 
@markblomeley Thanks  We currently have a couple a strategic alliances going but are always on the look out for others. Something in mind?
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2xszg - Yayy you found it ! Haha  Love youu Miley ?
@markaaronjames just got better quality vid on iChat thank Skype. Skype kept cutting out. Will experiment further 
On the bus  it just got there as i got there lucky!
"Need help: How do I find out which followers left, who is the most active tweeter, and other such interesting tidbits "
Checking out some Larry David was nice. And NCAA &amp; MLB highlights were OK. But commercials quickly became annoying. Podcasts are the way. 
break my 4000th tweets 
@TimNoonan  o.k... will retract coward comments 
@wheelworx you got our sun this morning so!  its grey here. was lovely yest! 
Its as easy as breathing. 
"Ok  its off to bed with me.   If this tweet wakes anybody up, you should have had your phone on silent mode!   "
For once thankful to our government for spending my hard-earned money (but I still don't want their hands in my pockets...  )
@lennel oh yes tampines one. woohoo new shopping haunt! 
btw... hey new followers 
"@rosiesd So far, you are quite honorable.  Funny how that works, right?! ; ) and yes, I've been having a great night. Going to continue..."
"I am no1 Auntie today  So, that means dragging Adam around the park all day :p"
"Back at work, should be a nice mellow day "
@123lottie AWWWWW you must have the patience of a saint. 
@ladydoc_1980 Hey welcome to twitter..! 
@nathankam jinro chamisul soju...all of the Korean soap stars drink it 
Happy Birthday macky!! ILY 
@rt_winger I live by the Tesla dealership. Guys get their expensive Tesla cars and cruise University Avenue...I still get more attention! 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - GORGEOUS!!!  You just want to hug her!!! Bless! 
@Starshine6996 I didn't kbow McGangBang's were real. Now I know. Gotta try that next time at McD's. 
@omgitsafox It was the highlight of my day.  ha ha...
@lorennn i just rofled. seriously. splahed in your eye. classic loren  still laughing
"@thph this is a GREAT twitter tutorial, maybe your hubby can watch it for you  http://tinyurl.com/4r5xwy He is such a good guy!!!"
@brieasaurus I &lt;333 you even more! 
Leaving for Iluma shopping centre now 
@JoelMadden are you thanking everyone you can possibly think of? You are a polite and gracious man 
going to bed I can't believe I'm awake still 
"@ricklondon  don't worry, your lyrics are safe.   We don't steal music or lyrics...ask our accountant!"
@ginovalenciano YES!!  It was opening day at the stadium and man was it a glorious sea of red   3-0 Victory!
Making myself learn Radiographic Physics 
"@zbender now that you've pointed out @justingrant I can, yes "
woot! back from my job interview 
what were your favourite songs from the 1990's?  Going through a nostalgic phase 
"@MissxMarisa cool, listening to them now thanks!! "
@JLSOfficial morning  ooo what u shoooting for ;)? have i told u that i love u marv? x
"@philpeace Half caff skinny fairtrade pure Ethiopian latte, easy on the foam, extra hot please "
The Family Guy can be so inappropriately hilarious!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErPsx8zdnX4
can't stop to smiling 
"If twitter is now a verb, then the past tense of twitter would be twat "
@ChristinaPerk Now I'm lost! 
@mileycyrus ohh i hope u can sleep soon  cute dog but i have heard counting sheeps didnt work because than your brain works greets germany
@1poundchallenge I'll be in Berner's Street for a lunch today. Not too far from soho. I'll give you your pound if you like. 
@nickpadmore Ouch. Looks like I'd best take another one. 
@folterclothing -Do you need to hire any booth help? I am available and have years of experience working at trade shows. DM me. 
off to a hot date with the girl  what to have for dinner?
"@Friedanz you're making it, don't worry "
"@AndrewRimmer Sure, but I am talking about creating a loyal following.. .NET powered plugin ecosystem. Done. I would move "
"@nicolerichie yep I remember Anne of Green Gables, they filmed a series near Toronto based on the books, Meegan Follows starred in it "
@FUNKISM I do the same when I see Lincoln being mentioned on the weather 
"plus, bucket kitty needs her next tablet. should I count my fingers now?...or after...?? "
@mileycyrus its 10AM here in Europe and I'm falling asleep. If you cant sleep just turn on some slow beautiful music and listen to it 
"@adam_d_scott Haha, not sure if you saw my earlier tweet but I lost most of my stuff last week. Thank god for svn and git though! "
"@una_avion2010 I knew it  hehe. I'm smart. And I know, I know. We musnt leave him out."
"????? ???????, ?? ????? ?? ï¿½Completely Automated Public Turing Test to Tell Computers and Humans Apartï¿½ "
@OneLuvGurl I know... makes me feel old!!!!! 80s is ok - full of cheesy soft rock 
@langforde you really need to get out more 
@jesseyuen @brookecourt you guys actually live realllyy close to each other! could almost say down the road even. perth is way small. 
@lesliemalason5 U r having an epic moment of clarity aye? 
its a love story baby just say yessssssss 
@DonnieWahlberg thanx for being part of the 14 messages on my phone that i woke up to started my day off right 
Gonna Watch a Movie Called &quot;Lost in The Wild&quot; with my Fav. of All Time Miss JENNIFER LOPEZ 
"after taking ur computer class, you'll become Pro. Wang. haha I'm quite confused with the EXCEL system, that drives me crazy!!! "
@LisaMurray i want to see that film so bad. glad you got to see it and enjoyed it. 
Forever Chasing.   Simply The Best atm .  
@Leeantz  whats new i am the coolest as usual  ahhaahhaha leanne's 2nd of cos!
Ahh... yesterday The Cinematic Orchestra concert proved they are really great band - I was on the edge of my seat for the whole time 
"@rtolido I see they used English to reply, rather than Esperanto. I rest my case! "
@nandinidevare they should ban mikes first. thats a more established weapon in india 
@mayhemstudios And that's why you don't retweet any of my links 
"@caojunvincent I am ??, follow me "
"@michaelgrainger  buddy I really think I forgot that I had already taken my meds and have doubled the dose :0 hubby home soon, I need him "
"@jeffhandley Thanks! We're both very happy, especially Lana. I think she appreciates my aggressive, this is just business attitude now "
@zadr I want to try it sometime with an actual keyboard 
getting ready to go to the aiport soon to collect my loved one...Im soooooooo excited  
"@LucasBlack Ah Lucas! Thank you babe, that answer works for me  MWAH xx"
i love club starz! i love spring break! mm deffffinitely dope 
@lexichow Mz Lexi! hows my fave publicist doin? 
"@deirdresm Goodnight, Deirdre... hope you feel better tomorrow. "
Charlie the Unicorn 3 ist raus! 
@verwon I think it's a great idea *runs to find slinky* 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - i am awhing to the extremeee! sofie is SOO GORGEOUS 
@millerwentworth Hola are you better today? good day! 
"@annaraven Thanks Anna, I will...sure that a hot shower and plenty of 'Origins' will put me back on track! "
I have a cat sleeping on my face... Damn huckleberri 
"@frog_blurb Absolutely - sometimes a lot longer too. But I'm playing maybe 5 instruments, then 4 or 5 backing vox - it takes time "
i had such a wonderfull time out with Mela last night watching DGoody 1978 play Live Keys for Rap Group Self Tought  at Favela in Old St
"Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on "
@privatedoc sounds lovely. I'm heading to London on Thursday. Can't wait. 
i got a blue dsi and i loves it 
@andrewdever The Laksa at the Happy Chef at the Pailou Centre on Dixon Street is the best  
"is drinking chai latte! Mmmm, yummi "
Just been given Birthday Breakfast-in-office by @AdelaideH Garance &amp; Bay  (Twins' excitement more to do with being in Papa's office tho)
"@JBagley Can't wait to get my mac so I can start doing that.  Nice one mate. Sounds like an awesome deal, alot of peeps talking about it."
Just downloaded Incubus' Black Heart Inertia! 
"Got up to work online, but I don't feel well so just surfing the internet listing to gospel music, hope morning is more enlightening....  "
A motto for employees strategy day: &quot;If your future really depends on that day you are in trouble&quot;  Let's see how useful the day will be.
"3 days leave then Easter, no work for a week,  Except for the long list of DIY jobs to do at home, "
"@officialSPChuck wow, chuck thx for the video link -its amazing! so cool to see these awesome songs played live by you again! THX! "
Good Morning all 
@ninalorraine oh my goodness! yes! i win  it's only cause my life revolves around that movie hahaha
"Sooooo so tired from the gym... tomorrow class, fast&amp; furious then gym "
"catching up on Heroes, then it's off to Mistress "
@Trevieno  awesome 
Working on a new lounge/chill out album for u all to play in the background or out loud while u all tweet ;) loving the creative process 
@alireddeer  Yep thats about it  !
"@notytony @gau3 but some would say, the shoe must go on "
Another day of gaming lies ahead. I love having a week off 
"@suitelifeofkell aww, dont say that! ur face ain't bad! its rather pleasant and in phil ritcheys words, &quot;plump&quot; lol hehe "
have a great day people!! 
@JennaMadison You are listening!  ***grins*** yes I did gurl!  ***hugs***
"Potato Chips, pllleeeeaaasssseee. "
as of right now... 13 days til my birthday!  haha
"@natztheflip aw, you guys are the best! haha. save me from making a fool outta myself with all this technology "
"@jessicaling i like this band, you might too  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcsDv8VbCfM"
"first spanish lesson in an hour, nervous! massive drawing marathon for the rest of the day "
I'm now addicted to http://omegle.com thanks @rustyrocket! 
should be sleeping! My pug is already sleeping away! this is him when he is awake.  http://twitpic.com/2o6ed
@chrisfreeman LOL I'm following u now too! Night new friiiend! 
@TimNoonan as long as you are not in charge of pulling the chute 
"What is, if the light at the end of the tunnel is red? - It's simple, the train is already leaving  (Axel Urbanski)"
@hungryworship does that mean you're going to kill the eggs...die 
@steveagee LOL//ahh..there is really no come back (pardon pun) to that 
I can't wait for the SYF results! oh goodness. 
finally finished my first paper of the term 
@souljaboytellem http://twitpic.com/2vo2s - looks wickedd  xxxxxxxxxx
"@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - awwwww shes sooooooooooooooooooo cute, thats a really cute pose...i want her "
@keidi  #avatar ok thanks thats good  actually can't remember what I was drinking there!
Bed and Breakfast Owner and love the industry. Incredibly enriching meeting people from all over the world! Made some great new friends. 
"predlets off to the park with their nanny, so time for a constitutional walk to get thoughts together. many threads to weave and untangle "
@gurlystar14 wow. so romantic!! 
@WesleyCarr hey congrats for being at #4 on the charts Wes!! 
says good morning people  it is 10 am and i say hi! http://plurk.com/p/n0frc
Yeap yeap ilove Penis and Vagina haha 
@TheBetterSexDoc K! I'll check'em out!  How you been gurl!?
"Plugged in iPhone. Dismissed syncing screen. iPhone synced WITHOUT the sync screen, then crashs... Gotta love hightech "
"@BrokenLegs I climb now  I got shoes, the harness and everything  Are you doing a Dorset trip this year?"
@splitreaction sharing one car at the mo. just bought macbook too. mite be broke but gee it makes me happy 
@LadyErlynne posted on MTP. 
@jobsworth my wife is from Southall so we're often there especially when she wants to buy some Punjabi suits 
@stephenfry Welcome home! 
is seeing Lauren today  x
finishing off a good night with a cold beer   you know you're jealous
"@Diferenshul @yung_flip movin to mia til the fall, then back to la for good. Takin online classes @ a cali school that is TBD. "
"@KrisBuytaert You seem to have outgrown diapers/nappys, so please keep that crappy content to yourself "
Nice dayy. 
"these instructions are from stinksville. at the end of day one it's rovio: 1 jerry: 0. stay tuned.... paging dr @propmasta, america's cto "
"Morning, sunny here  just watching Russel T Davies on BBC Breakfast talking about the new Doctor Who &quot;Planet of the Dead&quot;, looks very good"
o.O hughesy live!!  Must investigate - at least i wouldn't be causing car accidents from radio laughter  *reminder set
has just had a bit of good news - what a wonderful start to the day 
@yellowpark Actually it was a fast worm feedback. 
"@hiannie Hey, I do the same thing sometimes when I type too fast!  LOL I understood what you meant.  Let me know how it's coming along!"
@GillyLiz But still good to be mentioned huh 
Sudden shift in the weather!! I have to forcefully put myself in a jail which apparently is my room and m watchin moviessssss.. Poor me 
"One of the (respectable, mother of 3)paralegals at work was asked by an elderly client if she was one of 'those working girls'!  classic "
"@leetje The episode gave me an idea for a story. But really, it's my favourite because we get to see more of Josef. "
"@njames congrats dude, hope you're liking it  any hiccups just fire me a question"
going to buy easter eggs. yay 
@aprilfmay haha  id love that. 6 r ball gear! 7sick gear! 8 ??? ill keep thinking k 
@ninabelk look at you and your celeb spotting! Did you throw rocks at the smug prick? 
@gblock do it 
i can't wait for the hannah movie!!!!! 
@jsamuelson I certainly won't exclude that. I might have some time over Easter - i'll put it on my list 
is feeling lighter today 
Time to sleep!!!  Nyt SoCal!!! See yah in 3 weeks!!!Have a blessed Holy Week!!! =D
wolvo later 
i'm happy - - really happy! 
feling lucky ..coz my name wasn't mentioned in the mail 
is overtired... Must get more sleep tonight.  Only two more days 
the sun is shining 
Watching forensic files n is happy as a clam cause the laundry needs washing n hanging  let's all hope 4 sunshine 2morrow I am 
Listening to Mr Moyles n team  xx i like men in waistcoats
@AndrewsBit Andrew dont see me as desperate just see me as a girl who likes a challenge &amp; strives to get what she wants! 
just realised the appointment is an hour later. how annoying. @avangeli good luck today 
"good morning twitters!@Sp_Soul you have done it bro, i canï¿½t believe it! so what we got?a war of words or something like that?;) "
@samuelisaac on your iPod? me too 
watching Tru Confessions at 4 in the morning....she is watching it too. 
"@justhere4ash Yeah,it's holidays because of Easter  haha,I'm so happy xD don't you have holidays?    Lol,my hair is reallyyy long ;]"
Have to do the washing up :|:| mum gets home from melbourne tonight 
thinks it's time for New Zealand to turn away from the big political parties. Mount Albert for RAM? 
@adriyah im confused about how to enter the contest! please help! 
"Cant sleep, meditation, or yoga neither one helped. Its not like i wanna go to sleep, go just bored and sleep would fix that  Peace"
i'm going to open my birthday cards 
@martinjgale mr hopkins and i will be better behaved tonite .. cultural evening of a haydn concert in gothic cathedral 
 Baby strampelt fast im Takt (New Soul - Yael Naim)
@ash_uh_bot im not a douche and im not 25 lol 
@chaitrasuresh Get a secretary 
http://twitpic.com/2y6b3 - Waiting for tonight's united vs porto match.. I predict 2-0  Go Red Devils! World Champions!!!!
"@ijansch that'll be the solution that spawns MySQL from inside Apache, making it almost impossible to secure via SELinux? "
Officially pledging for SYZ. 
Just finished reading this book for a second time 
@markusreuter I would have used the word &quot;interesting&quot; ... I've come to the conclusion that I am just self- centered 
dailybooth.com s0rry if I have many updates. hehe. I was b0red. 
"My blog is set and ready for next plan,'planning next plan', "
@ArfanChaudhry   Hola   What are you up to?
"@ryan_leslie  Thank u!!! When you give, you receive wonderful things in life.  Much Respect. "
@maheep: You should stop knowing me so well! 
Time for bed 
@Nisha7 I don't know but are they starkers like my dear child 
Todays a girlie pamper day - waxing &amp; manicure etc  Ahhh lovely
@queenkv thanks  I'm just grateful my family's ok.
a friendly Chinese company emailed me to let me know that another company wants my domain  some people are amazing
@jpack YES!!!!!!!  all's well 
Quiet on road and train trouble good 
@dirkmetzger F&amp;F is a great movie. Don't diss the Diesel 
"holy crap I haven't updated in forever  I just came on to say that. And, I'll try to update more. Good Night! "
reading some FML's and finishing up some socials 
Going to my Nan and Grandad's today!! YAY! 
"Ok, so i just started twitter  What do i do now? lol"
@valxx http://twitpic.com/2w1uj - This is awesome! i love it!! especially the wordings. AWESOME! KEEP MOVING ON! 
@tezzer57 Good morning my lovely  xxx
It's a perfect day ... Need to find a nice bottle of champagne.  Going to let myself be enlightened by the caviste 
@JeffMitchell  Perhaps we need em more often!  LOL
@syednaqib: Haha. I don't send other kind of emails via company mail. It's prohibited. 
@willyjoegreen thanks! 
@imsoapee I'm trying.. but my 4hr blockles date turned into a real one tomorrow  now I can go to sleep.
I'm very excited (and scared) about tomorrow. It's going to be great day 
@mileycyrus: oh...my gosh I can't stop singing &quot;The Climb &quot; it's  such a lovely songxx   from laus in england.
@rogue coming to see youuuu at Travelstart 
"@timkit Me? I know I like to tinker, but thats just... extreme "
"@VirtuAllin Now *FRY* would be *FANTASTIC* - @stephenfry &amp; @hughlaurie are still buddies, right? After all these years? "
@frontofmonitor Thanks for the twitter love! Hope all is well 
yay no work todayyy   but working for the rest of the week  lol
@theroundup If he doesnt show up...i can reccomend an amazing mortgage broker 
Still no-one in reception.  Ach well more internet time 
listening to Blink-182 
"@andrew_goodman your new SEL column on PPC (http://cli.gs/59tWA1) is freakin killer, best thing I've read in a long time "
"@RebeccaLange Thanks, yes I'm hanging from the rafters here, also had to cope with my employee having 2 days off... C U @ another tweetup "
@Thamawat No way. Sleep is for the wicked - get up and create 
Nom food 
@leeww only if you decorate my place too 
"@russians_in_uk hmmmm, something on your mind - hehe "
The lady who bought the bracelet pictured as my twitter page background is still wearing it a week later -- hasn't taken it off. Likes it 
@rom LOL. But wouldn't our voices be heard best if we get that license and prefix that title before our names? 
yay! now i know about my new bike. bought it in a small and very nice little shop in the city. great used MTB at a great price. 
@DJ_AM but then again a lot of your 22k+ followers prolly already told you 
@LucasBlack Always the right words with you Lucas!  xx
another day another dollar right?  i just gota be positive haha
is gonna hit the Gulf later after hours of being online.  Adik!
"im up! early for once. suprise suprise. gotta clean my room, and then later today, hopefully; going to the Beach with Sandra. Photoshoot! "
@Pictcom Site doesn't work with Google Chrome v 2.0.169.1. None of the upload buttons/links work. Please fix? Thanks 
"@gblock #mef C'mon, release it please! I spent all day without my dev computer. It's like a crack addict who can't find his dealer! "
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrlSkU0TFLs - link again - should work this time 
@vindiekins Posted a reply. 
I am going to have to stop using &quot;Comcastic&quot; to mean bad things! The Comcast reps on twitter and the local office have been fantastic. 
I now have 101 followers on twitter - spot that.  101th is &quot;Norfolk Matters&quot; with great local updates.  Welcome 
@JennaMadison ur tune in! cool beans yay! Rock n roll Train and Thunderstruck back to back! 
"eating frozen ribeana , yum "
@MeganJoan sounds de-freakin-licious to me 
"@MissxMarisa cool cool, i really like Mexican food "
@onmejack a lot of people say they can't run because it's too boring but I can daydream for hours about all sorts 
@farnie do you want to buy me one 
just sent a special birthday card for someone special 
"@mortonfox Every time I see your TwitVim tweets, I feel the need to use twit.el. "
"@amberlily Creepy possibly, but at the same time, somewhat kinky "
Needs starbucks 
@bulhaa gone. and it came back! 
I'm up; it's time for pain meds 
Gets by with a little help from my friends.. And Arizona green tea. 
@LFTA Well I could as Fabulous would say &quot;...put this piece to the left side of ur head n push ur mind right&quot;  Not sure what that does tho
"Nice man  apprecaite it. I'm new in twitter, so didn't know but now I do "
"@dertyp overhere some doctors are concerned that all the radiation might even cause problems for people, so I wonder if alot will do it "
Looking out on the rain... 
@cateyez didn't know you had multiple dogs  what breed and so are they?
Tabitca is going to have a domesticated morning and bake and do stuff and then work all afternoon. I am feeling better now John is here 
"@arjankramer True, but then there are relations between the ZCs as well... Think its the same point as @rickmans  "
"listen, heeeeeeeeey liiiiiiiiiiiiisten!!! to the song... lalala... "
@SteveCogan can send another if you're feeling you need some more 
@binncheol Be glad that miracles do happen 
@alisonhogarth; I've completed it now so no need to worry. I'll try and get back into pro evo 
I always wanted to say: &quot;Riveting!&quot; about something so here it is: http://digg.com/d1o7dk Riveting ! (according to New York Times 
"Probably looking at short week too, with long weekend.  enjoy the nice weather!"
Glad i've cleared most of my thesis up. Two more chapters to go before first final draft is submitted 
veto the bed im watching MIB! 
@GracieAlbernaz someone here posted it 
@Hjorth I think you meant @MrMadsen 
"@AndrewRimmer Dude, you see that link to spicIE? Why the hell has it not been made more public!? There are templates and everything! "
"@K2Kyle Good luck, hope the weather holds out for you "
"I miss re-share button, too. &quot;Like&quot; works in a way as re-tweet though...  re: http://ff.im/1Y0vX"
@Mrjones2011 gimme some ! 
only 4 days of work left forever then travelling europe 
back from 3-day island tour  more pics @ my multiply site
"@andrew_goodman oops, I mean best thing I've read lately about *PPC*  Frankly, the Dune series is better lol ;-)"
@campmotha Yep. For oct  Book your accomodation at the Base. That's where we're staying!
@AndrewHansen1 thanks for being my 1000th follower 
so its 10.13 am here in good old germany......and i'm tired as hell..... GOOD MORNING AMERIKA 
http://twitpic.com/2y6ec - and this is Hope sister Sophie she cute too 
"@Mark_Braunstein so true... same as using &quot;not to mention&quot;, and then mentioning it... "
@metnightowl you're not online anymore so CONGRATS ON PURDUE!! YAY!!  now you can figure out your budget and rent 
lunch break--grilled chicken salad--thank you Jane 
done with helping my dad... 
@jwillock yup have memorized that whole site 
@sharagrif Kol hakavod.  Thought of you as I tried catching the final secs at 6:30.  My video wouldn't work.  Good for Psycho T!
http://twitpic.com/2y6ek - and this is Hope sister Sophie she cute too 
@rustyrockets I'm 100% behind you!  x
@T_Sila Damn. I wish I paid attention in my biology class  I only had time for spaceships in university 
"new update for lbp, I'm going to hit up some community levels, find some goodies "
In bonnybridge waitin on late tnt delivery! New spider arrives this afternoon 
http://twitpic.com/2y6em - pucker. my drink of choice 
seriously. stick to your strengths. 
"@dmf71 Indeed. It's always good to know the mind still works.  And if I can hang with Dr. Foster, I figure it's all good, right? ;-)"
Morning all! Hope you have a good one 
@TheBetterSexDoc Oh yeah! I certainly will gurl! I can't wait to share pics! actually I need to post some of my first five 
@chrishasboobs sugar cookies sound sooo good right now. mmm. and reeses. 
"Another day of courses, looking for a job and audition preparation. Had a good night sleep "
"@Hollywood_Trey Alternatively, a trip to Antartica. A little less practical though, considering this is just a beer we're talking about. "
I am watching my best friend Toms tv-show... pa tv3 
Mmmm espresso house 
@KarsentheSlater You are the #1 best Mormon daughter EVUR from the future. Yesh. 
"@hothobolover lmao, that one i agree. hotter than rob baby  dude, you would look hot in any shirt color "
"@broken_thought I'm the lucky girl. I'm a lot to put up with, and he loves me for it. "
"@yasmineyvette nah.,..i was just asking...  what yr are u in? "
just got up. and going out later.  yayyy.
"I've got wine, my laptop and a DVR full of &quot;World's Dumbest...&quot;  This should be a fun evening "
"is brap brap brap, twitty twitty twitty "
@lizp02x Hahaha wow someone did they're research! Good girl  ps i hope we get to do that something so i'm hoping that someone says yes!
Duncan Riley: News Ltd team: you quoted me: all is forgiven (just promise not to threaten to sue again  )... http://ff.im/1Y1GP
@LoreleiSpencer I stand corrected!  Up market Firies.... 
"@AndrewRimmer From what I have seen, there is just a batch file to execute and your are done "
@k8dt good morning 
@binmugahid hey! maybe they are creating their own Google street view 
(8) Ohh what a beautiful morning (8) - imm hooomee 
"@woosang In a few weeks, we will see what happens. "
finally awake  but in a bad mood..I hate unfaithful friends!
"Ok...now only 30 minutes left! can't wait! 4 days off solely to myself..ahhhh..no phones, radio's...saved a life tonight..felt good! "
@bencounsell yup this guy is definitely cool 
@blottedcopybook maybe! although hub just told me he was up and down with her from 5-6 whilst I was snoring!! 
@Mike_Seddon You want @JoannaButler - her site is tiptop: http://www.searchenginechocolate.com/blog/ has some good info 
"@ImBartSimpson pity bart simpson is 10, not 8. "
discovering that I must have learned something about writing a guidebook to walking in the process... 
I want a nap... ooo I just realised I've got 2 free lines tomorrow morn &amp; no work! Loooong sleep in! 
@gfalcone601 Naw. I wish I was in London.  Have a nice day.
@writemonkey - mighty fine software  cheers x
@janyxu Sounds good. I'll put it on my long list of things to watch! 
[-O] Varujan Pambuccian is rocking da house at the Information Security in Web 2.0 Era conference  http://tinyurl.com/cnlsz3
Looking for ways to promote www.PolarisRentals.com and also looking for products to promote to our members. Hi everyone! 
"i am headed to bed... finally... these books are sooo addicting, like stride gum... lol   it's only 2:15am lol i might get 6hrs  lol"
@gblock we love you. 
@clairelouisef awww thanks  Yours is pretty too hehe. Spose you wouldn't know how big a smile's on my face right now @ ur twweeeet.  lol
@dcorsetto: isn't the bouncer at the Meck actually female?  funny stuff adorable woman  hows the stasche doin in all this?
"@ob_shopping well you're followed now, so I'll peg 2c at you whenever I have a chance "
"@EPMorgan  La K, La F, and La T will rock Notts! so call me and let me know your progress ;) xx"
4:16 am and still going  I absolutely love what I do!!
Morning twitters 
that's an interesting first tweet! LOL follow more people!!  congrats on the twitter though! xo
my cat Micas is really a dog trapped inside a cat's body 
Just remembering the jar of tads in the kitchen window big bro caught -  - maybe that's why I like frogs (and pigs ) hehe
@nicola_prigg Thankies!  so excited!
Funny Marriage Quotes http://www.nikrusty.com/2009/04/funny-marriage-qoutes.html yet so true 
commentators are talking of Shaq and Nash's twittering on a Live Phx Suns match 
@afallendevil morning Daniel!! tonight: THE KAISER CHIEFS. it's bloody raining. 
@chriscanal How crap are we 
Twilight came this morning  thats what i'll be watching tonite!
@robluketic whaaaa??  what's goin on in the A?  i love my city 
@fizz How come it took you so long to tweet that? 
at Tygerwaterfront enjoying a cup of coffee 
retail therapy helps. Awww.... 
@SuburbanDollar thanks for the heads up! alexa stats should be updating again. http://bit.ly/top-pf-blogs 
"just finished toking to mark...tweeps, sorry for d corny updates coming from me (dos wer from our conversation)...hehe. "
"Bug smile , sit down, thank you, big smile ha ha  I sit therefore I am "
i think im going to buy a website  would you guys check it out?
@Kal_Penn NOOOOO!!! Kutner was my favorite on House's new team! I'm so sad...but I can't wait for the next thing you're in! 
Rise and Shine..... 
@miss_ek You were relaxing all night!! 
@bradhfh lol I can see that you talk then the next you don't lol  what are you doing
"@mastergab Sorry I just read your note, I think Anna already helped you out!! "
has just joined twitter 
@samscotti sounds interesting already 
that's an interesting first tweet! LOL follow more people!!  congrats on the twitter though! xo @LOL_Tarwhaa
@travolution Listen to spotify then 
Maria is awake after feeding the baby and putting her back under the bilirubin light. Hi Ozarks Today crew!!  Miss you guys 
More voting  http://tiny.cc/BjcYj The is a short we did sign up and vote for COFFEE&amp;CREAM and re tweets are apprciated but VOTE! thanks!
"ok now im really about to wash my hair.... got FIVE shows this week.... man! But hey, this is the life i chose. The life of a dancer... "
@punkmedia @ReneWouters Thanks 
"@juliwooli I can hardly believe it,first Beth now you! Whoop  It's like a new spin on an old school reunion!How are you doing sweetpea?!X"
sam threw the iphone into leftover tea. it complained about the &quot;accessory&quot; and switched to airplane mode. had to unplug the tea 
(Disclaimer: I'm a former employee of the AP) 
"I'm at the Trovus Tuesday breakfast, currently doing the meet an greet thing  http://www.trovus.co.uk/"
@tatty73 That's good news! ...and the sun is shining too! 
@Pijrt oh no I don't know if they are on Twitter. We need Quinn here to - need to ask LittleBird 
"And suddenly, boom. The strangest things happenï¿½ "
almost time to go home.  Parent/Teacher interviews tonight.  Should be good 
@amypalko Goog morning of to see Monsters vs Alien later so fun day 
is impressed to be slightly ahead of the Gadget Show 
Whatta Hot afternoon! 
@TheBetterSexDoc K I will! 
"@britisshameless 1 wank is better than none, just ensure it's a mind blowing one "
"@Wudruff yeah all is fab ta, certainly lots to learn but think I'm getting there   Hows things with you down the sunny coast?"
Anyone up for yogurt Karhi. I'm making one for the very first time 
"Theres a gonuts near BC. I just had 3. Glazed, Strawberry hearth something and another strawberry flavoured one. "
@corecases Hi mate 
*bursts through the Twitter doors* Hellooooooooo!  
@radarlistener enjoy your freedom and partying 
@sanjay_shah it was indeed. Can't wait for California event in Sept! Great catching up with you again 
@joannayoung Sun shining here 
@Rustyrockets check out our convo about you! lol Stop fighting it Russ I know you want to say something! 
@MyNameIsIngrid Just think one day the'll be history books about you and how sleepy you were 
adjusting to the twitter life 
is getting ready for her job interview 
"YES!!! New Zune coming this year, and it's almost certain to be a worldwide release at last!!!   http://bit.ly/6Uwk"
@lstrob but u had a great time &amp; they remembered u. That's more important. Think u scored extra brownie points with JK with that tee! 
Got to see my bestftiend 2nite. 
@CHRISDJMOYLES Hi Chris! Ru gonna drop in on Bletchley Park nr MK?I'm sure they wud luv 2 c u  #bpark
Just Married 
follow me 
@rawrimatoaster woo. can't wait 
@MilkyMooMoo nice and sunn here too in Cambs 
Looking forward to tonight  Over to Evie Stevie's for dinner and a movie with Psquared and Kasi. YaY!
"I'm reading some more of Agile Principales, Patterns and Prictices in C#, it's quite a good read actually it flows quite well so far "
finally home! 
"2 sites in progress being made, few extra $$ along with stimulas $900, might take a trip before xmas "
Wow! Over 100 followers! Thanks for following everyone 
9.04 Beta. painless upgrade. 
@virtualewit well I don't plan on baking any but anytime I buy one I'll get an extra one for you 
I'm lying in bed not wanting to get up just yet... Lookin 4ward 2 another good day!!! 
"going to bed, two more days of school after tomorrow, then a three day weekend. "
@mileycyrus - hey  i just wanted to ask how old you were when you first learned the guitar.. thanks
@toxinide I hope you get an interview mate 
going shopping in Reading in bit   and having lunch with mum   now just got to decide pizza or pie place for lunch....??
hello everybody 
"I'm just,chatting with Michelle and Charles! "
@Apollo2077 GOODMORNING 
thinking of ideas and inspiration for raspberry soda photoshoot  while playing grand theft auto of corse
Do visit www.girlsbydesign.com and www.blog.girlsbydesign.com to check out our blogs. We do try to get on as much as we can for everyone 
@sk8mate It's today!! See you soon 
"at resolution of 1680x1050, all medium settings to test on fraps locked 30 FPS perfectly smooth video, on youtube now...  link to follow"
@spyros_vj @gtzi @sotomi @dimrac @aspaonline @panos  read that blog http://www.telegourmet.org/ amazing about wine and food 
@chrishasboobs I love you baby doll 
"Duncan Riley: @m0nty ask the consumers about 2015-2018, they'll be able to tell you then  (via Twitter) http://ff.im/1Y1GC"
also done with my mom's errands... 
"Today I'm *all* about #Cloudforce '09. If you're here too, please get in touch to meet up  - http://bkite.com/06fD3 (via @danwtmoon)"
@_q Interesting website. Thank you for sharing it with me. I will continue to research it...   - Jay Jeter The Coming Storm
http://twitpic.com/2y6ku - I caught a shark 
@JaylaStarr hows your beautiful self doin..? 
@airnchoo Good survival skill 
@shaunjumpnow uhh..kay. oo say hi to bradie from rose...and from sarah.   hey were you in the film clip for shimmy a go go??
"@Lemlina wow, that is very exciting! I would like a house too (we have an apartment) "
ashies here 
Leaving for Melbourne tomorrow 
made my way to Amsterdam. the closer you get to this place the worse people drive... they need to make a scientific study of this... 
@MollyFlagtail excellent! Howdy naYbur  i do love me some tail waggers!
We have $89 in extra GGUI donations and I've been thinking that should go towards IPB. $170 total needed! Can anyone still donate? 
@mensdomain Good morning  Sent you some lovin' 
Up to 50+ followers in less than a week of re-discovering my twitter account. Not sure how good that is but I'll take it  Thanks everyone!
@chuckdarw1n Singing!! is that what you kids call it today....I'm my day it was good old screwing. 
while listening to short stack  sway sway baby 
Moin'. Yesterday got the keys to the new apartment. 
"@kaylee110 well, you are pretty!! "
@ DwanB i ate filet american this morning  and i cant see your pic on mobile twitter
home and clean and loved up 
@rominafahem HEEY! 
@Tsarnick You can never ever have enough nachos. I'd settle for just the cheese 
"I believe you have seen the new design for @atebits - http://www.atebits.com/ , haven't you? There's @Tweetie for Mac coming soon "
@curtiswalker hahahah ok. but I am going to sleep now  so uh... speak now! or wait till tomorrow.
@chrisnoble_nz @aspir8or Some like the new http://beta.friendfeed.com/miramarmike and some don't - tough world pleasing us all eh! 
@ximefree  thanks for spreading the smile disease to me lol 
Just got back to Veteran from Surakarta. Will be heading to Pekalongan first thing in the morning tomorrow... 
can't wait to go partying tonight with my bestie 
"Oh well, i always knew she was an awesome friend! I have soo much respect for her, i love her "
Thinks you should follow my mate @snake66 hes a good un 
"Flikr or Smugmug answer altered... Going to do both  More exposure via Flikr, but Pro Acct on SmugMug lets me sell"
EVen though I'm talking to practically no one.... Yeah peoples im really bored.... lol tired but prolly wont be able to sleep.. lol 
"@skinnylatte Thaks for the gyan, hopefuly will see you at the rickshaw challenge in Chennai "
"day off school tomorrow, so happy. I wont have to run 4km.  "
Sweet breakfast meeting with GM Loyalty rock on!  Everyday People!
@boomerjack coffee is always welcome  good morning - how're things on your side of the map?
back home.. TIME WARP was amazingg Richie is official GOD!! omg.. afterparty in LJUBLJANA oleeee  ahhah aww Jaz bo ve?!
"love me, hate me, say what you want about me. but all the boys and all the girls are begging to if you seek amy "
"&quot;It's a nice bright beacon in a sea of really dreary, dreary booths at CTIA this year...&quot; -  http://bit.ly/9lfZH [Great YT Video] "
"had a fun, yet unexpected night. yay for long random talks with mattie and tori! also dinner with nick and the gang was yummy "
Good Morning you gawjuss Twitters 
@lilyroseallen U should come down this end of the globe sumtime! That's an official kiwi invite 
Finally! My own bed. 
"At work, no hassle at garage today, feeling happy "
@papadimitriou great app! thanks for sharing. 
@aheartofstars it made me a stronger person 
"@TCSLive twhirl, and by the looks of it that is what you prefer. "
@JTownend true - blame @bcbournemouth for my addled brain  #datajourn it is 
"@mattinsa GMSQ is closed due to operational issues with the franchisee, we'll have it up and running again as soon as we can! "
kelli i hope dylan has his finger on.  and ilytoo
Gnight!!  Adisson for sale tomorrow!!  Myspace.com/adissonapparel   
@jeffkang sounds fun!  meet any famous bands?
@Astartiel i want that koala that you have to get by special order. i also have a large collection of stuffed lambs. 
@TheEngTeacher yes I believe I do. I am certain your hubby would know it more though 
"Any converts from Firefox to Flock?? If yes, why do you prefer it? - thanks "
@camille0684 omg i found you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay i had no idea there were so many amaris's in the world 
@AriesGirl40 Your cousin was a yankee? Eww... he's gross 
Valerie Deiss is enjoying the bright sides of life &lt;3 breakfast with him and a barbecue this afternoon  Sum.. http://tinyurl.com/cs8mhz
Being The SweetHeart That I Am! 
@G_Ha Well done you little brainiac! Can't do this wkend so after work during a week day next week sounds good 
@xAlisa I know!!! I can't wait to meet your rock star bubba  Going to be soooo spoilt!
"Phew... have been away from Twitter for a few days, snowed under with work... what did I miss? "
"Watching a movie: The Incredible Hulk Returns, 1988. If you would like to watch with me, please bring some pop corn with ya? "
@brandon_wirtz how long and what degree of difficulty would it take for one to become top search result for &quot;china expert&quot;  heh.
In Leicester (again) for my driving test. Wish me luck 
"@Bondwalker I know, I'm SO excited about it!! AND Red Dwarf this weekend too!! "
's car trade in plan didn't work out 2day. Laser's now @ auto wrecker's 4 repairs so she can do lots of test driving ... &amp; bargaining!!! 
"@thejester100 i AM a girl!!! But I've had no luck with guys, so maybe the email's a hint that I need to change my target audience "
Just woke up...need to walk the dog...an go to the store and buy some breakfast. I hope I the vinyls I ordered today! 
@BustaBusta the ting tings suck! 
@poppy_dog LOL no prob. I'm bilingual  I can bark English. How r you today??
@DHughesy Thanks 
@showbiz_cousin 
@mileycyrus me and my friends have been up for an hour to get in line at gma today  say hi to us haha
Classic rock 1  Used to love this song so muchï¿½ ? http://blip.fm/~3x9l5
"life is already a blessing, but you never know when it's about to get even more blessed! keep your heads up  goodnight twitter world!"
V makes everything better. 
@rom LOL. Touchï¿½  But what about us plain ones?
"@marcooth I agree. It's why I have Twix Tuesdays: dunk a Twix in a cup of tea, until it's a bit melted. Makes the day slighty better "
My new desk mascot  http://twitpic.com/2y6nt
igoogle twitter for the win! Thanks @willhowells 
"@diablocody do not call the fail whale, if don't acknowledge its existence it wont appear "
@randomgal - depends on if you like twitter or not 
"@piktor, very true my friend. Anyone who knows me will tell you I'm ALL about quality...to a fault sometimes! Still fun to reach 1000. "
@mileycyrus now i think its definitely a nap 
@kiyastars  yeah those are the best 
Downloading Hannah Montana music to make me happy  It's how i pass my the time.
"@Mauigina no probs, i am glad you appreciate the content that i am providing  it means alot"
@Asi_Sharabi was the coffee that strong? 
@fubar69 I heard being a hooker pays well... 
nice! mitter gives growl-like updates. 
i'm up...have to clean my room and will bake some cake for tomorrow  in 13 1/2 hours its my b-day hehe
"@kazeemmusic Love the Mario song, and thanks for ur nice words  And yeah i hate the eminem track!"
@aheartofstars well it definitely did that I do agree with you there.  im okay now though 
@jadmalala: thanks.  short na nga patience ko tapos dadagdag pa yung summer heat. just wanted to explode kanina.
Liked &quot;just watched the first episode of kyoto animations &quot;k-on&quot;. good animation and moe-overkill  good fun!&quot; [pic] http://ff.im/1XyqC
Funny Courtroom Quotations  http://rinkworks.com/said/courtroom.shtml
"@mrsdarwin if you put an @ in front of my name, it'll always get to me "
@fossiloflife boy... online-ish... 
Will not be going to Nottingham today so no book browsing. boo. Had lovely delicious dream though so will console myself with that 
"BTW- if you're sick, I found the best medicine!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wg_L0wGTyA"
@Stephaneeey anytime anyplace huh?. wooooorrrddd!! 
@clashcityrocker now there was I thinking it was just a more upmarket  T3.   but seriously great to see a new mag launch at time like this
YAY it works! 
"@JennaMadison hey what about the girls? LOL http://www.writerobinson.com would LOVE a stumble or two!  LOL .... just butting in, sorry! "
@chantelYO ohh sarcasm. im proud.  for a min there i was worried. and no its not bad. she likes rupert not an australian guy.
@boswellian You have to be very carefull then with the charismatic PM. Personally both are not doing anithing for me 
Woohoo! Its been a very long time since ivent goneback here in China. Aww. I miss Korea tuloy. I miss my fambam esp my cousins. Lmao. 
@MotionX Great -  I look forward to trying out the new features 
"@pantone801 Subiaco! It's the fact I have skin tight jeans, a large white shirt and a black ribbon bow! It happens a lot, no big deal "
About 1/2 an hour before I bring the program to an end ... Got a little something for you.  http://www.wlrn.org
@tinypurplefish Cheer up..Its going to rain later! 
"watching castle, ahaha its good "
Hey! Just having breakfast. Chocolate chip weetabix minis and a hot-cross bun - topped off with pure orange juice  !
@guardian_renata  yes it is 
Done booking up flights to head bak home 
@holyschmoke You don't look old anyway - it's the smile that does it 
@SexySubKaylee doin great! and u gurl? 
Worked today. Like every other day of my life. But its was ok today  So now im watching the game. highly recommended. fantastic movie.
"@disciplex The coffee machine is in the kitchen, just to the left of the sink "
@blackberryman Sounds like you have a story to share about your blackberry too? Please do! 
"@lexaah if by demanding, you mean simple? then yes. yes, they are "
Some days you just can't help thinking about those people you don't see any more and asking yourself...wondering &amp; hoping they are well. 
@Lady_Twitster Hehe I should have known you would come up with something like that  doesn't feel like trapped wind
@Adium is now on twitter. 
@Azlemed thats good 
@JenGregory yea love radio 1 in the morning! how r u? yeah looking forward to tomorrow too  x
@Airrun It is fun thats how I get to meet all these entertainers 
"@herbpayne oh yikes, that was what we worked out! I'll sort a list of references for you "
"just returned from BNI - KB great job  - but now removing axe from back, 1 member I think hates me"
Hm maybe if I turn off the sound Dawaun 
@chregu So its blowing budget day? 
"@nicolerichie omg, yes. summer vacation! they're so old school "
@Adrianna @TofferNelson Thank you so much for Retweet  you guys Rock! 
@DazzleMeThis Nawww. Im glad i can make you smile. Like this &gt;&gt;    hehehehehe. Do you have a bf? He'd be a lucky guy i reckon!
New Canteen / cafeteria meaning the management has changed.. 
@Zikes @zachriel @brokenboulevard Stop spamming my twitter damnit! And have a nice time at ikea 
Glad to see I'm back 
Listening to music. Talking to the bestie. &amp;Making plans to see the HM movie this Friday 
"@RacingHippo lmao, they do have some rather impressive examples "
good night miley!!! &lt;3 you will see sofie soon! 
@ElspethMurray I don't know what Chicago debrief is but it sounds interesting 
"@mahafreed oh surely! snooty, rude, blah. and this is experience speaking! "
mmmm!! peach gummy!! 
@OfficialPRofOZ heya girl 
@kevinrose - I'm in it   But I haven't seen it yet!!
bye  hope ur having fun with her though
@billgates It has to be 'Ultimate' 
"Had a great swim this morning, apart from nearly being swam straight into at top speed, and having to dive into the next lane "
work break yayyyyyyy vanilla coke and sour skittles... the only way to go 
Happy days. Summer is here   http://twitpic.com/2y6p2
I could do with some chocolate milk 
Just realised I haven't Tweeted for four days. Hello 
Watching Neighbours 
@Irish_Siobhan yes you do 
"@sonialexandra The concept of truth is irrelevant to survival, but the truth is whatever works is regarded as truth. "
@mehulved nope...from trauma to the thorax 
most wanted  by alan braxe and fred falke makes everything better. and i wasn't even feeling bad 
@lilyroseallen I wished you would've signed my CD tonight. Thanks for talking to us for a bit outside the window. Greaaat show 
@JourneyJuju That's a clear signal urging you to stay! You of all people should get that. 
"@rustyrockets Hell yes, do it. If the scummy cunts at the daily mail can do it to you then you can do it to out MPs. Fo Sho "
@TonyaTko I see you escaped the evil step mom 
@jmcdermott_ie @johnnypez might have a few tips for you if you ask nicely 
Will Chidambaram ask for other shoe? Already he got one. 
@dajbelshaw Yep! That's the one ï¿½ I ran out of characters  I paid for the Pro version to get export to pdf/html manuals. It's Windows too
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - gosh! that's one adorable little dog. i can't sleep without my dog too 
@dian_yach Can't wait too Dee.... 
@corecases you saw I have your cases in my collection too 
"@tayswift love your songs, hope you'll perform in Belgium in the near future "
"last day of work before the passover vacation, can't wait! Gonna focus on my blog and improve it as much as possible "
@wisequeen most excellent in every way 
"@rolytaylor Ideally as a player, but listening OK. Nielsen wrote 6 so sandwich well. "
im happy because im going out 2 c my lil cuzons    is it right 2 feel like tht ?
"At TC Beach Online(Kuantan(Malaysia)Macdonald's), Just Register Twitter ! Hello All The Twitter's !!! "
is very proud of  Jeremy who just graduated to a full yellow belt in Karate 
I just understand why some places are to be called &quot;home&quot; 
"Bonjour Twitter... I'm going to buy the MacHeist Bundle...  designing a eshop again today, going to be expert in that!"
"@tmofee I was going to say the same thing! having fun at dinner, I know I will be "
"@rachellondon Lol, I llove the song 'I'm Blue' "
enjoying Martin Dougiamas' keynote of Moodle Moot UK 09  &quot;who here is tweeting at the moment?&quot; #mmuk09
@valxx http://twitpic.com/2w1uj - And the artwork's by Billy from the Chronicles album - awesome 
Morning Twitters  How Is Every One On This Sunny / Cold Day In England
booked my hair appointment 
"That's me and me friend. And I'm not drunk, just very tired  http://tinyurl.com/d5ymu2"
"finally calm, and ready for bed  ...all positive thoughts for the rest of the day!"
am worried about my poorly looking puppy 
"@doctorquincy - 3 yrs of trying open didnt work after 20yrs of monogomy. Maybe if that is the basis from the start, who knows....... "
late night quinn matches with @zadr and @simX. 
http://twitpic.com/2y6rn - Dinner was yummo tonight!H/made tuna patties and Mediterranean salad! @mister_soft this ones for you 
Is a cracking sunny morning in belfast it 
@FranzFangirl YAY!  Now tell me what games you get and we can arrange some Wii dates.  
G'm ya'll! Tired tis' morn. Runnin round cleanin &amp; DYIing like a headless chicken!Hubby &amp; I did a brilliant job on our new bathroom floor 
@chrismdp to be fair at any other company it would be the Juniors first job to know where the coffee machine is. I &lt;3 Eden! 
@zappy_ro welcome to the club 
Mmmm... self-inflicted sleep deprivation. Came up with a fun card idea though. 
"@aussie_ali will do, brolly a problem, in Syd "
1 day hopefully 
@JasonPMcRussell I used to think that as well...honestly it has been fairly easy to use. But I'm a coder and I like working on the shell 
"@epi_longo yes, my thesis is named after that book "
jammin to the pod all day and night 
is off to london today... swiss cottage to be precise!  x
@jackiemcghee Hmm. They want to capture ALL my internet activity. I hope they have a LOT of storage space. 
"@Veekalvsjbx3 Hah, nothing beats our conversations.  Wow."
EEEEEWWWWWW to say the least! i rest my case. Gnite 
@shruticute LOL... he's new... and he's a prankster...  trying to name a character i am trying to create...
@chriismaytee well facebook is a cunt and it is soooooooooooo boring :Z i could go to sleep 
goodtimes with @brootalbrin @cameronlovesbbw &amp; nemo!    ---goodnight. oh and... DONT U EVER FUCKIN HIT ME UP FOR MONEY EVER AGAIN! lol
@feelshorrible still love u though don't be mad 
@piriyah blog on your website 
@LucasBlack Well it made me LMAO and that's good going for me first thing in a morning 
@djg1 @joerearden @xlad @kupkakeinator @Chisstwitt @maxiec @smartiej LOL it is the weather that is windy not me 
@diablocody No fail whale means you have a steady internet connection. Be proud to have never seen it 
surfing 
addicting sites.. addicting shite 
"@LeezeArray Morning, miss! "
@jerichoK ex bf's grandpa. but we're cool. he's married now with a son 
Rock the bells launch party tomorrow! Exciited 
"@jerrycchen hehehe! Good morning, it's night here, time for me to chill out and relax "
@iambluecube Yep - its not Random - its a character counter  To be fair the site is well overdue a redesign - its just finding time!
"Ahhh all fresh and clean now  Plenty of time to have a nice refreshing coffee before going to sign on to the dole, then come back n admin"
I put my blackberry on 2g and its working perfectly 
"@T_Sila Lol, &quot;plug and chug&quot;? Sounds like a night out more than math "
"@chrismdp Hi chris, nice to see another british ror developer "
"@HappyBob Right now, anyone's good. What I'm most interested in is trying out my research method, not getting useful results. "
photography exam tomorrow. 2 people in my class.. me inclusive. why the fuck study? haha. all i can come is first of second.  ha.
We made @mathys think  Cool guy!  http://mobypicture.com/?sm516w
@ordell we believe an email has been sent to you? 
@JennaMadison btw thanks for the recommend to @SexySubKaylee you both rock! 
time for bed. lots to do the rest of this week. photo shoot this weekend. fun fun fun. 
i will fail chem test tomorrow. meh atleast i don't have to go to weights anymore 
@Ed_Westwick Hey Ed  How's it going?
"@mrBallistic Very true. Lack of Adobe Apps = focus. Depends on what you do, though. Browser alone could be a distraction "
Wahhey! Going on a Roadtrip to Nottingham. Lol. Visiting Julie &amp; My Nana and Grandad. 
"My Report Was: English: B-, Modern History: A-, Geography: B, Maths B: B-, Accounting: A and IPT: A      "
Just recorded an awesome new demo  Peep it! http://tinyurl.com/cd2qc8
@christopherbieg GO FOR IT!!! Singapore's great! 
@jharsem Nice that you''ve changed your avatar so we know what you look like 
@sloanelawdog Morning - I'm well thanks - damn those irregular sleep patterns 
@brampitoyo Yup! I'm a devotee of the regular plus  just spicy enough to burn my fragile tongue while still tasting flavor.
@quantie Cream Cafe &amp; Bar Thurs 10:30 communal office out of office working 
@Maggotron haha! we think it might have been a little old lady that lives 2 doors down. She must be more nimble than we though 
@una_avion2010 Let's go backpacking with him.. 
"@LBugnion by the way, saying yes to 2 girls while you are on the flight to visit your gf would be kinda wrong don't you think "
@bradiewebbstack i love the smell of rain  how are u ? xox
"Just chillin, Watermelon is probz ma fav "
yayayayay. I get to not work friday and actually go to my grandparents 
@cesgcaffeine So cool!  Looooooooooooooove junk food 
"@levelboss jo, aber business days  also montag bis freitag..."
im at work waiting for the clock to strike 6 
@nexs007 @StephenDon24 I am confident my enforced break will give me freshness and desire that maybe lacking in other players 
@flyyoufools Not a problem at all ... 
@garyshort coming back to a nice sunny day mate 
@Veronica Ohh Welcome to London  ...
"@dokus go back to sleep, maybe it'll come back "
@web2asia -- great photos Georg! your serious Austrian dude image is a front. via @ajschokora's blog  http://is.gd/ra2r
@CrazyForSP hey whats up? thx for the follow!! 
@Boogaloo1 oh dear!!! now why would you want to do something as stupid as stay off the booze for a whole month 
@Julia_B I love kiwi fruit and porridge! Kiwi fruit on pancakes also surprisingly good 
@JoeMcIntyre finally u are here!Awesome!Hope u know how crazy this is-just ask Donnie &amp; Jon  Already looking forward to your tweets...
@veganza Congratulations! Wishing you a speedy recovery and the joy of baby iron-clasp-ed grip on your pinkie finger 
chatting with my friends in YM!!!! 
voting for short stack on hot 30 
@philbolsta nice to see someone in the TC is up with me 
Blahh Work til 2:30........I hate waking up at 3am that makes for a long day!!!!! but hopefully TacoBell later today yumo 
@THEREALMISCHA i'm really glad i'm now following the real mischa 
"I had a blast at the Lily Allen show tonight.  @lilyroseallen, you are awesome! "
Fame Can Change People. Lets Get One Thing Straight  There is No Reason To Change. (GET IT) 
@Shiggity1 LATE LATE LATE!! how could you let yourself fall behind on House MD? 
@katied09 I sold it to a mad on cycling 15 year old little girl  warmed  My cockles it did =-)
Planning to renovate small bathroom. leaning towards &quot;subway&quot; style tiles on the tub surround (white) Going for the 1930's look 
"@AlmaLaCubana Nah, his wife said, if he behaves, she'd buy him a churro. haha Sounds pretty good, right about now. "
"me and joy, mostly joy, just made a family tree - only one side of the family. check it out on my myspace if you have me as a friend! "
FREE SHIPPING TUESDAY! Enter in code &quot;07raus09&quot; (without quotes) at checkout for free shipping 
Post-midnight beach run 
cant wait to do ma hair 
@MyAppleStuff hehe have to confess i too didn't read it that way 
It's nearly easter!!! yay!!! mmm chocolate 
Gooodnight nashville. House hunting tomorrow...any help... Helps. 
"Welcome back to Serge, Twitter  Portlets are now properly recognized with Pluto 2 and Websphere, more testing needed"
"@CarrieGee Toronto, eh? If you see a 5'2&quot; goddess named Amy  Jo Johnson running around there, tell her I say hello.  "
@xxneonninjaxx wooooo you finally have a picture! 
@heidiheartshugs About time. Thanks in advance 
Maria says Paul is our hero after jumping our car at the hospital so we could take our baby home!  Then he disappeared like Superman 
@patphelan As the Merovingian (sp?) would say ... cause and effect   (I also passionately hate airports)
@jupin2 tak at to prezijes! 
@allenjesson Ok I'm convinced you are a twitter expert...I was going with a rockin robin fanatic theory...but this one works too  Thanks!
"is loving the sunshine, loving having slept, loving life in general "
@mandyyjirouxx http://twitpic.com/2y6t7 - you two are gorgeous 
Good morning everyone! 
"Just got home from @henrychen's night shoot workshop, good times in Long Beach! "
"Morning off, being lazy "
Cover of Womanizer is going online today at 4pm on MySpace  get ready for the best cover song of your life! Lol xx
"@m_ariii alright, now we're talking! "
"@msmoss Haha yes that's me, for my sins "
"good morning, good morning, how is the world with you? good morning, good morning to youuuuu! "
OH MY GOD TOO MANY CHARACTERS   
@disciplex 
humid in qld. decided i want a whole new wardrobe today  finally deciding on what i want to do for my 16th ...
In the UK? Got a BlackBerry? 2mths FREE SpinVox Voicemail right here!  http://spinvox.com/bb
"Joey uh oh, CS4 said &quot;excuse the interruption but... JUST WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING!?&quot; (paraphrased) oopsie!  (keygenkeyg.."
"@chummy828 haha, andami nu pala there  coolness!"
"He abolished taxes for doctors, teachers, priests and educational institutions! (emphasis added) An enlightened warlord? "
"@yamstersg Yes, then the world will finally know what is going on withing the Scottish #bus network!  "
@makemineamac feels great  thankyou 
"@AdamSpiel I am working on http://www.mobipowerpacks.com this week, we have radio adverts to make and magazine adverts to prepare "
the duel: road rules/ real world challenge looks goooooood 
@Cole_Sprouse Yoo  You should follow me. And  come to England!  xo
@MakeupTalk http://www.stabmag.com/littleweeds/the-littleweeds/Kim-Andison  vote for me plz 
theyre baaaaack 
just went for i drive around pretty pro hahawell i like to think so. im really tired right now. going shopping tomorrow  yay
@michaelgrainger lmao! I understand bro...trust me 
"my 2nd year in Heart of God church! Just finished a series of sms and conference, tired but happy things are moving "
@atebits Can't sleep! Still waiting for tweetie on mac 
@KikiValdes Never worry what others think. Is that okay with you? 
@johnquin Morning! You back to your old self? LOL 
is playingggg restaurant city 
not liking the idea of school all day :/ but hopefully after i'll be able to work out then GO OUT 
@Debblues that pic was taken when I found out the entire night of presentations was going to be in Hebrew!  #videoTLV
"@djlittle  Sorry my twitter is slow today so have already drank both! Otherwise you could have had one, honest!"
@lsfashionista I was checking out your website and realized we both have Elan Extreme Magazine in common. 
@mieranadhirah hi sweety you also here  
"@lauramumford haha, don't worry my twitter friend, no 1 knows what they are doing at first "
"Salam Sami, Good luck. The best wishes for you  ws Esma"
"@Schofe Generic, girly, girly, generic, girly, girly and grisly. "
"@joannazuniga: oh i think you mentioned this cousin na before.  (i think).  anyway, let me know which scene so i can look for him too. "
about to lay in bed searching on the new blackberry 
"@DJEDSKI Great, then I'll be sure to come over and say hello. "
@lilyroseallen that's hotel tv's for ya 
that was fun last night  too bad i gotta work now.. need more sleep for tonight's concert
"@DTPHULP  lol, me too....    You do know that the sound of your voice is great ?  We only need to do some euh fine-tuning... "
@everyone morning 
"@remainamystery I think I already did  Cardiff, here I come "
Going to see Rob Brydon in October  yay!
Got the tube at peak hour &amp; got a seat?! wooh! Stupidly/dilariously happy at that... how sad lol 
The new FriendFeed UI is actually manageable at 2:30AM  http://ff.im/1Y2z6
"@megelder it has to be done one day, so I better start early "
"@Schofe I hope when you cover twitter you'll do how the press are trying to hound celebs for their twitterings, re@Wossy &amp; @rustyrockets "
Sweet! Its begun  Breaking News: the world is going to end aha oh shit lol
@kisswithatear lols  scared are we?
Proofing husband's hilarious article about &quot;Running a business out of it&quot; .... Dang he's funny  #business
@jagusti Welcome back to sunnny Sheffield 
http://twitpic.com/2y6w6 - forgot to say I painted my nails this crazy green today and they look um odd. 
@crazytwism haha ^^ maybe they'll add the &quot;throw shoes&quot; competition in the Parlament - I wonder who'll win 
"@emotionalpedant Thanks EP. For a man at home alone, Blip is a godsend. Mwah "
@quriouszee i love white horses. 
just got home aftre a night with justine 
"have you noticed that &quot;goodnight&quot; is trending topic now .. my working day started few hours ago, waiting for good morning "
@DonnaFox oooo that's a good name for an 'exercise' haha. I'll elaborate next time 
@sermoa http://ykyat.com/~37mqt - First thing I turned off 
"@hankatplayer I'm a bit late in replying but hey :p The Matrix trilogy (ï¿½4 for all three, go me!) and Fight Club. "
"@m_mekin One liners are very powerful, twitter is a prime example "
Recovering (in work) after d Beat 102 103 wedding yest... Good craic 
@myfolia Just to let you know that you guys are doing a great job! 
@antwoordbiblio Perfecto! 
@chrismdp!! @disciplex!! Is this a morning shout-out? 
That sounds rather tragic. But good night all the same. 
@jerichoK i'm fine. thanks! 
"listening to Richard Hawley, Baby you're my light "
"Having a tweet day, so get ready for the updates "
@odo_snape_maven SO true.  tho Odo is plenty sexy just as he is. ;) &amp;i'm sure Nerys agrees. 
@OfficialPRofOZ I had to look twice at ur name lol at 1st it looked like Official Pro of OZ lol 
@Pussycat253 course it will be  you will look back and think &quot;I am glad I spent 9 hours a day in that room&quot; 
@kirisutegomen4 doing my best  Looking forward to the upcoming Aus shows.
@shaundiviney im having pizza tonight too  hehe.
@billgates home premium  but i still think it should be called just &quot;Home&quot;
Flutter Takes Twitter MicroBlogging To The Next Level http://twurl.nl/jxynqm  lol
@ankeshk that one was a serious/concerned tweet 
 just happy.that's all i'm tweeting now
@Specialesumpen a good (very drunk) friend did exactly that at a party once ... It never ends 
"Okay, that last  tweet was a retweet from @MauiMichael -- got his name tied up to the the word Madness. Time to go to bed. G'night! "
@mensdomain People who actually live here! aha but i love it here 
@mihaim I'm under pressure now 
@kelsitesta ahh! I love you! I'm glad your out just chillin/relaxing you deserve it!. Give natty a big hug for me.  
"Here comes the sun, Do do do do, Her comes the sun, And I say... ...It's a glorious shorts day  Whupeee "
@RandomReTweet thanks for the (random) retweet!  
"Acabo de terminar de ver X-men Origins: Wolverine, Coraline &amp; The secret life of the bees &lt;3 nice mondaaay! "
Yes Manech...you stink of fish...get over it 
Still sick at home....flu...trying out several twitter desktop clients 
new york  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvShC9X4tzQ
Photo: kml: You finally got a Tumblr  I bet I know who this is about. Does he still hate me? FOR JAS. Aw  http://tumblr.com/xdr1jtklx
@ruskin147 I have bought it as a one off at the moment to see what it is like  Wouldn't kick the gift subscription out of the mag rack!
@PicturePostcard search up Restaurant City application on facebook 
FTTN dumped!! 40bill going to a FTTH network 
Asked for Joburg advice by @robtheshep One word - Kevlar  #fb
@sillypucci   Yes and it won't be long before you are playing easter bunny too! It's so much fun Em.  Have you been well?
@varunsriram I am on air everyday and get sick of being appropriate.  so you are my outlet.  
I'm having a harry potter marothon! I'm such a dork! 
"@phillprice Very cool, I like it  http://tinyurl.com/cs93h4"
@JPLS I'm goin to see him in september 
Is on Twiiterr  yaay. I dont know how to use it though. :/
hurrah! finished the text content for my rose tutorial and now just have to piece it all together and make it look pretty 
"george lopez is keeping me awake, my final tweet until i wake up "
@SarahSaner Bit of morning crumpet? cue Sid James laugh 
@jojo_1003 i guess a Iphone? 
Just woke up 
"I should probably check to see what those missing lyrics were.  Incidentally, spam spam spam spam. "
"Ah pois ï¿½ DogKiller, Big Brother is watching you hehe "
"Late-night west-coast meeting online. Things are going so, SO well. "
@lesley007  i just cant get enough lol ;)
"@paulewatts Gods, I'm not sure what's going on. I think I'll wait for the 50D replacement "
@Lesley_M If only you werent on the other side of the Ocean Hmmm I am looking for a job!  x
its a super foggy creepy night out.... im glad im safe in my bed 
Started my day right.. saw him smoking on the 2nd. Hot  pays to come to work early. haha!
"GUys, heard about any money saving tips that you want to share?  Feel free to tweet them my way!  "
Awesome ! my apple care and protection plan lasts untill end of april. Looks like they'll fix it all and I have nothing to pay for it 
The University of Pretoria is a great place to contract at 
@jashiu And stop this 'geek babble' 
@michaelgrainger lmao! you're on a roll 2nite bro!  hellyeah!
"Party - Demi Lovato - i really could use a party now, guys how bout end of term party "
Taking it slow today - still suffering from a lack of sleep. But as there's just a bit of patching today... *snore*  http://bit.ly/f5g3
breakfast done...shower done...time to get myself sorted for a day of essay writing! 
"I'm preparing to detox next wednesday, so more on fruits and veggies for me this week till next week "
time for bed  night twitters
"@TheGazzMan Yeah, if you like him, you'll like IL Divo! "
@taylorswift13 called her character abigail. we didn't even plan it hahahah 
"@Nessepes just put the @ and his name in the screen above , because you can't reply to him yet ! But he should get this  Lets hope , haha"
http://twitpic.com/2y6zo - Twitpic-ing my jacuzzi  LOVING that the weather is warm enough to go!
"@Jinxie_G Thank u i m feeling better today though and ur werwolf story was awesome, do u write a lot of scary stuff? i LOVE scary stuff! "
Twitter is a legacy app  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeLZCy-_m3s
36 degrees... Springtime in Georgia!  Glad I didn't plant last weekend 
I'm just thumbing along!    
"@aliceverheij lol, thanks anyway! "
just baked cookies BY MYSELF!!! 
Happy 7 months to my Baby &amp; I! &lt;3   can't wait for dinner! Woots!
Morning people. I thought I'd make a start on the 32's. One down. 
"Harley says pls can he meet friendly dogs, less woof more wag "
Do my guess the song thing  http://member.mibba.com/13328/ @jessisahero @SirLoz
@katiepiatt Re; Car parking - I'm not sure your hat is working 
@b50 I am a print journo who wants to do TV someday 
@nexs007 sure I can manage the odd ps3 practice session too. Just cos I'm nice 
Ahhh Doctor who is so awesome!!! I got to see number 9 turn into number 10. The hot one 
I also just want to give acknowledgement to my dad &amp; half-siblings before I COMPLETELY leave. For them I'm completely grateful! 
@dellvink @rosiegarland Narr some of the @CTUB followers are not local but are interested in what goes on here 
woke up to sunshine today just makes me feel a whole lot happier 
Twitter is so great on my iPhone 
@foreverkid haha loveeeee  That'll be a mad show.
i got very excited last night when my uggs arrived 
"only a short day week for me this week, i was off yesterday and then i am off to Wales on Thurday night to do some long distance cycling "
@WakeUpCall1079 i listen to you guys every morning!  thanks for the great shows 
"@Brochner Well we do need people in here, so you're free to join us! It'll be great "
u donï¿½t know? (me too) 
I'm off today... Yay!!! 
@shaundiviney Pizza is awesome 
"@gtvone I use a HP PhotoSmart Pro B9180, absolutely love it, especially the quality of B&amp;W's "
i feel like hot cross buns.   
Busy week! Met with an outreach worker today about doing group activities  Decided Im going to really push myself to recover from anxiety!
@robluketic http://twitpic.com/2y6z0 - So another person with twitterthumbitis eh? Med bills must be HUGE 
@artemisrex lol! you're so mean to @Isak! Only because you're jealous 
"just so YOU know, i feel like i just washed my soul today. "
@tommcfly Wooo Johnson's baby haha what all the great rockstars use  xx
waiting for home &amp; away to come on .   gotta love that shoooow 
watching cartoons 
is home and having dinner yummy fish fingers 
And So drunk that im all numb and tingly. Good thing I'm not a real nurse yet or I'd take that to be a sign of head injury. Lifes great! 
@nerimon Just watched all of your VEDA videos. Intro is yay 
@saud264 thanks for the replay .. let's give it a try then 
@mdbraber Depends on if you see a use for the applications 
@fraggierocks Long time no speak  When is baby frags due hun?
"Looking forward to spending the day with Adele, George and Max today "
"@xMileyCyrusx I'm watching hannah montana right now  haha, it's hilarious. and you are so talented! "
"@Dutchrudder Saddle up the buggy! lol How cute! Have a great day Steve &amp; take care, thinking of you  Tweet you later xx"
Night Twitter. Babycakes party tomorrow probably. 
hooray! got payed at midnight and then turned around and payed taxes about 30 min later. now off to bed 
@birdgeek can you make a Stef octopus? 
ohhhhhhhhhhh what a beuatiful day...............wohooooooo hot hot hot 
"@donnyosmond Greetings from Cardiff, UK. "
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - Omg she is such a cutie! 
"Only just woke up,  8 hours sleep is so great. I want a costa hot chocolate with marshmellows! xxzx"
@geekgirls No problem! 
thanks everyone for your words its really lovely and overwhelming  Thanks
"@susanstn I will, I will until I sleep "
@estar79 It wasn't me....I am looking for that sunshine too!! 
"@yipikiyayey21 ok kewl, juz let the Children's Church know kc they're in need, or in the words of daniel, 'desperate' of a musician "
@wedgienet Yay! Where's the bazaar? I'm excited for you! Hope you sell loads of your stuff! 
Nearly a full house at #theBarn today. Nice atmosphere 
Cupcake heaven! http://ilovecupcakes.co.za/  check out the shop!  nice #design  (weird contact info popup tho)
@maskedkali looks like it's turning into a bad habit as well 
php eh - with Ubanktu - a thing of the future or just a tool for the anti establishment?  - seriously - any thoughts?
@RosalieLHale your welcome!! 
@shannanstedman no i cant see it until later that day. i got a funeral.this sucks.So i no u want to c it twice  nah jokes.
work in progress 
@RLFloyd yeah I am usiing nambu after @fulltimecasual mentioned it on @mactalk it's good but tweetie is... Tweetie! 
@jillporto congrats!!  what will u be doing?
hid some easter eggs... ready... set... hunt! 
"@nichelady Well, HTC is the only one that makes them  Then again, they make pretty much every smart phone in the world. I &lt;3 Windows..."
@clark_j   Hi yourself.  Only a few words sorry 
Lipton tea -so delicious and calming (even with teine)...gotta love it! and I DO love it 
@BrynDrescher LOL History belongs to the last person to write it... 100 years from now could well be rocking robin 
cooked pasta for my sister. It's her birthday tom 
today's gonna be gooooood 
"@bigbelbess aha, just beat you to that, minus the ska though, may just indulge "
my iPod touch have this tendency to pick Jacky Cheung's songs every time I say Shuffle... 
@LichfieldBlog You're forgiven. There's a footy team in Brereton apparently. Tweet @JarrattDavis for the deets 
@unitej wow congratulations!!! That's awesome! Well done. 
"after smoking for 16 years , i have now not had a smoke for 4 weeks and 1 day  woooohooooo happy days"
@libbyoliver Hes my Ravin Rabbid! 
And I'm quite chuffed: Finally shelled out the cash for my ticket to WWDC.  Now there's just that matter for passport photos &amp; my flight 
"u would never think that three 15 year olds who have soooo much fun with a giant mr potato head!!   (&quot;,) &lt;3"
"back to the grind of a 9-5, only for three days though! "
@selmarieg you're seriously so gorgeous &amp; flawless 
"@uhhfansite YAY! Thank you! I've been searching for it and finding nothing. I'll watch it when I'm back home, lately.. can't wait "
@forfolkssake eeee thank you! 
@maxmute enjoy your day! 
I would twitpic it but my attackers are in the near vicinity. My view from the inside it's a bit dark  http://twitpic.com/2y72v
@shumarani good morning Evil Twin! 
@MyAppleStuff I'm just going to make peanut butter on toast!! Not as healthy as yours 
@gfaraujo It's a god session 
"just started watching X-Men Origins: Wolverine, looking good so far "
@LLCOOLDAVE watching nowwwww 
@MrMadsen 
@Admetcetera And of course I do not hate you!!!!!!! ;D It's the thought that counts and all  &lt;3
home Housework tackled now bed And zzzz 
is missing my man but is keeping busy with the family staying 
Only two office based days till Bank Holiday! Bring on the four day weekend! 
"@jonskeet Ah, the naming bites again! Picked those from Python, which seems like a reasonable thing to doï¿½stand on shoulders of giants. "
"@chiefchimpanzee I was expecting &quot;the screen&quot; in reply, but you came close... "
@michaelmagical Hello thank you 
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - Cute puppy dog x i dont see the point of leaving comment as probably no one will read it xxxxxxx 
"@Mattass88 you should, it's really good "
Spring is really here. Swans are back 
shopping 
Odstartoval code review a pri te prilzezitosti se zacetl do Bad smells in code z knihy Refactoring.Vycet smradu http://tinyurl.com/dj5v7u 
@SarahJGoldsack Apart from giving Joe formula instead of the THREE BOTTLES I'd prepared - grrr - he was great 
@LFTA &quot;This morning I woke up...Feeling brand new I...I jumped up. Feeling my higgggh n my looow n my sooooul n my clothes...&quot; 
@savannahsings Thanks for the follow. Good luck with your aspirations 
"Gotta love Viz: &quot;don't know why everyone's so pleased America has a black president. Zimbabwe's had one for years, and he's shit!&quot; "
@iDesk Cool  thank you for that
@monkeylover35 Well it feels a little raped today but its calmed down. 
"http://toomanypplhaveblogs.blogspot.com/ new post on romantic comedies vs. reality. plz comment or whatever, i like feedback "
"@sorcha69 I like the chipper you....I'm in serious good humor today as well, must be something in the air...opium perhaps "
"@rustyrockets Here's a thought-why don't you go shag a corrupt MPs daughter, then inadvertently get them to pay your fine through bribery "
"@JonathanRKnight thanks for getting Joey Joe on twitter Jon, now all we need is Jordan &amp; Danny on it  xxx"
@moneceann Going somewhere? 
"@DujourMag tnx on your answer  what is the price of subscribing worldwide , not online tnx"
"Just came back from homeee~~   Feel like shitting now.. -,- BYEE~~ See you lata! "
@enchris pretty good  There is always something to do around here i guess haha hows Padova???
Making the most of my vaction by sleeping and finding some new music to listen to. 1901 by Phoenix is my new jam. 
@MattiasInk time to dumb down 
@ERINDIGIOIA it's takes awhile to sink in but one you get it it's addictive! 
"@unravelling it's just not as bad as it was... either I got used to the way life as it is here, or I've adjusted my expectation somehow "
@RWBEagle did you go? if so ...g'nite 
@jonw_uk hmm.. slightly different scenarios methinks 
I'm now the proud father of two sons.  http://twitpic.com/2y73a
"figuring out facebook, and adding twitter celebs "
@Ken_Day that's Pareto's Principle in action 
Getting ready for a customer demo. Everyone's stress level are high! 
@ramdomthoughts Oh no the little yellow guy is the real me  .. heheh.mind you my twitter home page gave it away as well .
as cant get tickets to Gadget show am taking boys Snibston as peace offering 
"@mikearthur I think it's genius (taking shrooms notwithstanding) I'm not sure how well it translates beyond the 1st time, but it's magic! "
"@dannyking Yeah, I saw it. Really nice &amp; simple UI! Thanks "
@Bathbad Um. Already took care of that ALL day 
i'm working and playing very hard! looking fwd to Italia on Thursday 
is downloading Tap Tap Coldplay! 
"@jordynhill7 yeah u can, were going to greenbelt...some condo there  call me if u decide to play hookie hehe"
@Swizec easy  no pain no gain  &quot;now gimme 50&quot; 
is about to sleep for reals now. smmmealllyalaaatarzzz!! Hehehehehe.  XOXOX! 
I am explaining my collegeau how twitter works 
"@ErikGelderblom it's like one blurry cloud! and every cloud is, apart from density, at the same spot! useless Erik, have a 2nd look "
@acsam good to hear... 
Laptop doctor arrived and the moment he touched my comp it worked! ï¿½10 to have a man look at my working computer - brilliant! 
"creating a health check report, all these red dots, this can't be good "
Beer batter's good though 
kent - vinternoll2  its a good song you should totes listen 
"Cool, Dancing With The Stars is on and I am transported again to my dream of being a fab dancer,  where I get 10's all round "
@broken_thought Yayyyyy! I can't wait! 
loads of sales this week from my website bluelillys.co.uk will have to work hard to replace items now 
"@nikkidowie yes, that's so weird that weve missed all this!  What r u doin in Vannie? P.s. love your piccis 2!"
@LittleFletcher you should read it again thenn!! it IS really good  x
Wondering where all my friends are at this hour? Wake up . . . 
@igorkheifets got your email - just give me a time that suits - talk soon 
@haykuro How did you fix the headset/camera problem? Was it just libaudio.so and libcamera.so (and dependencies)? Just being curious 
right I am off to the hospital  seeya later 
@aparajuli yaaaaayyy... you got a crumpler bag  can you take a pic and post?
@MandyyJirouxx  Say Hello  lol x
"@mgrmike Hi Mike!  I would love for you to download my cd, &quot;bend&quot;, for $4 @ http://www.jennifervazquez.com/products.htm  You'll luv it! "
"@MrW0nderful Damn fine sir, damn fine. Flikr Pro, hear me *ROAR*. Shall be some vigorous uploading this evening "
"@identity4 http://twitpic.com/2y710 - 1 : 1.618 - Hahaha, that's awesome! "
@jamiesmart Shall we be forced to listen to metal emo nonsense? Triffeh! 
I am going to get on with things... just as soon as I've finished this coffee  xx
@tkofthewildboyz what genre 
waiting for Easter 
YAY! I'm hanging out with Stephanie and Mario; just like the good ol' days! 
"@mikenyff I do like the Sennheiser MKH415, it's an older 416 w/ 12v power; an adapter is needed to normal XLR. Amazing audio thx to eBay "
Going to minehead today for walk along the beach and fish and chips 
"is debating, Vietnam or the Phillipines? Culture or the sun? Heat or more heat? Life is good "
@KoffeeKosmo wow! How do you get to sleep? 
Great weather today finally the sun is back 
@vindiekins Will do. 
@michaelmagical Not sure either  lol!
is reflecting. 
"More tears, just watched Tru Confessions.  It's probably my favourite Shia LaBeouf movie ever   Everyone should watch this movie."
@PinkAvenue morning Pink 
"@simoncherian I like Shadow... But too dark... Fun, is the keyword... "
"met jack chambers today  ate some yummy thingo from wendys, bought taylor swift's first album, AND got mycamera back. BEST. DAY. EVER! "
Akali Dal to give Jarnail Singh Rs 2 lakh! Jai Ho! 
just opened her twitter account  yay for me
Another beautiful day in Brighton and the sun makes my creativity flow....just a quick cup of green tea b4 I hit the decks 
My sister posted the nicest video for me on facebook 
@BlokesLib Whats the name of that movie? 
Guess I am going to try and get a few hours sleep.... goodnight everyone and sweet dreams 
@studarby Schools are off but I have an assignment on non-fiction writing due in next Friday! 
I love consultancy gigs 
Bought the MH bundle? Create a task called &quot;Mario&quot; or &quot;Star Wars&quot; in &quot;The Hit List&quot;. Make sure your sound is on and complete the tasks! 
is talking with Karin on skype 
apparently so 
eating mummys sheppards pie 
lying down.. comfortably 
@Nuuki Cool  and are you enjoying it? Both of us are looking at new phones but at this rate will NOT have the same thing ;)
Goodness - I STILL haven't packed for Hawaii!!! - It's Jessica Simpson's fault.. She's too cute.. And so was the movie  ..Ahh now what..xx
@theDebbyRyan You seem really cool!! And down to earth!! I hope to work with you and/or meet you some day! It would really be GREAT!! 
Nessie's coming dowwwwn 
@raytoro what colours your bed room -0 i  am rlly interested n my friends and i are haveing bets so what could u tell me please  thanx xx
"@billgates currently I am using beta version which I downloaded from microsoft's website. Its an awesome O/S, also ur new pic looks good. "
Hitten the hay. Have a good nite everyone. Nighty nite. 
"@dottedwithearts hehe, bless you "
@Tallkisscom Too Short to Join!!! Just above miget height here! But might make some tall women a nice &quot;Lap&quot; dog. 
@Molecat84 LOL I'll be sure to pass that on the director ;) Glad you're enjoying it! 
Getting ready to go out  x
@benjamin_cook David Tennant is one extremely good looking man Ben. Enough to turn gay women straight 
@lauracoll eee check you out tweeting! I'm glad it's holliday time too 
@just_reva why jus a politician? there are lots of other very worthwhile targets 
@cloudsteph lmao - gonna be singing that all day now. brilliant 
"@bobbiejohnson [KC blushes} Yes, @dracos reminded me of that &quot;little symbol&quot; too  but it's not visible in apps, which is prob why I forgot"
just finished screen printing 10 shirts + 18 tanks. officially pooped. time for a break 'til morris can come be my helper for tomorrow. 
says good afternoon.  http://plurk.com/p/n0nir
Thanks to everyone who came to MOO Towers yesterday! So exciting to get your feedback. Now we start scheming in earnest 
@theblackwreath : Very cool! 
"back at work, but happy because my colleague gave me some really good news "
"@miletbaker yup, well, absorbing + researching info at the mo. Steep learning kurb mixed with a larger mountain to climb! +Surf Today "
@kinagrannis We're all grateful for the beautiful music you share and dedication you give to us!! Thank you - you're amazing!! 
Using Flash To Make My New Video 
@Lyncinda take your lifebelt 
"@Keris you can upload excel files, and share it with anyone you like "
@mikecj Will do! Thanks for reminding me - certainly helps with the teamwork aspect  Lol - loved the bra size comment. That cracked me up!
"@ramdomthoughts Scott you do make me chuckle... bags, podcasts, lenses.... have you taken any photos yet??  "
@UxSoup not sure.. but you do gotta counter the blackberry offering... iphone would make sense  *back to work*
"didn't go for MT class today  had Sci. project, which is, trust me, waaaay better than wasting time at MT class."
Gooooooooood Morning 
@xJaix Lil Miss Sweetheart eh? hmm. well get better soon Jai. BTW I'm Tri  Lmao. Jai ... Tri... Both ends with III lmao. okay night girl.
@adamlawlz its how u love me now by hey monday 
"@amyknapp We're all good thanks  We're nowhere near the affected area, thank god. Pretty scary though."
Vampires Are Attractive 
"@jaydems I like the sound of this  step one: finding money. haha but shopping, YAY!"
@odo_snape_maven thanks.   so what are you doin at this late hour?
Played table football last night on a table i scored for ï¿½7 from a recycling center - go to the tip this weekend and grab some bargains 
@DujourMag thanks for a great list 
@troppo Twitterfon is great but it converts smileys  into pictures what looks like very bad taste to me.
Has Just Finished Watching All Supermac18 Videos 
30 years today!  Our wedding aniversary.  I want to live with him for ever 
gooodnyt twits  &lt;333 @charlessaysrawr rawr!! bhaha
@colbsi Got it.  You're insane!  INSANE I tell you ;) (No way I could manage that) 
O O 7!! At ocean 11 Yeah  ? http://blip.fm/~3xa1q
Yesss! I didnt cry aha. It just proves that i am a cold hearted jerk!!! Jk 
@peon374 SHOW US PEEKTURES OMG   
@kleinjinx http://twitpic.com/2y720 - This reminds me of headbanging when I had long hair. Sigh. 
@aseemsood it is amazing that you are able to take out time to do this. I would have hired labourers 
"@paulshadwell Of all the people Paul, I didn't expect you!. LOL You got me, now I've got to put out a public notice "
@SaifSiddiqui Just found a rusted paw print on the lane. Will just give it a quick clean. Or say its broken and buy some extension track 
@lrv94 It looks really really great!  I love it   I blogged it on the Throwboy blog!
@xrichard Happy birthday brorsan!! 
@SexySubKaylee Oh! I'm stellar 2nite gurl! I'm havin an amazing shift gurl! and btw ur welcome! 
FUNNIfunniest thing ever? the average content in a shoe box is two. i know right? creepy  hair cut tomorrowwwwwww 
good morning to @lemonknickers ï¿½haiyaa! so late wake up?  ...i want to go home now
"@justads Listening to it now, it's all coming back... I know all these songs, just not by name "
&quot;It's a big ass table. Take that Apple&quot; http://jdem.cz/a9367 
@ingridk me too-with Neighbours and Home&amp;Away.. but always thought it a bit odd 
@tsarnick someone took off MSN on this computer GRRRRRRR I am going to kill!   Hey dad!  luv you
@film24 as long as it's not hot dogs... 
@heidiheartshugs a means to an end? What do you want to do? 
"excited for new ep. of CO-OP, cuz it's all on indie games  can't wait to see Unfinished Swan. @tsunamiskweek it's kinderporno in dutch lol"
"Morning everyone, or afternoon or good evening, thats the beauty of twitter, it's world wide "
"@pdbregman  spot on, what does our limited thoughts allow us to remember from the truth, it's the gift for not understanding too early"
"@iphigenie up up and away!  btw i'm currently using the opera 10 alpha and, apart from 1-2 annoying bugs, it rocks."
I'm enjoying this...who else is enjoying this I wonder???  Just what I need whilst I eat my apple pie 
"@AngelaWB oh yes, and splash page is an entry page that you click to enter the rest of the site. "
@sylver 
"the bass, the rock, the mic, the treble "
@acc_shan  ha ha..i think the annoying customers are worser than mosquitos  I prefer the later.
"@sipdrink  nice new calvins in a rainbow of colours to make the most of his tan, I love them, obv!"
Almost 11 ... I wonder what frank has as a suprise for us 
"Please please please friends of Govanhill Baths, let me in to your empty swimming pool to take photos "
is starting her day of laundry and cleaning.. leaving for Bath in T-20 hours  alot to do! ok. Coloreds &amp; jeans first.. anyone got any?
someone turn on the shower please!! 
@nomadicmatt and if you could sell that much advertising you wouldn't need the coaching would you 
They're taking the hobbits to Isengard http://is.gd/6YA8 and Why is the Rum gone? http://is.gd/rabq Funny music remixes. 
"Nylon..please don't go. We need INDIE mag neighbors! And opening a record label..hmm, guess that's cool. Love my dresses though "
Korea here we come.....we are all very excited 
"@db I barely recognized you all slicked up there Rick  Just wait an hour, they'll be different  How the hell are you? Been a minute."
@michaelgrainger Thank you thank you 
"@Anraiki took a quick look but wanna take some time, will do so this w/end ...thank you 4 sharing yr work  xo Dea"
@pianoboex Good for you 
"@wbaustin  I would love for you to download my cd, &quot;bend&quot;, for $4 @ http://www.jennifervazquez.com/products.htm  Promise you'll luv it! "
Tue ? it must be time for heavy gym session followed by a few martini's tonite at Egerton House Hotel   ahh I love tuesday's
"I'm now officially part of @ouroffice (or put otherwise, I've enabled nmbd-lookup queries "
@SexySubKaylee heh heh  its just been a good nite and my day yesterday rocked too! spent all day with the Mrs! yay! 
Feels like shit. Simple as. Back to sleep  x
@chrisnick YES! carpooling everday! 
right next coffee. Over 500 tweets now btw 
Created an online order form for Miss Carnival  http://tinyurl.com/cnra4t
"@RussCargill www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
"Anyone remember Vic and Bob's excellent &quot;Catterick&quot;? Well, lookee here! http://bit.ly/rVDwJ Come on, Beeb!  Repeat it! "
Just up checking on the servers getting breakfast ready for Kevin 
@lorddeacon just need to work faster 
@Celticgirl1913 and you have to fail an ethics test before they'll hire you. 
@solkana I have a dumb phone. Will have to make do 
"@Destrin, Yep. Need to brush up on my formal normalisation theory for this interview "
Ups today plays ManUnitedvsS FCP and I'll go play football... hummm I'll play with my radio phones on 
"@effyobie yeah THANKS  but seriously, it's not sadistic to want to see him squirm when i push his jaw together, is it?"
"i just accidentally deleted a direct message from someone asking me about being a DJ.  if you read this, please resend.  "
People say THAT: Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night. 
@pokomon heh - I read it online somewhere previously - haven`t listened to &quot;Satch&quot; in a very long time.. cock rock   but he`s still good
"@chrisviamusic Chris Via, you are my whole world. Please reply back? I L Y with the O U "
@ettelinah@markdan_03 tra let's 'conceptualize' again 
Yes get to hang out with Amy tomorrow 
"cloudy inside, sunny outside. get the fuck out jix!!1 "
another day another million books to process....ah the good life 
"its 2am, and im still not sleepy... Feeel like "
"Fixed our levels  Frank used a different tileset, so everything was a big chaos !"
is planning a routine for Fame Auditions 
@doublesided I think @gnat is doing a census 
"@TierraBarber www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
i'm skiving in work!  totally cant be bovvered today 
"@TheExtravagate I know some entertaining accountants - if you're passionate about it, that's all that matters "
My Trishy baby...love my Trishy baby! 
"@MKRob I'm good, celebrating Bre's 10th birthday, my how time fies "
@stevetpower *face/palm* you that far detatched from Ireland that you forgotten how bad traffic updates are? 
"@Keris Rubbish - sorry, let me know if I can lend my computer expertise, i'd be happy to help "
@RobPattinson_ follow me  ?
Trying to get over my cold &amp; have fun playing The Sims 2 
"@AngelaWB i'm glad your day went better, and i hope today is fantastic.   xo"
@syhinfo what London trip ? i live here 
@ShoZu thanks  i'm trying now..
@plannersusanna Thanks for the welcome~ Look forward to hearing your updates 
I love watching lost  such a good show
"@SONGSBYTHEDOT www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
@Ian__P  Thank you. 
"@jimpeel Yea very good point, textmate rocks! "
@ChericeJenelle lol....I'm getting u a journal for ur bday 
kiraa&amp;i gunna go see BTB  @davetran you should uhh like follow me 
"@sakiemiri Yup, DT(w) for short  Thanks to @steevdave for letting me know it exists heh"
can't wait for her cash. come on KRudd 
"@la_oof  Thanks  Job not until Jan, so plenty of time to practice   Thanks for info re; splash page  xx"
@HO_viatt twitter wouldn't be whole without your inappropriate self (although it might be a lot cleaner 
screen printing today...bring on the back ache and sore hands...I'm sure we make it harder than it needs to be 
@YouScentMe yea I just kinda made this new blog so follow me back 
@aLmahh hahaha yeah! That's what ozzy said 
"@markmcnulty haha, nice!  One for the mantlepiece? "
@mahafreed with big picture comes big target for people to throw big things at. develop a thick skin  seriously !!
#dogtraders Hooray I checked toothpaste for dinner for the first time in forever 
@HotWet LOL This is one thing that batting those sultry brown eyes is not going to get out of me  LOL
"@vindiekins  I can feel Tanya's hatred, but it's impotent as I don't know what will wound Linus. What's he most insecure about?"
iHadith http://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftware?id=310518230&amp;mt=8 broke into top 100 reference apps as well 
"watching at e! , sunset tan "
Thanks to everyone who voted for our owner Joey to victory in the MC election! 
"@MrRobbyM LMFAO I DO  Ah, lastnight was epic &lt;3 "
Watching last night's House while getting ready for work. 
"@qullie That's a good idea, Qullie "
@AdHocHazel I was quasi vegan (except for the odd tin of tuna) for a few months this year and loved it. then I suddenly desired steak 
@Sum41Official finally you guys are here! Can't wait for the new album! 
@GODS_Favorite_B love your background! 
"There are a lot of new ideas I want to write down, now.  *excited."
leaving amsterdam for venice (after madrid and barcelona) ... can't believe it's only been a week.. 2.5 wks to go 
@LaTtEX Not mine. A Philo major wrote a paper on Plurk - Motivation of Plurk Users and the role of Karma in Plurk. 
@calamur Aight. Wearing my thick skin. 
"@jeffgillis sounds a great trip, surfing to be had off Skye, though I suspect it might not be as warm as California  http://is.gd/rabU"
today one of my students said my class is the &quot;funnest tutorial&quot; she has at uni 
Good mornin' people (for the brits at least) 
with lora &lt;33 you cuzzzz. about to GOSSIPgirl it uppp. YAYERRRRZZZZZ. 
i ? #claritylive http://awe.sm/3E9 'mazing!  I was there! ahhhh!
"@DjPrettyBoyTank www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
@katexuereb nah its cool. we'll have spring rolls as a late lunch   ughh i hate this stupid english thing.
@faceman101 *face/palm* Is that the name of the sequel to face/off? Sounds interesting! 
@TheModernReef you might like this tank setup  http://is.gd/rae9
Good morning tweeters  did an hour in the gym yesterday can't cough or blow my nose today - its gr8 to be fit lol x off  2 treadmill now x
@thisboyelroy And extra exciting because the creators are friends! 
@neilinglis see you there 
"@willadam *he he* You know I didn't mean that, it's such a random time in business, but your kids are holding it together well "
"@TomFelton i agree. i do love prodigy though  - HELP PLEASE -out of thorpe park, disney .. etc-what do you think is best for a 17th bday x"
Facebooking  add me!
"awake, gotten the kids to kindergarten and starting to program, yet again "
Editing more shots from the paul brown shoot!  myspace.com/evilcreations
Decisions - do I go see a psychobilly band or be good and see R? Probably good and R 
"@canalmercer It's not been that long. A week or so. Mostly because my company is in Hong Kong and I'm not, and I have to prove it's real "
"Praying to the gods of well behaved kids for a peaceful afternoon working from home.Meanwhile, It's nice to catch up with @jaynetunstall "
"@goldenskye I know, that's what I looked for too  there are some great ones in there. Titanic for example!"
@witmol That is one amusing place name! We got your postcard today. Thanks! 2 sleeps until I fly 
@nesarajah thankyou. That dig house made a few tweets ago makes sense now 
@DHughesy wellywood (represent) 
having a party ?? 
The Contrarian view on strategy  http://adcontrarian.blogspot.com/2009/04/im-tired-of-strategists.html
Good start to the day. Booked courier for collection of Hebden Bridge show; sent enquiry to book van to move studio next wk. 
"Deer down by the river last night at sunset, egrets &amp; ducks this morning.....I really do love where I live "
"@iGerren www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
I am in a GOOD MOOOOO-OOOOD! 
watching david cook and david archuleta on may 16! can't wait! 
Up and eating toast 
@CrisBrown Cheers matey.  
"@anguaji So good you had to tweet it twice?  I know you ANGWAAGEE, you're a sucker for gradients ;)"
At the Malaysian embassy in London applying for a tourist visa. What pointless red tape. At least it get's me out and about in London 
I really like the Special K Cereal Bar. YUM!  (And only 90 cals)
@adm1nspotter 'tis the nature of the job - I'm not a fan of 4am outages either. Hope it went well 
@jademus unlaws??haha. How do u update via your phone. I've added the device but dunno what to do next 
@190east ... hey... the weather is so good ... we have 20 degress and no clouds at the skys!!! 
JUST SAW THE WOLVERINE TRAILER ! fucking a !!!! 
@snigdha: I read that 
@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/2xznf - Niiice! 
confirmed 2 new staffs today... one coming tomorrow and another in 2 weeks! 
"@dougiemcfly @tommcfly good morning guys, how are you all? You know, it's frustrating, I never get a reply  "
ashton kutcher is going to be on my tv tonight 
Mad Money! I love this movie 
I LOVE having the freedom to share the Gospel with my 5th and 6th graders in school!  Not to mention getting to pray with them everyday. 
hello everyone.. i m new on twitter.... posting my first post here.. 
@laxbellaxsim it was funny though I was laughen 
Going to get rid of my Kirstie Alley hair later 
"@fartingpen ohh sarri... use sam, sax, sermone, shafi, shery "
Can't fall asleep.. maybe I'll tweet... exciting for morning run tmr. 
good morning! buenos dias! - other busy morning on the office 
@LucasCruikshank heyyyyy its fred  i love ur fred videos &amp; i keep thinking all your tweets are in th fred voice and i crack up lol ily
"@brettjohn Haha, really? Maybe I should go down there and give Mr Rudd a nice massage and he'll speed things up "
@ed_dale did you have something to do with this?  http://twitpic.com/2y7cv
@NeraFarfalla I'm so glad to hear that. 
@ceeecil Haha my brain hurts from having to do all the work. 
@Scyranth How sweet! Congrats to both of you 
i have no idea what this is 
@emadz89 I think i'm falling in love with you!!  xxx #iloveyou
Am locked out of my bedroom! wtf! Lucky housewifey @maduck is home to save the day! 
@rashmibansal Thank you  you can check out a few more of my similar ones here http://tony.nitw.googlepages.com/thewit-a-mintablet
"Also, that was 250 posts "
@JustDes Aaaawww....Hey babes!  May your tuesday NOT suck 
"collages are fun  but i freaking miss 'free' art supplies from art class. actually, i miss art class in general."
"@BreakingNewsOff Boy,I`m hungrey now  but not ungover....ok this weekend I try it "
"@saamanthajaane believe me, it's the only way to get it finnished "
@calamur Aight. Wearing my thick skin. 
@isacullen definately I think she'd rather have him as a son too. On the +side BGT eee 
paint shopping 
@EltonJohn4 who are you?? i saw you follow me  nice to know you anyway x
@marjamma You obviously have a more trusting naturing than us! 
goin 2 have mor chese its but i wnt pizza but if i cook pizza ill burn it n set da alarm off again so ill stick 2 hot cheese its yummy 
"@allsorts29 hiya, hope you and the family are well. Im due in less than three weeks eek "
@adrielhampton How about &quot;Be my friend?&quot; 
"@redtoffee Strawberry is the absolute best Angel Delight EVA!  I had chocolate once, but it was too sweet. "
@jsiegand ou are on a role hahaha i attacked joey 
@N3W_Media That's not the kind of car you want to be involved in an accident with... the evidence would be indisputable 
Just uploaded a new video. I am proud of it. 
@charmermark that's the photo when you parked in the parent and child bah. hahaha 
can't wait until September! Going to Strathclyde Uni to do teaching and I'm soooo excited! 
@SexySubKaylee ty very much! 
@mandyyjirouxx http://twitpic.com/2jhtt - Aww cuute Mandy !  I like the belt =] Xx Love you so mucch ?
New button set is up. It's gorgeous.  http://pinpoet.com/planets
@enchris thanks for following 
good morning 
"@boffbowsh alrighty then ;) thanks. Now get back to work, I expect a flawless network and equally flawless servers you know ! "
Post by Rashmi Bansal. http://tinyurl.com/d935ud   WTF is wrong with the Gandhis ?
"having some problems using Twitter... trying to do some testing for our new platform.... yes, it's Twitter related  "
is so happy the UK is actually sunny - miracles do happen!! 
"@cathybaron - you still having exporting issues?  I can look for the link that walked me through the process, lmk. "
wants it all! 
"@paulewatts She is very happy with the pc thanks, she can now watch time team online if she misses it! "
"@louizah i think his stories have always been predictable, dont u? I still love watchin em though. "
Working Out How To Use This 
after work happy hour 
@sbprkr how come all my friends' MOTs seem to be at the same time? Mines been dropped off today  *fingers crossed*
"@lauracutajar I just love the fact he is so damn intelligent, he is chivalrous and that is VERY attractive "
"@DaTruTopShotta www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x  God Bless"
@socialrobot Thanks for saving my shoe! He's made a full recovery and the mud trauma is minimal 
Lol@ Shimmy being on H&amp;A again oh hai @meaghanellen 
@milzy_gurl I'll bring them there next week! I'm staying at @cjmules house for a bit 
"@brettgrace I will loom into it  Ive never been to NZ, I want to go though. My friend lives there. What city did you go to?"
@lazygiraffe It's pretty basic and it's not my thing but then bears are somewhat medium core when it comes to sewing machine tasks 
@MakeupTalk Yay! Following you too. Looking forward to your blog updates 
There's a fucking wood pecker or something outside and its driving me mad. I wish I was pecking some wood right now though 
"@Mariuca Happy Tuesday, lovely! "
"I think it's my male PMT week, feeling very knocky, tired and emotional. But it will pass "
"@Aaronfilmmaker Thank you! No, I don't really see myself directing. Writing &amp; producing make me happy "
@bobek_taken i love how sometimes you forget hungarian isn't my mother tongue  but my personality also changes in hungarian.
"Ooh, need a TV! @twitchhiker is on This Morning at 11ish. Big stuff! Hope all goes well "
@aahoogendoorn Interesting. I am looking forward to your new insights... 
@apple I can see the sun set! : @apple I can see the sun set!  http://tinyurl.com/d7h9xr
http://twitpic.com/2y7fz - Me and Toma's arms in Maths 
@Jontos it's baseball time! 
"@kieronlanning when it rains, it pours MILK ALL OVER YOUR KEYBOARD! "
"Right, series of chores to be embarked upon. Let's go! "
"@wearebutlins it takes time to remember, i spent a lot of time using the trash can!  Looking forward to Thurs "
http://twitpic.com/2y7g2 - With my mom and cousin Guia. 
is just about to do some uni work...need energyyyyyy   woop
http://download.live.com/?sku=messenger It comes in the live bundle of apps. 
Great  ? http://blip.fm/~3xaax
a day of laundry and housework - oh joy! Hope you have a great day  xx
"@JoHoHo No problem, Sir! Have fun "
"aesthetically the G1 is an unenchanting organicaly  shaped dull piece of black plastic, its when you turn it on that the fun starts "
webdotwizards night at the rushworth community house - webdotwiz is here early 
@Thehodge Depends if you add 'because the salary is laughable' after it... 
@jhybe Thx. 
"Next time i won't be all enjoyed for a Bill or all TH audio message... Still cutie voice... But no news  Anyway, thanks for trying LOL"
"@JoeMcintyre Now you have to ask Danny and jordan, and all tweeters will be happy "
@Mindwater I like a coke now and then;  but the flavored ones suck. If I want a flavor in my coke it will be Rum with a slice of lime. 
@nirosh31 u mean Twitter Sri Lanka? eg- twitter.lk ?      
"#heyxboxlive Probably need to sleep, got college classes to go to tomorrow. Goodnight Xbox Live and all the folks at Microsoft! "
"@mic_barber www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
@lewisbostock it is now at the VIADUCT ok 
"Great meeting about how to integrate existing social networks into a stand-alone game world,and viceversa.You'll see cool stuff from us "
@chrismoody When You have a podcast that promotes podcasts that might happen 
is downloading themes for her phone.  http://plurk.com/p/n0q72
@lwmedium  ? I need a box of tissues every show ? Luv it 
@bubbly84 yay us!!! 
@selenagomez  Was I disturbing the last time I chatted with u in YM?? my YM is corinamarie0403 
@Tsarnick Heck yeah! Bullets is a reeeal oldie but goodie 
"cleaning the room for passover, after a full day without internet i'm feeling now at home "
"@yandle Aww, I wish I'd been looking out the window - or on the balcony doing something silly. "
just got back from the hairdressers 
@angelastyles Oh i can guess who started it lol. Yeah i'm good thx. Hope you have a good day 
@NurseMott You must think of alternative topics to post on Twitter from Facebook. I'm shocked at your lack of effort for a new Twitterer 
Happy Birthday @daveverwer of the interwebs 
@Jlo1978 Errrr no not quite. Wasnt feeling that good lol  But never fear I will be there 2moro 
this weekend was pretty interesting... got lost for 2 hours/got my lip re-done/spent the night at Melina's 
HAS A NEW IKEA CATALOGUE THIS IS EXCITING!   
feel like saying what he previously said to me but I's not a beeeeeeeyatch.  HAR HAR.
@bruisesonguitar sweet. Will email you a shitload of awesome McShep recs asap. 
Goodnight World  ... ...
"The last squeeze - unsubscribed from www.imediaconnection.com newsletter, landing page had a full page banner ad "
@franksting Probably not - but it's a good excuse to whack an extra 10% on your price 
@rebeccaclark omg i cry every time too! the first time i saw it i literally had tears running down my face. how embarrassing 
@MavisFipp I will take a look now 
"@amyknapp shipping doesn't sound fun, but try to enjoy it "
"@alcarcalimo Nope, their accent and manner of speaking sounded like it! "
Volvic Apfel ... Mein Top fav @ the moment 
"@MzDAViS www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
"brrrr.... I'm so cold, but I love it "
now thick as theives is playing 
@amyknapp thankfully.... *long may it last* 
@stugreenham I use the TV Plus app and it works 
@frumousme yeah there are so many of us angry feeters  Tim's THAT good lol... I have been good I go on I  just havent posted for a while
"@macaronique hehe, you got till the end of week "
@simon_elliott that's put me in the mood for a barbecue 
"@andydavis Aw! Sounds like you need a hug... Um, that came out creepier than I'd planned. Sorry for the loneliness! Sleep well! "
@cravenjade That sounds like a step in the right direction. Keep us posted on how it goes. 
@sivasothi yes he asked and i sent him already. Few days ago 
enjoyed reading about Elisabeth Lahr in Bergens Tidende this morning  Beautiful.
"@AbbyJeanne hahaha @ALPHABETlQUE made it much more entertaining, ryan just had a big grin on his face, and i watched through my fingers "
"@jenius go the cookie option!  also, fyi - hugh jackman is on twitter: @RealHughJackman"
@michaelgrainger She speaks very highly of you as well. Twitter is never bad for business! 
Hallo tweetfriends....its now in germany 11:08 in the morning 
Busy busy day! Bathroom is progressing well though 
@SiNiSTeRDRaVeN oh so that's what u'll miss! Hehe! Can u say Alcoholic? LOL! 
my cat is happy so she's drooling from 3 places of her mouth. I love felix 
gettin off the internet... gonna finish my hair 
@smeykunz We can all have a fun ladies night! Anyone can join! 
@willcarling How's the ski jumping going? Have you beat the missus yet? 
@Bhavika looks like u found all the beer 
"@justinhayward pardon was just a little ad  Iï¿½m currently testing twitter a bit, didnï¿½t want to confuse anyone!"
@michelpoulain Bon courage pour Magento ! 
"@KayKay89 www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
"My Cowley Road E.P. has been re-released on itunes!  If you don't have it, get it! "
@ErikAbele The one we were looking out for? 
@cyberpreneur welcome to the &quot;twittersphere&quot;! (i like your name for it  it's fun but can get super addicting 
tellin two of my bfflï¿½s to sign up here 
"@jdickerson www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
Is awesome  i do believe you're all jealous. But i sorta dont wanna go to dancing tonight. Someone else drive me?
@electroginge Buy an Mac  yay
Watching ellen show... 
@geo7 it wont be miserable for at least 2 weeks tho 
"I took a Twitter break, now I'm back "
@michaelgrainger @Scyranth *gigglessssssss* Ya'll are awesomesauce 
"Morning, Just watching 90210 from last night. Waiting for a text from my friend! "
@pinksealight haha 2 am  lol omg IM FREEZING TOO!! haha
Bed time! 
Thanks to everyone who's sent me work this year... You'll pleased to know I've just planted 85 trees in India with some of the profits  x
and that's why we are in the classrooms working with them.    Right?
@alonpeer 10x man  any tips or ideas?
@danielhilton I know that's real. My bf fell asleep &amp; I'm editing video...  XO
@carolw Misery loves company 
 Disneyland was great! ... Got to go and pick up the kitties in a minute ... ?
@_nanu_ just added a little more grist to the mill 
Does anyone know where I can buy piano sheet music for the Script? Because I'm reluctant to order it online if I can buy it in Dublin 
"@marcammann yah, hope so  btw. if you want to, we could do dinner this thursday"
@janniesTWbox But the dip keeps following me!  Neh gaat alweer stuk beter gelukkig. Just one of those days!
arreeyy.. mad - o - wat..i'm wit u.. coz maine bhi.. intro hi start kiya 
"@rolyatoj just some teething problems, my new house &amp; I will be friends "
@lilyroseallen i love your shh tattoo - did it hurt? i think i'm gonna get it 
@snigdha are you expecting? 
Good morro! I had a dream that I was banned from GGUI 
"eating pre-peeled oranges, too lazy to peel my own orange. "
@LadyParadis Thanks.  It's certainly better than it was midday yesterday. At one point I was walking around like Kryten from Red Dwarf.
I have chorus today. That makes me happy 
"oh shit!! this could get out of hand and theres no dancing at my place!! no hoe down, no shindig! nada "
@webfreelancer hi hi 
@ijamidayu Thanks Bro.. Baru dpt login WC td lps reset password balik.. 
Going to the toilet cause I have to take a leak for over an hour now. 
"Home. Had uni today, got results back :HD, YEHHH!   Its been 3 yrs, why am i always thinking of the wat ifs?"
@hodakotb celebrate my bday on klg's anniversary  bday shout out! can't wait to watch!
@tafelzoetstof I could but then there would be too much people around admiring me  Can you send me the address of that cava bar pleaaase?
"@holyschmoke fingers are firmly crossed for you, any advice, give me a shout "
"ok, everyone who's racing this weekend, dm me with a picture of your car &amp; the make and model. i'll put it all up on my blog "
Bye bye!! Going to sleep!!  (finally!!) XDDDD    :-D :-P
@ThE_ED uh oh you're in trouble 
"@im2byteme I'm all for the Fair Tax, or Bush's deficit back. Something! "
"searching for a good dress, any care to help me? "
@alexiaaa hahas sucks to be you 
Time to fly! Ord-dca-ord-clt 16hrs clt-ord-iad-mco 13hrs mco-ord hm in time for date night 
@LFTA What about Blur - Song #2 ??? 
Is glad she got changed 3 times this morning xD its lovely &amp; sunny 
"Just broke 10,000 in Xbox 360 Achievements "
"@Sassy1inVegas NP? Lol.  hhmm will Danny and Jordan join in?  Danny maybe Jordan, me hopes not. "
eating as usual....cant wait for Pogo thursday night! whoop 
@jinjaDev watch out for the 2pm brick wall that jumps out at you once the caffeine rush ends 
@Raiha Glad to hear you're making the switch. You will not be disappointed 
@Abipips So true- nothing induces madness like trying to figure out why ppl do what they do  Hope today with yr little one is wonderful x
...going for a four-mile night run....around the old B-52 bomber on Andersen.  gotta tape my ankles!
@julieallinson hb! 
my is school comtuper chat makeing 
@Carly109 love the new song. and the chorus is real nice and catchy.  gud job. who did the track and recording jordan?
Got a &quot;thing&quot; for doctor chics. 
still listening to some great music I got yesterday. amber pacific is awesome!! 
I think it may be time for some really dirty songs from Nickelback lol 
@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/2tu6p - take care guys..!! 
i have forgotten how much i love my Nokia N95-1 
yumm jeremy kyle and a bacon sandwich 
@REGYATES Nice pictures!  Glad your having a good time!
@xroldx narrated by Dave Smalley.....my hero....this cannot go wrong 
When my Bottle Pop Shake me!.. 
ah.... 90's pop was so good 
"Hello, world!!! Tis my first tweet "
"@arabsodmg www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
gonna go cut up some chickeeeen 
I will have a stan chart card not because i want it but because its the only way for me to access money that i have earned 
Waiting for the train so I can go to Ellen's and have fish pie for dinz! I have been waiting for this moment all my life 
"@hortovanyi  The road's not the widest and smoothest, but there's some great clear views on the way up if you turn your head to the right "
@TayJasper alrite thanxx 
"feel like running away, far away, in a great place where no one can find me. "
@Boddingtons see ya Anastasia!! have a marvellous day 
enjoyed the N-Dubz gig last night - and it finished early which is always a bonus 
"200 words over with still more to write, lame. burritos for tea "
http://twitpic.com/2y7ho - edit = my mood 
"@markdan_03 nope, ahm.. preps for props "
"@peterwalker78 www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
"@juliankimmings My commiserations, is it as bad as I had heard it is? "
and as we turn and look to the future..... very interesting times ahead 
@harbars managed to fix broken moss in 2 min and save demo. Well done  #spbpuk
@DonnieWahlberg Lucky for me I'm going to see that show in NY I hope that you will bring it to Europe too in the fall. I'll be there too 
"is kicking back with a beer and watching, of all things, a tacky chick flick...eh....we gotta do it now and then  "
@carriee93 we just got a picture with my boyfriend. thats what that is 
vacancy starring kate beckinsale and luke wilson gonna watch it  fariah lynnnnnn rocks !
@vindiekins I almost feel bad for my next post. Almost. 
Morninggggg  how am i just up now when my alarm went off two hours a go...
"@semblance_er AHHHH yeah i was, but their updates were boring me so &quot;unfollowed&quot; them. you'll have to win and take me on holiday "
@JoannaButler he should tell them that his sister fixed it 
@Da_Funk welcome bro! 
@effyobie STOP SPEAKING IN SUCH A SOPHISTICATED WAY PLEASE. it's hard for me to keep up!! 
"@Joydaily www.youtube.com/Titomi15..WATCH THE VIDEOS,COMMENT&amp;SUSCRIBE!!  &amp; FOLLOW me , Cheers x"
"@Silverlines will keep that in mind, thank you for the tips! "
thanks for the photo @basibanget 
had a wonderful day today 
@wimcoekaerts Shouldn't that be life in the 'car pool lane' my friend ? 
@mikeyway Liking it 
quite bored reallyyy :| on the phone to my baby  x
#twinelis = wine + food + nice people having fun  Today at 7pm at DeliDelux
@Starrybluesky Hello back at ya  and Thank you!
@Mennard  have fun! bet you unearth all sorts of goodies!!
@yahoops thanks David 
my sleep was disturbed. i am looking to end a career today 
@erickaaa haha awww. i had amazing pizza 2day for much after my photoshoot =D i will take u out hehe..u gonna answer ur fone 2night?  xx
@fancyelastic He he!  Thanks 
@intelligensia And a following four day week 
Last few hour in England... 
http://tr.im/imNg just made a new fluid icon for use with @amiestreet 
@michaelgrainger heh heh but you cld use it for anything almost lol 
Data.gov comes to life! (even in the form of a jpeg image - all great things start like that  ) http://data.gov/
"@jaimiefanatic about time that Mc Flipside mix came out, its sooooooooooooo goooooooooood "
@mikeyway Cute 
"late night gaming with the guys. fun times.  [yesterday was a giddy day, too] &lt;3"
@fudgegraphics Hope you had a fun time mate 
Really good and helpful about the various Crisis in the DC Universe - I have read them all  http://crisis2crisis.com/
@889grapevine Looking forward to the new website 
@goobimama @EventBox isn't the best Twitter client for me. It's the simplicity and all-in-1 that makes me love it 
"Just watched Chuck, going out with Mel soon "
@Linc4Justice nah- you're not unfortunate- i dont eat that stuff cause i want to live a few years longer- you're one of the smart ones 
@tonytay113 hi thanks for the follow!  did you finish fob trail?
everyone follow kade 
@bob_saget Hey Remember me! I watched your car so you wouldnt get a ticket after Minskeys. You're still fabulous. 
"@nminers Wherever the day takes us!  On route to Youlgreave at mo, sun is waking up!"
after sickness back to work 
@Thehodge that is pretty awesome! it makes me want a smart car now!  (and a cup of tea) 
"@sallyinnorfolk awww, you'll have to use Twitter for company "
tom chaplin marry me please. i melt for you hahaha.. o and pearshapebodygirl stopped talking to me! YES! 
@familychoice If you have any questions feel free to email us at sales@jshop.co.uk or send a DM on Twitter 
@helicon: that is opt-in DM invites! 
can't find any nice words for a .tel domain http://wortsuchen.de/ends-with-by-length/tel/ haha 
@rosskie so far it has been all shopping  more again today heehee what u up to?
@Shesouldeep yup me too 
Cool  http://www.onlinemarktplatz.de/14177/twitter-fieber-bei-ebay/ ;_)
@danielledeleasa have you had your hair cut? it looks really good 
@Fran6 thx 
Getting ready to take kids to the farm 
2 drunken besties stumble into my room and we run around with sober CJ and drunk Hope knocking on doors. Good times at 3am. 
"Right, laters everyone I am off for my next Bowen treatment, will be gone a few hours, have a good morning "
@thepatr1ck How did the interviewing go today? Did she get your seal of approval? 
"@tommcfly do you like spongebob? &amp; only like 17 days until mcfly edinburgh, then the next day glasgow then the next day newcastle, yaldy "
@KateEdwards you dont have to bring anything - it's yr place  #katesparty
Gooooooood morning! 
says just watched Mall Cop.  http://plurk.com/p/n0s0q
Thinking of a hamsty bank account.  That's a good idea to save. (^.^)
@DmitriCain Ok thanks! I am not getting off Twitter just yet. 
"@belledame222 Hey, it's 5 am...give a girl some credit for trying. "
is going to take a nap before going for BM tuition. 
@zergmoney tweet dreams 
"@saulashby I really like the photo. Nice interview, too "
Long. Live. Life 
"Can't wait until the new Star Trek movie comes out, looks good "
@gogreen18 yeah  I watched your blog tv today.. my wife was the one who told you I wanted you as a pet Lmao.. have a good night
"@CHRISDJMOYLES im gonna watch T.M. 2 c wot they hav 2 say bout TWITTER, yor show was brilliant as ever this mornin - katie x "
"while im fuckin at it, http://is.gd/q86o buy a shirt please "
"@pezholio Interesting, a digital engagement peep. Good to know they're engaging with people at the coal face. "
"Fuck it, I can't sleep! Going shopping today "
@Allanahk  but 26 characters?  Yr last tweet wouldn't have made the cut... 
Landed in Belfast. It's wee this wee that 
"@richard_bell nah, I think going sideways is best, really helps when dodging bullets "
@nomadicmatt i'd like to be linked on your site  http://www.worldresolution.net/travel
"Back home and finished dinner. Just stopped by for a minute, still much to do tonight! Be back later "
@adalinemusic you're welcome! It was a great way to be introduced to your music 
@stml Have you been overdoing the William Gibson novels? 
is off to Dundrum with Martin 
@jethron5000 hahah yeah see i told you! coffee bean's chocolate ice blended is way better! let me know how's the show tonight 
Haha flight of the conchords was so bloody hilarious last night 10/10  chur chur
"@gerardway I'm great.somebody said&quot;u speak out of the right side of your mouth&quot; oh,it was random.I think You have sweet talking,dear "
@kcofficial night Kelly  x
"@mykitchenstore we are planning our first one this year, egg hunt that is "
"@therealnph yeah, cool bookshelves I've got the one with the various books that are pinned to the wall "
@yogadork our barefoot range is a great alternative when you need to wear shoes.  they allow you foot move as though it were barefoot 
Asking everyone to send out happy 'head-first' vibes to @cosmicgirlie  
hahaha  how is everyone?
@sofifii thats a big one! 
@shotdown i like the picture 
@modejunkie awww sweetness! But he's still a cutie! 
everyone should follow me         AND feed me mexican everyday!
@Valvert : have a nice day to 
"1/2 hr debugging for a CSS problem on a colleague's computer, before I remembered that I installed IE8 on my PC a couple of weeks ago "
"checking out virtual box, looks quite nice "
@alancostello Thats on GH3! Send it later??  since you completley missed Fridays lyrics ;)
@JonathanRKnight 
"@sokeri thanks for the help, i have realized that   Now I need you to make it work."
i'll be in london today. Wave if you see me 
@fitnessbox Watch this space. Not sure how viable it is yet. Possibly though 
"trying to find something formal to wear in a casual closet, jeans and popculture shirt will do good enough. "
@chinewinelover ????? 
"Noticed something interesting about this emoticon:  vs D:  Totally different emotions, only difference is the placement of the eyes..."
@Cellobella They don't do them in my size  How r u?
Just bought 2 new reads - The Ten Commandments For Business Failure and More Softies: 22 New Friends For You To Sew And Crochet 
@lejeff oh pants! I'm hanging out with the old folks back  in England   Defo b up 4 1 when I get back. tho 
Won my first game of settlers  ..and I didn't even realize I could have won the pound before haha
because of you-Reba Mcentire &amp; Kelly Clarkson 
@k1tten lol supp it aint fucked 
"Coming home  stoked bears this afternoon with mikeyj, Alton towers tomorrow."
@robjjones Moody Woods is absolutely awesome 
checking out twitter to see what i have heard is true 
i'm going to buy my slam dunk ticket today 
@pixiepan lol. www.tv.com is your FRIEND! 
@gilloux I hope you're planning a kennel launch party 
When will !pidgin integrate otr-encryption as a standard component like !adium does? I will really appreciate that! 
@rowanberry  ohhh sending loads of Positive vibes your way 
@studiomag http://twitpic.com/2vwii - ooo i remember this one. Picnic on the top of sennen with your burnt sausages 
Goooooood morning Twitter-World! 
@poindexterity Ooh! I've never been to the Alameda flea market. Must check it out. Thank you 
"@JonathanRKnight Aww that's really sweet of you, I hope you will come back to the UK, would be great to see you again  xxx"
"@KellyNg With mainstream media's reporting &amp; the increasing occurrence of the fail whale, you know eventually your friends will catch on "
phone againn 
@TairrieB recorded what? 
"@dancingbonita &quot;I friggin love you!!!&quot;  -Ron Burgundy, riding a unicorn "
Home sweet home  shower time
mhm up. ohh early for me!- &amp; i feel like whatching Open arms again  [by gary go] 
support for making the world better place 
@geeklitebeta Had to follow after reading that tweet about &quot;Why is it that every second ...&quot; 
@BBQNYC thats right unc!!!  what a game...
@GIFTUSEEME ::::thAs goOd...i ThInk i MigHt Go HaVe fuN too 
nearly holidays    on the other hand.... camping D: D: D:
1300 words... 
@Doublea2thahalo dunno what u just said but i like it 
@darkmagique O Yes i aM For Sure! Am sooo happy that he checked it out AgaiN... What TiMe ?..Onish?  Jaaaaaah ! Lolm !
Showcase Quick @ VIP romm on Thursday 
@breatheheavycom jooooordan happy birthdaaaay  enjoy the day and party a loot !
"@gigdiary @bugmum I think he got our descriptions mixed up Bugmum  Either that or you gotta tease him more, treat em mean....."
feeling very happy with the giant box of chocolates that arrived this morning.  Easter is a wonderful but underrated holiday 
@suitelifeofkell and then i stole that shirt. and sold it on ebay 
"@spanx Happy Birthday, eat something good "
f&amp;@k the weather!! I'm in Paris!  Let's go have a beautiful day 
@pviktor Hmmm...not good...carrot juice and marmalade on toast may help? 
@suitelifeofkell haha me too! it reminds me and my daddy of the monkee's old show   same here can't wait!  lol. WHATTT?
@MissXu that penclip is soooo cool! 
"@garry1bowie No, just one shortly before the soap awards judging starts.... "
@Jeicky_the_cat @skwi69 Thanks 
"If any of you are having a boring Easter, then send me a note on msn  I love to chat with people. My msn is ninaalbertsen@gmail.com"
"photoboth is black and white. and wayyyyy old. we call him Herbert lol. I love him, he's like a living legend.  gotta love Berlin &lt;3"
Off to the bakery to buy yummy stuff 
@jackhii n i got yr pic posing in the server room .. 
love the way skype fades music back in when a call ends... i'm so easily impressed 
'And you can tell me that you're sorry but I don't believe you baby like I did before... You're not sorry' 
A day researching prices for a buffet Mrs CM is doing on Friday. Heard yesterday that the deal for our new shop is finally progressing 
@thatswhack74 WHOA I WANT SOME TOO 
"sitting in the sun, baking in 30 degrees - wonderful "
is watching some of his old stuff on Youtube... ahhh the memories 
Showcase Quick @ VIP room on Thursday 
overwhelmed and enjoy it 
"@mattstevensloop thanks Matt, I'm glad you like it ... no algorithmic music gigs planned so far though "
@ShannonRenee 
Ooh. SnowboardLite is such a fun app. 
"@weird6 it is. The pizza place is standing room only around dinnertime. They had a pizza named after me, the Woo. "
"@LizzieLib Could be - mine grew out, down my back and then all fell off "
horror scope: &quot;doing boring desk work will take constant mental readjustment now&quot;. and that's different from every other day how?! 
busy day...update tonight 
"Oh yeah i forgot... what colour dress should i get for the ball?? The theme is &quot;Las Vegas&quot;  , please reply"
@MiaMiaDC  - Good morning!  
@7anno he is a son of one of my friends 
@beijingboyce &quot;ice&quot; Why? 
@brightlydusted a friend i knew online from last night finally added me up on his messenger. 
"@cmgangrel typical metro, can't even get that right. "
Caffeinated and happy   
Installing meebO at http://pkab.wordpress.com. Now you can talk with me when I am online. 
@dvroegop having 100+ slides again 
"@jhaebets Nah, AUS PC is more salesy (best left to the sales guys). We have 6 of the team going from Aus to Vegas in Oct. WWPC's my scene "
"@catherinemarche Ooh, that's lovely "
#totd faves: Time for bed...have a good night/day  ...see you in the am...if you...: faves: Time for bed.. http://ad.vu/c2sh
@diablocody I LOVED YOU ON CHELSEA LATELY!! 
spent 1 day doing 'research' ... i'm feeling Great!  an achievement! =D
@tcouto Cool stuff! 
Where are the easter eggs 
@Cookieex3 awesome!! Can't wait to see it!! 
is about to do paper works at the eve of his birthnight!  http://plurk.com/p/n0t0c
@olimould Lewis 
@OfficialCole Hy Cole.I come from Germany and My biggest wish is to have contact with you.I know that I never can see you but itï¿½s OK. 
"I feel sorry for my 64 followers, cause my posts probably take up their entire page "
"@sotodance photoboth is black&amp;white. and wayyy old. we call him Herbert lol. I love him, he's like a living legend.  gotta love Berlin &lt;3"
"Busy times at Elstree Studios. New arrivals include, Murderland, Secret Diary of a call girl - Re-uniting the Rubins - Huge - Sainsburys "
Is chilling wit my boy 
@ghostbusterz a friend i knew online from last night finally added me up on his messenger. 
"@iwrotethis: Nope, you just caught me, cheers, I'm sure I will. Hope the sunshine holds out for you "
Is on the train  more shopping Yay
@AngelaMaria1858 5  but my italian is basic for now
Had a good start today! 
@petemc My Mrs is always telling me off for this - sit and enjoy the moment instead of trying to take photos of it!!! 
@nerdd I was pretty sure that you were checking new Tweets on your iPhone during the meeting 
@escribitionist i didn't want to eat other's foodd!!!  dun make me sound so bad lah!  i just have another crave for food...that's all 
is going to get some cereallllllll  will be living off Lucky Charms next week! WOOPWOOP!
"@paulissima It's just a toolbar with a set of functions, not very special. Actually it's not that specifically useful for a translator. "
@seamushayes ...it will only get worse come winter.   The Chai at the Goldfish Bowl is the best out!
@OurDave Good routes here  http://www.bikely.com/maps/bike-path/Manly-Dam-Mountain-Bike-Track was today's ride. 2 laps!
in the photoshop 
We had a visit from our lovely zone head today .... nice 
"Now scribes can't wear their shoes to any Press Conference, thanks to Jarnail Singh... "
"cool, I've got more followers! people are interested.....      "
@IanAspin I second to that Ian - thank you 
"Downloaded the pollock app, I quite like it! Drew a flower lolz   http://twitpic.com/2y7t8"
@SexySubKaylee heh heh dirty is always good gurl!  I like how you think 
Mmm mummy's culinary skills has been improving. Smells so good!  i'm loving home cooked food!
@sagebrennan: uuuuuuuuggghhhhhh. Was that Chinese or English? 
@joyciebo hi cutie  welcome to the twitternation
@coy0te Good morning! Feeling happier today? 
@louisepb You've come to the right place. I own an office interiors company!  How big would you like your desk?
@beijingboyce Who is @Maotai? I like Maotai spirit very much! 
I wish I still had my Simpsons shower radio. 
@TradingGoddess  wow  that was an experience  you don't need to see repeated again glad he is ok. 
"Just waking up and can't decide what drink to have for breakfast &amp; some people are becoming twitter addicts, its funny "
happy birthday! 
@AlexCraven yeah I saw. I'm tempted to get into it but think I'll wait till the DVD set is out. I like to be able to gorge myself on it 
in the process of making doll no. 2 and it's looking heaps better and cuter 
Here's my latest tune - http://soundcloud.com/jay-f/jay-f-untitled-as-of-now Leave a comment please 
http://twitpic.com/2y7tc - My bby is so adorable 
"Has anyone had an great success stories on Twitter? If so, I would love to hear your story. DM me "
@emilylagrange  a revolution in household detergent introducing  #kidscleaning   get one now while stocks last 
@thefutureheads : CONGRATULATIONS DAVE!! Enjoy the little 'un!  xxx
besties staying tonite  !!
"@jaredleto hey ho, jared! I'm vegan too...hope you're all right "
@OliviaCosmetics ok then  might not be for a while though?
"styling hunting today in Brick Lane and West End later on today, and I need to get a Canon 50mm f/1.8 lens at Jacobs "
"@luvmandy384 I am now, by .. um.. 2  WOOOO!"
morning everyone. 
@chrisgarrett I'm up for it! can't wait to here more details 
@eleahbaant I sure will. 
@annaarco I gained weight  I'm one of those people everybody hates who can loose weight on a cake-and-cookies diet.
is a bit happier. She found her Chanel sunglasses. 
Going to bed  goodnightttttt!
Celebrating a minor banking triumph (that's banking with a b). Got one to admit it was wrong 
"@cityrat59 nothing to congratulate for, it's just a task, but thanks  @geovolt i don't work in the Maemo group"
I GET IT WOOOOOOOOOOOO  
"@limyh Eh...where got face off la...we are all kawans here. Right or not, @staronline? "
@sorinna Billie Holiday - I love this one  ï¿½Tï¿½ainï¿½t Nobodyï¿½s Business If I Doï¿½
Jon Stewart loves Twitter  http://www.thedailyshow.com/video/index.jhtml?videoId=219519&amp;title=twitter-frenzy
Our plans are coming together nicely! I am very happy indeed today 
my uni is playing POTC outside and free hotX buns. i feel lovvvved  
@MmmBaileys Me  Happy Birthday! Loving the foxy avatar pic as well  Serious party plans for the big day?
Interesting night! i love my sisters 
@FuckenJew Too shy for that. Plus he already stole my brain in my sleep. 
awesome song by Press play on tape: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLWw1OpDrpI geekyness at it's best 
"@Lady_Twitster Good so far thanks, hope yours will treat you well too "
"Having Sugar Puffs for breakfast &amp; listening to McFly, what a great way to start my day "
@xsophiejane malese answered my question on twitter! check it outt  on malese her twitter it's about youu !
"@earlydetection enjoy  I just can't get into it this season, but happy to know that you're getting your groove on."
@philthatremains totally jst started blasting ATR at 10am dude. My mom is gonna kill me. BUT WHO CARES! 
"@drrnlvngstn can i have yours?  clouds have come in, i fear i may be too late to enjoy the weather"
"@katpaps Well, I must say, your comments have even got me thinking his hair looks rather sexy, so I doubt she has much chance to resist "
hi! just joined and i think it's brill! haha still in bed........couldn't be bothered getting up! anyway..........BYE! 
@WilliamSledd  Love the videos William  New to twitter x
@itsanimesh    I got an Openmoko FreeRunner and now and Android G1 as well!! yAy! 
@PeoplemapsJulie  I am looking for the berocca then all will be well 
"@mcherrywv pleasant is right  thank u V8 ppl, ur the best!!!"
@texaszman He's bo-ring! 
@misterwallace did u get lots of msgs from people sayin they recognised u in mail ysterda &amp; felt bad like me u wernt named? katie x 
"@meezyx haha, i havent seen that photo in AAAAAGES. have you worked out mentions yet? "
@christinezegt It's fine if u'r smart and know it wouldn't be ok with music  but what about those not so smart? They might think its ok :/
New Holiday Parade CD! Awesome 
i'm twittering from my new iphone love it! 
take me to a place where we can have some fun and dance the night away 
@lazygiraffe It would do those things but I wouldn't imagine it doing much more 
i would really like a towelie towel thanks 
@thirstforwine not even if I tell you it's 20ï¿½C and the sun is shinning ? 
@danbladen do I have to bring my own short staff? Its portable 
@Fatfairy69 Heroes 'Poor Parkman' - Remember never trust a Hero any episode now it'll all turn nasty 
@sian_the_mouse yessssssssssss !!!  I can't wait to get it zomg.
@astovidiu good for you 
Healed Malygos 25-man tonight. Pretty intense fight! But we got him 
@IAmHorror I sence hostility  thought the sun was shining on Mid-S-N today?
@cosmicgirlie Thinking of you. Everything crossed  Turn baby turn!
"Good morning! Its tuesday. Automatically better than Monday. Almost payday, and closer to the weekend. "
Katies my formal dateee 
@dnscook Roxy: That's hysterical! What's your Kitty's name? I hope you'll be watching at 6:30am! 
Pardon my outburst. I'm just amazed at how wonderful my psp is 
"@jayseetoo maybe it's just a west coast thing, anyway, today I don't mind  Nice new pic btw"
@neonplasma yah! thats why im still linked to the AOL lady on my home page 
"@Matterbox sparklers, glitter, condoms, chocolate, mini vodka, badges, magazine, crisps, mini wind up toy &amp; #discount voucher 4 dinner "
I am such a workaholic! Made an appointment for monday at 11am. But monday is a bank holiday here... 
Don't forget to watch @andybumatai at www.theandybumataishow.com at 1 p.m. Hawaii time (later on mainland!) tomorrow. I'll be there! 
@MxtMedia any new music mixes? I'd like to hear some if you let me... 
@babycakessss welcome then 
"Heading back to the office now. Harrow wasn't too bad, there was a Cafï¿½ Nero "
"@TferThomas  Good Evening Sir,How is the travellin Man lol "
"@lu_lu Internet says average blowjob lasts 20mins, at WA minimum wage of $17.60/hr for casual that rounds out to about $11.61 per blowjob "
"@berrygurl919 hmmm, my Pearl had a fatal erro occur during a firmware upgrade, &amp; won't do anything including switch on. Unbricking now "
anyone wanna buy me stuff online?  i'll pay you in hugsssssssss
@TheRangeLoner very much yes 
"@ShannonOKeeffe It shouldn't be your destination 4 your vacation, when you live the life of your dreams U live in the &quot;Land of Success&quot; "
"@v_legand looking great iain!!!!  You can never get ready early enough, when it comes to stuff like that! :p"
is scanning piktchas from races maann 
3 days and I shall be blonde whoop 
Sammie is gay  i right wish this update would come
"@DanHawkins good, i was already getting a bit worried "
@H0TBABE Well .... I'm on holiday!!! 
@Joi okaeri  please take care of Bo chan 
hi hotbabe he is rob33n site work 
@BethTing PRETTY GOOD THANKS  YOU?  haha
@bluegecko7 I totally agree. Hot Rod is funniest film since Something about Mary. Hmm. I can feel a repeat viewing coming on 
Eastern in arctic 
@manda I'm going to try this last hour. I even turn the volume up on the alarm so I won't miss it. Nitey nite 
oh yay dinners ready now!  haha
@jonconnelly lol! Nope.. I'll still be in my 20's for another year. 
Eating an easter egg  i knnow its abit early :p
I'm going to take a shower.. I'm gonna try to wake up   http://twitpic.com/2y7wy
Yayy!! It's Here!! I Keep Polishing It... It's Adorable!! 
@Robi27 Has a happi yes! 
@benpopps @richward @Wardybits  gt for whisky fans incl. a chance to learn how to distill your own malt  http://www.spiritofspeyside.com/
@Spidor  Did you downloaded the file I've sent you via Dropbox? It's quite good stuff. Both Dropbox and the file  http://getdropbox.com
"@lorissa Podcast? Thanks Lols, i didn't know about that. I can pass it on to RAF. "
"Yes, i found a good sized photo it will have to do "
@spanishmanners TextWrangler is awesome. Especially when I finally figured out how to increase the default font size. 
@Noa_Liberator I didn't get any  but they told us we'll be getting a modest gift this year.
@DonEads WOW!! I am honored...thank you for connecting with me on my blog!!  just a mouth!
@davidderaedt Does Lupo use itself for its own localization ? 
@Renato71 cheers ..it's a variation on a theme 
"@ruthbeedle hmm, rude. that person should be 'removed'. i am well, yes please food please yes "
@MandyyJirouxx how r u??  how's the weather in LA?? Vienna is awesome  xx
@Jessthemediocre hahaha very cool! 
"@RebelSean Yeah, I've played it. Pretty good game, especially as it hasn't bothered with DRM, and it's cheap. "
@smartdashboard yah yah I can understand; if you use firefox browser then you can get an add on called twitterfox. I love it 
@Lambgirl_83 Well Follow Me Twice! 
@Katne why r u in bad mood babe?? i sent you something this morning hope it will arrive early this time  xoxo
@richardpbacon we were making electromagnets  I doubt she'd remember- tis not very show biz
is on my way to Kenny's place for a game of mahjong! Wish me luck peeps!Woohoo..!!   
SARAH!  told you I'd figure one out 
"@DaviddjFrancis Yeaah well done Hannah and its nice to have Wyvern FM local all day again, how local radio show be during the day "
@ricksanchezcnn That's way too true Rick. Some dumb - others just boring... Tks! 
@elefevre I have some monthes to convince my wife 
"@gas700girl excellent - the Twitterisation of everything continues apace, then "
Getting ready to go out for dinner with the family to celebrate a most important day.....MY Birthday 
"@stewarttownsend shame you couldn't be here, back at ExCel again, reminds me of FOWA Expo and your beach stand "
@_pants_ You should do children's books. 
mmm..... going to a meeting at a wine farm tomorrow in stellenbosch.... yum 
"hey guys!  I am so tired, damn hahaha  I am so bad at Twittering now hahaha, but i promise dat this will change! "
@Sheamus I always find a tv channel called Dave hillarious. I am in the UK 
@keithdsouza glad you like it 
@EmmaLight I'd forgotten about that  We need to do that again sometime.
the silent house; music to my ears  just being tonight
@markdan_03 may we come along?  *idea ni Hani
@dotmariusz I'm a late bird  Mariusz - you from Poland? past noon here - still morning for me 
"One of my toons on City of Heroes just sold an item for 25Mil influence.  That will NEVER happen again.  Of course, it doesn't need to... "
Looking at the pictures my friend shot yesterday. They are beautiful! 
"@larsthomsen , Yea, friadays on a tuesday 12-sharp "
"@latexfetish Yes, it actually does work now.  (BTW: I also stumbled over that strange widget on my first try)"
"back from jogging, took a shower and now going to cook lunch... gonna make some french fries and salad "
"running went great *haha*, got enlisted in YOGA and fitness ... going pretty well today (for a birthday) "
@Jayme1988 Aw well aint u lovely  how u doin today hun?
@bookie_girl call someone and find it out  Can't be that hard. Only getting things down maybe...
@rainbow_jo If you can do it in 140 characters..... 
mornin all!  hope ur all well n had a nice wk end!       
@shantiernan I miss you fool! I'll scrounge off my dad and we can go Trafford Centre when I get back 
@jackschofield recovering nicely thanks  Looking forward to kid's 18th birthday party on Thursday.
Beach with boyfriend - just enjoying the scenery 
"Having a great time on France, thanks for asking...   http://twitpic.com/2y7xo"
@Georgina_Milne didn't learn anything that's going to affect my day-to-day geekery but did learn Firefox has over 5 million lines of code 
"About to start second half of the concert, Love my phone for keeping me happy "
@OfficialTL hey . . just got twilight on DVD . . loved it . . ! ! can't wait to see New Moon . . ! !  
@Palinspired Could you repeat the question? 
easter parcel from UK arrived eeeeee! all that yummy chocolate from afar! mayb wont tell kids bout it and just work my way thru 
@VATD have a Happy Birthday tweet 
@ijustine How bout u remind me to go to the gym 
"@mileycyrus your movie isn't out until Friday my dear! no worries, we'll all be seeing that too!! "
God damn shaun is depressing 
Turns out Cookie Crisp was mildly-er appetizing 
a new zealand web designer who is a twitter newbie is no longer a twitter virgin! hello hello 
@hewis i'm reading it hewis! 
"welp, bedtime for me guys. night "
@ddlovato hi demi  im masyaa nice to know you!
"@TopRankings4U Hi, thank you for following! "
@Chuoty wooooosaaaa. now now be nice 
@bradiewebbstack sway sway tour in julyyyyy! exitedd muchh  follow me pleaseeee? i need more followerss 
"morning !   should have by blackberry by the end of today Wahoooooo, a phone that should hopefully work "
@empireofthekop the word you are looking for is SCUM. 
Hm... This is what you get for allowing coworkers playing with your twitter account... 
@LadyParadis Ah. I figured you probably were or kept a very punishing schedule. 
@hitzdotfm katy perry? yeah.. come here please 
@antonioj Did you get my msg ok this morning? 
@jessicastrust sipping a cappuchino here - choice of the monks  i
@gabysslave Morning! Yeah - big to do list today. But Tuesday already feeling much better than Monday 
@kensutz I was slightly swayed by that too 
@Profetengus feels good to know man. Now I know that there at least is one more freak out there 
I'm thinking the unthinkable for this weekends photo meet. Fil...... so hard for me to say it 
Going to get a vegeterian pizza  mmm
"@BabyMakinMachin LOL, yes it does! Iz that ur hubby? U 2 R gonna makes some v. v. cute babies! "
@pradyotghate uploaded 4 pics i cud find decent out of the whole days shoot 
haha im so lame its 7.30 and im off 2 bed  lol c u at 2.30!!!!!!
@josemarques u do web pages 4 free? Suposse not 
i'm actually on twitter 
"just got home from work  @f_florentina  heyyyy, how was the phoro studio thinggy? you coming to school tomorrow?"
And all I want to do in life is eat lollipops and Twitter. 
roll on sundayyy  ee actualy excited for the trip 
"Just got back home, sleep time before going to the (mighty) comm to fetch some beds "
"@jonuts There was definitely a romance about the time.. cool games, crappy music that /seemed/ cool then.. "
"@mattcopp if you have anyone who can help me with the design, drop me a @ "
@lu_lu thank you! 
nooo more assessments.... now in holiday mode 
"@Morrica This is very true. But, there's work to be done and if I napped all day like I want to I'd never sleep tonight! "
hurley tshirt and jeans  just like every other day haha
"just arrived at Dulles. it's freezing and I'm on no sleep, but.....I'm happy. "
@frazierbooty you mean in your ears 
Looking forward for my long weekend ....starting tomorrow 
just watchin bit 'o' telly! 
New bags are almost ready! They're full of textures and small surprises... guess that there willl be a shop update by the end of the week 
"@misterwallace Oooh, are you doing Would I Lie To You? "
"@NEONCON Mind you, they've got to have some balls to make an announcement like that and think it'll be accepted. Fupid stuckwits "
@EarthLifeInst This Tibetan 'pill' one doesn't eat It's made w/ unique ingredients &amp; thousands of mantras recited while making. 
"happy 6teenth Jenny again  just wanted to remind you its you're birthday today, jusssstt in case you forgot ;) say cheese."
@karmadillo Thanks  @juliankimmings sorted me out. A conversation sometime would be nice  Drowning in a funding application this week.
"Nice, very nice http://www.ohgodmyeyes.com/ "
@ipathia maybe she has some retained placenta? - the vet should know what to do 
@jrgibson1 Im quite happy with my HP PC Laptop thank you 
"@bsmommy99 it's not just you, i'm feeling the same way girlfriend, maybe we need a cave big enough for two "
@DianaRusso  Did you want me to see the indigenous medical officer lol 
@TheFemGeek good luck! 
great photos of Scotland http://psdessential.com/inspiration/50-stunning-photographs-of-scotland/ (except the grey and miserable one 
customerssuck.com   
@maleehaa you mean 'scared' and 'threatened'? 
@blurtit thank you for answering my question. 
@abcdefglynis Welcome home 
"@latexfetish Okay, your blog is now included on www.bloxxx.net - Would be happy if you include a link back to me - if you want to "
@DHanly No... But it was announced today 
Had an exceptional day...dont ya just luv it when everything goes smoothly... heaps done + luv when you follow the extra God promptings 
"@danishkanavin no, its stand for &quot;idiot&quot; every one who buy one is an iDiot "
"got accused of cheating by her cheating boyfriend! As if. Good bye, twat! Girly night in tonight! Woop! "
Just gonna go shopping up Fosse Park with mates  Got ï¿½75! Yeyyy!
had a great time yesterday  Thanks everyone for turning up and having a laugh x
I'll have 87 wc in about 5 minutes  rofl
"@babycakessss when you know the twitter-world, you'll stick to it "
"Initial thoughts are Peach upside down cake (Kai doesn't like Pineapple), butterfly cakes, drop scones or scones "
Rocking @ The BiG CoMeDown! Fucking NIN-Mode !   Dunno iF mY NeighbourS Still like me that MuCh.. Lol !
"@bookie_girl ooh, the Room of Requirement! http://is.gd/raut "
i did end up taking bowie for a walk  felt good afterwards
"@wfverkerk CS4 uses the hellish tab interface, staying away from that "
"@MmmBaileys Happy birthday, Jess! "
"@clairelouisef lol I try. Maybe not hard enough. lol. I'm 20, 21 at the end of the year.  Yourself?"
"Yay, watching phineas &amp; pherb in bed. I love this show "
"@lbran, thanks for sending us the package - got it this morning!  "
@ickleoriental hahahha.. U obviously don't hv one!! But maybe u can give me advice?  Fdw.. Foreign domestic worker 
"@juliekoh It's an internet term, but it's spilled over into common use, in real life "
new day.... NEW TRACK!!!! 
@foodieguide Okay we need to have a competition to see whether you or I have the dodgiest Cantonese. I bet I win 
"@PerfectElement noooooooo i wish, I just saw it advertised, lmao. I am going for this one!! "
"I swear you can not get anything better than a 100 degree shower and then a good cuppa tea, im in a better mood now "
@sammijo66 if it's only a paper I'd suggest: a) a pigeon b) a message in a bottle c) other/don't know 
i've been playing with SQLite. what do I think of it? AWESOME! 
recording a new video 
i got my necklace and eyeko lip balm from asos today  happy bunny
@xhelloxgoodbyex ahhh i love it  the books are so good can't wait for new moon.
@peaceoflove08 alright. well just let me know.  good night.
"First, came Software as a Service... Now, Food as a Service!  http://is.gd/rauq"
started on my class newsletter today and am almost done! HECK YEAH!!! 
@mensdomain *gigglesssssssssssssss* there ya go 
@ferretprincess The word cloud is very alarming...I say good a lot apparently. I like that though.... 
"going shopping tomorrow with cinta, should be fun "
Wishing my big brother Nelson a very Happy Birthday! 
@tishous yay chuck klosterman!  
@gfalcone601 have a nice day! 
@helgahenry thx for the tip. It worked! Time for a cup of tea 
finally has a name for her penguin  Bertie!
"@RealHughJackman I wonder, do celebs just google their headshots for their profile pic? Can't wait to see the movie btw "
@dougiemcfly yey dougie.. how are you? good morning 
@sirjec hehe absolutely  really looking forward to the whole experience 
Todayy was sweet 
iPhone gold rush...get in now!  http://www.nytimes.com/2009/04/05/fashion/05iphone.html?pagewanted=1&amp;_r=1&amp;em
@creatingorder Well that's always a bonus isn't it 
"Enjoying the wonder that is Pat and Neil this morning. Might explore some instrument options later today, but for now Pat and Neil "
@blackhouse i'm sure the colleagues really appreciate that 
"@peardoll Hey, how are you. lovely car you got... "
"@ingridmusic can't WAIT for your new record, you go girl! "
"The thought of being on the Green with my green makes me far too happy. Speaking of happy, only 9 days left "
ooh and my checkered vans slip-ons  pink green and black lol
is still tired..Despite her 6 hours last night  x
@denniswright thanks for the plug  it's the service i created  glad you like it though
"Have started to use Firefox when I use Twitter,love the spellchecker as I'm always prone to silly typo's! "
woho cool. today ist the day of days. i've created my twitteraccount 
@pgrossi A female friend of his placed judgement on me just as you did  She created a problems for him w his friends-he wrote the sweetest
A week today and we'll be back home! 
@Wyldceltic1 I'm liking it 
i feel surprisingly alert considering the abundance of alcohol last night and the lack of sleep this morning. 
@karenbirch Thank you thank you thank you   Best parcel EVER!! X
just put another roll of 120 slide in 
@JohnFletcher I'll hope to meet up with you if I come 
Have received my first title name      &quot;Creative technologist&quot;
Designing a nice clean and clear concept today. Whitespace is the name of the game 
@trib the social media diagram http://twurl.nl/w72g7w is cc but non derivative! * one never knows if someone will mess it up  *
"@StevenRosenbaum Politically, Economically, And now I make &quot;Noise&quot; when I move "
@jessup88 sure happy to help 
AEM intakes are so sexy  get yours now 01614948343
"@littlefoxy yes, but u can eat them ceremonial , too ... that's actually what i was trained "
@mrskutcher you saved that lady    you should be rewarded.
Good morning all. I hope today brings hope and joy to all of us 
@AdrenalineLuke Well I believe you already know my opinion on this kind of freshness. Haha 
@JaylaStarr well since talkin to fine woman such as you um better id say 
 Going to london in 2 days hopefully 
Jingle bells - jingle bells - jingle all the way 
"would like some attention from her lover now. ah, two days and then i get to see him! "
@spreadingjoy Good morning. Have a wonderful day 
@havidaemmarkl aquilo no background ï¿½ a Ana a jogar singstar? 
@robin_parker @gazraa such a retro animation! Sesame Street was ace! 
"@samin i'm in the process of thinking about stuff, similar unclarity here: http://twitter.com/villetikkanen/status/1464079123 "
"@emeraldjaguar It will be Thursday here, hump day tomorrow, will give it a crack - meetings all day so might be late. "
"@chinewinelover there were quite a few wine April fools, but wine is so much fun (or so odd) we don't really need jokes "
http://twitpic.com/2y847 - a sketch by me on paint.exe. 
"@therelaxingzone we usually recite it during Zazen, i like saying it "
has tafe 2mor yay almost finished 
Listening to Very Jon &amp; Oscar Tg's mixes of Rise of the Robots. WOW 
@totallytheatre STOP!  can't handle any more copies of the same tweet  Your blog keeps throwing them out.
@oskar dude I so have both of those apps on my Mac 
@cosmicgirlie Lol! Well I spent all weekend in bed... Also need to go buy stuff to make CAKE!!!!  
@RobPattinson_  hey i think your really amazing..especially in twilight..keep the good work up!! 
? Clint Eastwood. The singer  -&gt; http://blip.fm/profile/guspim/blip/6592583  ?
"@Love_Wave course u can, but why am i funny? "
Wan'ts so go back =/  But weather is fiiiine so I'll be outside all day 
@donegnor  Thanks for following me. I hope you enjoy my tweets. 
"@gunkanator geez, i wouldn't say that on here "
Home and drinking tea 
"@cupcakesfortwo no, I think is slowing down now.. just gotta be careful a bit, when I stand up... very annoying, lemme tell ya.. "
@stephylouise aww hun he replied to you  Yayy!!
I must go everyone. Have a splendid day. 
@OnesongOneday I am X's latest album has leaked  thought u'd might like to know...haven't gotten around to hearing yet though
second time going to be a mom in TV com   . hope this time I'll be chosen.
Mobile Application services winning new clients for Dot Com Infoway  - http://tinyurl.com/dllgdl
finally sweepy time  weeew  Nite Nite!!!
"@Boddingtons good morning, how are you? so tell me about this ball... your highness... "
@Bern_morley you're thinking about the easter long weekend too much 
"@Majestic76 awwww... That's sweet of u 4wanting 2follow me.  i feel uh, like Jon. LoL. Did u get every single @ msg i sent to ppl 2?"
"@JustinMGaston I LOVE jason reeves, awesome song! "
checking in online for my flight tomorrow   easter is almost here!!
"on the bus, going to see luke  &lt;3 im gonna know this bus route of by heart soon, lmao"
"@ehoust15 how's you today? Send me some motivation, with a bacon roll "
Good Morning Everyone   NEW Turquoise and Green Fantasy Fused Glass Pendant http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=23358494
its 9:42am londoners 
@rahhmazingx3 I can't remember... I remember I shaved all it's hair off and made it wear Ken's clothes. 
I need to catch up on a few things. I will be back in a couple of hours! 
"@AlexFayle I walked right into that one.  How are ya, Alex?"
Is in the process of making her life a whooole lot better  Go Future Planning!
"Can we make a difference, today?! Just smile  www.troostgeschenk.nl"
Just got the Stallion magazine in my hands. It looks really good. Cant wait to hear what people think 
We are putting up the stages! Screens and lights are already there 
Is gonna do some painting now 
@SianMellissa bless you  x
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - Wooooooooooow  So cute
"Hi @sterestherster, thanks for the @MrTweet recommendation. http://mrtweet.net/natasjadb?tr Dank! "
@davidorban ooopsss... apparently search feature puts twitamatic under a whole new perspective. interesting! 
"@KateHolden At work, not really got a lot on at the mo. Quick tweet whenever I can "
@DianaRusso @ZnaTrainer  thanks for the retweet 
@osuamateur97 yeh its cool....better when you're out and about and have a twitter app on your phone...you can tell the world everything! 
morning all hope everyone is feeling refreashed and ready for a hard days work  ha who am i kidding
", 2174 kroner in coins. And they were just sitting around. Ask for small notes, feel pimp'ish "
is looking forward to the big 34 
@QandQ I don't think I'd make a very good optemist 
@thepetshopboy another 80's/90's child  thanks for the reblip   ? http://blip.fm/~3xayt
@Chloe40 Your not a loser twitterer :L You have 6 followers  loveyou xoxo
Working  and seeing things in the net
Useless thought of the day: is there a difference between people who write smileycons thus  and those who write them thus (: ?
More live 311 to get in the mood too!  ? http://blip.fm/~3xayx
@MegsEggs Yes! Positivity is an excellent thing! 
"@RockYourDay That sounds fantastic! It's 7.40pm, and I'm putting together my photography portfolio to share with one of my idols "
"@james_brooks yeah, glad you're infection isnt too bad. hope it stays that way "
"@webofcolour cool, I love your animal paintings. "
"@aussie_ali  yes i  understand, dutch words are noch so different from german , have you been in germany?"
Finally at home  holidays!!!!!
@phomor LOL Hoping for no last minute cock-ups but planning for them nonetheless I hope! 
Finally got some sleep last night. 
@mrsibs CDs? How quaint !!  
Done with the last meeting. Didn't go as bad as I thought it would 
@pico well it's up to us to make it positive or negative  #politikana
@maxnugget Its stuck in my head now! Thanks! 
sitting bored... its 10.44 and i have no skl! its easter holidays  x
watching a movie...i want a BLUE sky 
@sotodance come here and you sure will. I drag everyone that comes to visit to see Herbert 
@rustyrockets morning russell hope you have a lovely day  xXx
"Trying to work at home! Watched 5 year old Kaci make a Metaplace world, KacisRainbowWorld, which has no rainbows but has trees in holes "
"Was working late tonight recreating some lost code.  I came up with good improvements, so I feel both stupid and clever at the same time. "
@berryanarchy Why not? 
"@sonnyjoeflangan home and away love short stack  , almost as much as i love them. but i think i love them more."
First 2 DVDs from LoveFilm on the way  Meet the Robinsons and Princess Raccoon! YAY! So Excited!
"Want's to go back =/  But weather is fiiine today, so I'll be outside all day "
Just got woken up by the sun shining through my windows  lovely.
@HenryMichel et on te comprend 
"@urbankiwi thanks, "
@kiwi_blockhead i can read it hun 
reading city of ashes. didnt really get that into city of bones but we'll see 
@BlairUnderwood chilled out in the Canberra autumn sunshine 
"@EmReads @DevourerofBooks @kissmybook I do think Specials ought to be good, but I don't even have a copy to read, yet "
amazed daughter got to sunningdale this morn without getting lost at changeover or missing stop altog..should have more faith! 
@trugiaz everythings alright! yea thank you for welcoming me  Hope everythings good on your side!
@larrysullivan No worries on the age. You'll totally be believable as a dad figure. 
loves the fact that i have the time to update now.  http://kcasti.blogspot.com/2009/04/it-took-me-away.html
Just received this package as a &quot;delayed&quot; birthday surprise  http://short.to/3uoh
There's a whole bunch of weird people following me... so I'll just do some more reading and pretend they aren't there 
Just downloaded 'Get Personas' - a Firefoxp plugin which allows you to easily dress up your browser. There's some really nice designs. 
@foodieguide With parentals and relatives in HKG yes. With siblings no  Can't read or write Chinese though.
is in rainy amsterdam 
"@dancingbudgie jesus, even more impressed! When mine were those ages I barely had the energy to change the TV channel in the evening "
so happy nitz has twitter now 
"looking forward to today, shows &amp; beach party, busy day haha "
"is watching balamory, and still waiting for ness to find me on twitter "
@moodleman http://twitpic.com/2taqx - this is great.. thanks  links perfectly with the look into connectivism I had with Syephen Downes
@vipvirtualsols my gawd! Where did you find that!? Man I feel ancient all of a sudden lol lol 
If all else fails... make cake!!! 
@stewarttownsend and your shirts 
@RightWingPirate And you're our favorite &quot;right wing conspiracy&quot; nut job! 
"If you feel offensed by dumbass marketing on Twitter, too &gt; #retweet my ass. "
"@sabinedewitte de soundtrack is echt super, de stem van Eddie Vedder is lovely "
"One hour of complete balck-out, no twitter, no MAC,...No life?! how pathetic really.Made the most of it though, sun was there, reliable "
"My boyfriend snores really loud, it woke me up. But it's alright i love him. "
try to follow every one who follow me 
@KateHolden Helps get me through the day. 
"@amber_benson oh no, the one day i didnt go into uni =(. if u decide to do the harbour bridge climb, make sure you go to the bathroom 1st "
how about throwing a shoe wrapped in #pinkchaddi at renuka chaudhary 
"@Folke You're welcome. Wow, the guy created something just great! I'd love to meet him "
"@acydrx I've never had Mexican coke, sugar in soda is delicious.  Also, didn't realize you were immortal. Did you give it mouth to mouth?"
"@admanic Yeah  It was hard and although it worked for me and I'm now doing very well, I don't recommend doing it this way. "
sorted out the room issue - we'll have a new flatmate from sunday 
@savitri not if they're not dead 
@Nutronic Good luck! In general mate - most job centres are like that - so out of touch 
"Hi guys. In school at the moment, just chilling. Finished ICT coursework, woot woot.  @jeanbridges Hi!"
@JohnFletcher yea I'll meet you in the town center bit or something 
@erickaaa haha okay then. can i call 2night tho? 
@mamamammy And another one joins the dark side.  We have cookies or at least we will when someone gets around to baking them 
At the Royal Library for the first time. I get the attraction that some guys at DTU have with this place. Very nice! 
"@triplejsr Haha Rosie, I say words like 'totes' 'deffs' 'possibs' etc. mainly bcos I am lazy and can't be bothered to say the whole word! "
I've given people a chance to ask a more original question and said people better take it. 
@GissiSim goood day  doing great 
going to make some new home videos for youtube  this is funny!!
The BIG article about Rahul Gandhi's M.Phil (fake?) on the first page of The New Indian Express is so sarcastic! The writer is a genius! 
@serialseb I've got build 7068 x64 and it's running great. That MSDN subscriptions will come in handy 
@twliciousness  @badbanana A new report ranks Nebraska number one in fiscal happiness. I th.. http://tinyurl.com/cda68o
@mivillephoto It disappeared yesterday-so I uploaded a new one 
made some greens today.. no wait.. i believe its yellowish orange 
"@CarolCacophony DAS war schicksal, talk to ya later, milady.  &lt;3"
@modelstruck I'm in need of a new profile pic and pics with Talena 
"@jugguhlette Its not denial, its truth. "
@Animegan ooooooh johnny depp is in it? hence; it is awsome. even though i've never seen it. 
"@gingerswann yeah, I stopped breathing when Sayid pulled that stunt...too abd it didn't work..or have you caught up that much yet? oops  "
@RealHatter  I am expecting him to get his waffle board out and start jumping up and down.I wonder what she thinks of his extra leg lol 
@richardquest Shoulda had the muffin! 
talking to my ong lost cousin 
do you like my new pic? i took it yesterday 
(via @cupsy) officially adding &quot;queen of double entendres&quot; to my resume http://brunettes.onsugar.com/3009806 
@Mumsontop I am I promise  just getting though the week- will catch up just after easter? 
@Ean_  I miss you Ean.
getting ready for another family get together at Dad's Glorietta. 
@Iconic88 it's a pleasure 
"@krishnakum i told ya ...but its uber cool , so be happy ... dont treat her as omen "
@rmilana haha thank you thank you thank you... haha haha thank you 
new @ http://sharebrain.info : Braintalk with Jordan Gray (you will find some kick ass graphics there   *pls share if ou like*
"Happy Birthday to Whuan Chienn, 20 yrs old alr... "
"@cravenjade Won't give an exact $, but I will say that my online stuff gave me the equivalent of a 25% raise from my day job last year "
@phr0ggi More fun if we do it between ourselves 
@Schofe ooooh anything to do with chocolate and i'm there  xxx
I guess I'll try and go to sleep...Goodnight! 
@htxt thanks for resolving the issue in such a timely manner 
"@ColtonG hi bb bro, I hope u wake up n find tis reply  u r not talking to yrself *hugssss* I dunno why yr DMs didn't show up in d web.."
@chuckdarw1n yeah but casting The Afleck as David Morrissey is way too American 
All done in the salon  Just had a mooch round the shops and now off home for much needed coffee! Hee!
@skywalkergirl YEAH finally &lt;333 iï¿½m sooooo happy for you 
@pammy_lane oh haha. You're gonna get addicted 
"@jemma_foster Ditto,yes we should and we should also stay at nannas like every night "
"@evarley yeah! need to cash in, quickly "
"@deathwarmedover 'Trying to find the tickets you're talking about. Probably failing, sorry' - at least they know "
"@PaulaAbdul Have fun at the studio, Paula! I'm rly excited about ur album. It was so awesome to watch you perform on Superbowl before. "
@ceetee u got i-phone dude....capture some good moments na 
@jezwelham i love kiss  your my fav dj when you next on?
@MICF You blanked me! 
Yay! Only 3 more days of work til the loooong weekend and the weather forecast even looks OK for Glasgow! 
@piawaugh *dance dance dance* Finally I can tell people. 
"@junkclub Karizma, Spen, Dennis Ferrer, or Martinez Brothers please! "
"@FrancescoC yeah, could you ask, when R13B release is scheduled and lobby EEP 0007 FFI "
trying to setup yahoo pipes for tracking some important blogs .....let me know if u guys know some thing better then yahoo pipes 
"@NacMacFeegle I tend to bite the top off, lick it out then eat it. Delicious indeed "
@josordoni I used to be able to do that at uni. I'd just renew them instead of walking 2 mins to hand them in! 
"@Cespur Not bad mate, keep going  Nice start "
is writing about twitter.....and hopes everyone is having a great day. www.the-gaylife.com 
@danishkanavin no the idiot who took it 
[late] Good Morning Everyone 
thinks &quot;stop using facebook and follow me on twitter  http://twitter.com/paulrjmellors
says &quot;Good luck with your Theory Test  Chelsie  I'm sure you'll do fine  xxx&quot;
"has sore legss, and im so glad i came back to the gymm really missed ittt  tom and danny and dougie repllyyyy my gorjusses"
"@kirstyfionagh i modifed my twitter and i think you should do the same.  xoxo (yes, i too think i am now gossip girl) haha"
"@amradelamin Good Morning, I hope you did well "
@gavlp I'm pretty fine today - I feel optimistic  how are you?
"Studying for English midterm.I get out at 11,then im coming home and sleepinng allll day "
"writing music for my debut EP.  which of course, will never be released. sigh."
@oli_l works like charm 
Oooooh it feels good outside kinda chilli..So grab a jacket 
is getting ready to go to hyde park 
@zeddessarts 'A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle.'   
"Check out www.monitter.com @macbuddha mentioned it earlier, but it is a fantastic site "
"Sure its snowy again, but atleast I got to skid across the parkinglot one last time "
ready for Swedenn!  plusssssss+ Miley Cyrus's new soundtrack rocked my socks off...AND NOW MY TOES ARE COLD! thanks a lot! =P
is about to go and see Michael Franti in concert....should be fun! 
@jeffhandley I am speechless 
@Mayyita U r still discovering something to do @ work haha... I  told u Twitter lol 
@darenBBC check out my podcast there is a great Britney Spears vs Arctic Monkeys mashup on it  www.nutronic.net
it'd be great if some opensource luminary would record 'talk' files for #rockbox  the daleky voice is unimpressive 
@_vhd_ haha viel zu viel people did. From everywhere. It's filled now. You should come visit us here though 
having a little go at building his &quot;gigography&quot; on songkick 
@marks thank you! you made me in a better mood for sure 
@proveisso learnt from the best 
3 Days Until Birthday  
"@hungmins_girl The sane one, so I think ...Helga? The one that wasn't insane. "
@Spitphyre well i'm on vodafone...so the grief is mostly yours 
@AlanDana I'd say it was vice versa for me 
"@rechargelife I'm also glad to be on RenPro,still making myself familiar with their so many training tools "
"@twinklydave thanks dave, pedals ordered "
@cuckboy amazin twittering! keep em coming ... it's super exciting to follow your advantures with your wife 
@edintfest shame about the Spiegeltent - look forward to its triumphant return next year as it really is an amazing venue 
"@_lilyxo hahahaha, i will i will  but how black am i gonna be when i get back true  and my hair is gonna be like blonde as! yipeeeee"
@Weeza79 Do you usually walk or go to gym or anything? Walk run is safe anyway...and you'd build up quickly enough 
@sharybobbins And *that's* why I love Austrailans 
"@_Kathi HUGS  Yes, lady, survivors are a determined group  Last night went well...I did not cry!!!"
"@DerSiedler saw mallcop last week.. but nothin special to me, if u know the trailer, u know the movie. 3 out of 10. // KoQ rox anyway "
@gtvone good!! this week is a sort one 
had a good night last night  going to see my nan  seeing the guys later (Y) good day x10
"thanks to her wonderful boyfriend, his brother and their amazing best friend she forgot about her ticket "
Yes i realise am 5 days behind! But only just noticed 
"Just saw the trailer for Green Lantern: First Flight, awesome!  http://movies.yahoo.com/movie/1810077708/video/12839105"
@ThorWinston 
@Pinkduffer Awesome 
@mandyjwatson Brilliant. Nanoblogging 
oh wow. I love this SousChef software from www.macheist.com 
found someone to go with  
Wow.. I am drunks at jans..bye 
no queenbee today 
 only here and myspace
Nate told me so. 
"@Minervity I've got four identities, three sites, two one sheets, four biz cards, water the plants and two dev. concepts "
@theproblemkids  mother love bone...woo hooo!!! haven't listened to them in a while....think i might just go give them a spin today!! 
So excited to be starting Softball again 
Stars Collide Guy Sebastian Debut US album &quot;Like it Like That&quot; out July  ? http://blip.fm/~3xb5r
"@Jacobtheaussie Excellent, I'll take a look at them. Thanks for the update "
...CITY! 
Goodnight 
!hailer nonworking cmd has been post in crew.. all that cmd did not give any respond.. 
"@jonobrain genius mate, and @mattbooth could be the same but with a hat, and i could just have no glasses "
@tara_cain I know. Dangerous. 
@lu_lu &quot;She wanted a double entendre do I gave her one&quot; 
Blah love how my sister things she's Miley Cyrus or Tayor Swit 
morning campers 
@DHughesy I think the pc term is 'twats' 
@AlexJReid try raphael JS - amazing svg/vml library for doing cool things with shapes and stuff  and works great with jQuery too
Working with TWEET!!! 
@amysav83 its ok I don't want give you sympathay or advice! I'm just a nosey bastard! 
@Paul_Monk My pleasure!! 
@officialTila hmmmm al lot of cats can't drink milk because they gain to have diarrhea...but dogs????  http://tinyurl.com/dkge55
@Silent_Brad touche! that he is 
"Well the patient is up and about now so Nurse Noble off to shower her  with care and comfort, tweet later "
i wish i lived in forks..is forks a real place? edward lives in forks 
@AndySalmon Don't forget you CAN have coffee if you are gonna get a workout in...BST day! 
I've discovered &quot;Monkey Forest&quot;    Planning a trip for Kris and i this summer.  http://www.monkey-forest.com/information.php?id_cat=1
"oh goody, another way of spouting forth all my comings and goings to those vaguely interested, or not...!! "
is up tweakin it lyk always hookuh! 
"@DarenMarc I'm ALWAYS a good boy! Into meetings now, so tweet later "
11 days til my birthday !!!  and Tree Day in 2 days !  x
@samiyusuf Alhamdulillah  so happy to hear that.. God bless you.
to fucked to have a shower yet  might watch some skins first 
@fionamccarthy Thanx hun 
"is going in for a meeting shortly. As usual, no idea what it's about, so going in to &quot;winging it&quot; mode "
@underexpose  long GFJM09
@gblock messenger.live.com ? 
"@teaandcake__ I know Beckenham's not great, but it can't be that bad, surely?  (hope there is light at the end of the tunnel)"
"@cyantificNHS air nz are shit! Dunners is cool tho, enjoy NZ "
"@Nezza27 Ask Robertina .. I thought it was an Italian thing  , for sure not the UK and I lovedddd ittttttt"
Get paid to advertise your site or affiliate links (PS thats a double profit margin  )
@ad95ad yes please! i'll be so grateful 
"@shimonta for example I just spent 2hours cleaning: followings, followers   -- I want 2return follow humans  good people  -- i sleep now"
@tashkins thanks 
"@minteva i'm good, feeling unproductive but i dont mind today  x"
http://twitpic.com/2y8bt - Me and Deaan as Sweeney Todd and Mrs Lovett in the production of.....Sweeney todd....well duuh haha 
@CrazyMikesapps Oh? A song? Coolness! 
@GretasTardis I'm the third person in this conversation now  ...right?
http://twitpic.com/2y8eb - Mee at a partyyy..that is not alchohol in my hand.......well ahah 
"@KevinRuddPM how about a little more notice next time  i caught the last half, good stuff K-Rudd."
"@twinkleboi Stay calm. I'm sure he is more afraid of you, compared to you of him. Put yourself in his shoes  He's not gonna hurt you "
sperm sperm sperm 
@brightlydusted oh haha 
"@lilyofoz Petal Tops are bliss, Lily. Howl that to the moon goddess gal, "
@evileuropean So you're enjoying it then! 
"@jo_dunwoodie Thank you! Some of them do look right posers - good for them, helps us get attention and hopefully them homes! "
@Latesa Thinking of you and sending you hugs &amp; smiles  Hoping your chemo is almost over-holding your hand and praying-HUGS!
@ecaps1 bloody idiot!!   just shop him into some gay porn 
@GregMinton soakin' up the livin' 
@JustinRyan Does your tricycle have a horn and little streamers on the handle bars? 
"@gfalcone601 hi gi, do you like jacob or you prefer edward like carrie? "
yes yes yes last day of school tomorrow oh and i need to do something on thursday so if your free call me/ myspace me hahahh 
@waytobe what measure or controlling tools are effective for the EB process and how and why? 
@ushanarya hey.....bro.....u both were look like made for each other.....nd i must say.......she is a sweet girl... God bless u both.. 
We're playing HUB festival Saturday 23rd May if people wanna come down and check us out 
"@nekorin87 actually, i haven't had much time to read. &gt;.&lt;&quot; let you know tomorrow if you should bring in the manga on thursday? "
@2NewCats  Anytime  He talked about his book... between Colbert acting like  the usual Colbert ;) It was good.
"@fireflies_uk Oh yes, sorry - thanks much for the link! Tate!! Cribbins!!! Count me in, big time. Excited. "
@voceguy external aircon (including the beach)  in Dubai also 
@deedyi That was Turkish mate 
ughh. my eyes are hurting like hell right now. gotta shut it for a while 
all of  my kids are awake. Alan just left for Cleveland. I am ready for a nap  I just have to wait till the kids get sleepy too.
does anyone else wish for a simpler time of no more then 2 browsers 
@techxav how exactly are you graded? the number of rounds you make in the ground? 
"@Karen230683 i thought i was the only one! i admire the iphone, doesn't mean i want one "
citations are fun  #maynotbetrue
@rustyrockets come to Sweden..itï¿½s actually very beautiful. 
@GlynBarker Hi Glyn! Your feed IS filled with important decisions 
@evarley p.s. thanks 
meetin up with joshua later 
Anita is finally on Twitteeeeeeeeeer 
"If you missed The Bucket List last Sunday, tonight's your chance again! Don't miss out on it at 11pm (SIN) tonight on HBO "
Is awake at 5 am because I couldn't fall back asleep and nowni am listening to music RENT 
"@Spacefrog29 &quot;ohh... owww... stop biting me... ohhh the humanity... owww... please, won't somebody think of the braeburns!&quot; "
Mr. PIV @jakepiv....WELCOME 
Busy day already  Looking like it's nice outside too!
@fourzoas He is! He's my buddy! I'm so glad @justben lets me have him on the bed. He's part of the family 
@poppy_dog its like facebook but for doggies 
Good morning twitterland 
@Zachriel360  no worries just follow me ill dm u  bloody work eh hehe
@adamabbate there's a perfectly good bit of road there 
Designing things and squeezing juice from my brain. After it I will have to answer to some emails! 
"@lolpeggy not a problem, emjoy  play around with the different links to find the best quality one"
Doing yet more reading for university. When will it enddddd! Get to see my boyo tonight 
actually it is not really a secret link 
@Devyl oh...was eating Tobleron 
@BATKAT88  Thanks again big sis  Always looking out for me x
"watching the biggest loser, sad that andrew left but this is a good episode. saw watchmen today, worst movie ever, i love jake "
@tommcfly @gfalcone601 already?! I've just woken up! haha have fun 
"@zerogeewhiz didn't even notice, foes that make it ironic if you corrected it? "
@Wackiest Woohoo! Liking the love for Tweeting via DSi that's been going around 
"Hurray for civ Pro, the gift that keeps... Me up "
@datop ah indeed s/know/knock/  what amazes me is that locks can fail. No big deal because &quot;everyone poops&quot; but still...
"@Catmoo anti-naff pills, good idea! "
@downwithdesign well then I'm allowed too! I'm copywriting extrodinaire today... 
"@Aniyah she does indeed, glad tasha got one as well  x"
"@zeddessarts In fact, it's the &quot;time between times&quot; as the old celtic people called. The time when it's neither night or day. Magic time. "
@pjvandesande I hope with the same amount of images!? 
@Lilylauren I wish I went to that school  
i am so bored and really tired 
@plexsquared Woohoo! Really looking forward to playing with the new features and hope the Framework reboot leads to more cool plugins 
@rustyrockets I'll have that.  XXXXXXX
Just spent the last hour stuck in the elevator in my apartment building.  What fun...NOT!  Thanks to the Hoboken FD for rescuing me 
@tommcfly woooo! Go tom! Get breaking dawn while your at it  xx
@Asos_Julia  need help just ask 
can't wait till the musical&lt;3   &amp; Hannah Montana The Movie
@normaltusker do u know from where it has been lifted or rather &quot;Inspired&quot;? 
gonna meet my previous officemates for our usual fishball/isaw foodtrip 
READING MIDNIGHTERS BOOK 1 AGAIN  yayyerz
@niravmehta congrats man.. i will definately buy one 
@CoachDeb haha no not yet... but i will be soon if i don't get in bed now... so this is my final tweet................ for now 
@RobertTheBruce So glad to hear it! 
haha. i just got listed as a &quot;trendy tweeter&quot; who was talking about easter. 
@chaitrasuresh oooh  Its a very very tempting offer 
"@LadyErlynne well, if Sharmila went to Hogwarts she'd have a House anyways. "
finally on holidays  YAY! cant wait till the weekend cause im going camping at a farm with the fambam +keisha and amee 
"@shantiernan Yes we definitely should  I'll ring you tonight, my mum has loadsa credit so keep your phone on x"
astro belts win 
lalalalove that i might actually get to sleep tonight 
Tomorrow we'll gonna have Feijoda at the Office 
"I HATEHATEHATE Eoghan's mcfly cover, buuut I like his jb one  better wash my hair..."
watching 27 dresses.. ahh the power of internet   brothers getting up... =S uhhh ohhhh. oh well
@flikQ I saw ludovico einaudi in concert at the Liverpool philharmonic. Most sublime 
decided on glossy 
is phucked up!  I love Audel !
@a_glance_behind AWW Anna! -Huggles- Tom can warm you up  Haha. And oh gosh yes! We must meet up 
Examen 2009!!! 
Can YOU name that pad!? 
off to english class now  bye!
TsingTao beer is available from my local bottle shop. It's tasty and reminds me of being in China 
"@ayeashleigh omgg, awesome name for a hamster "
@dannophotos Told you that's how it ends up! 
@Midgley so wot r u workin on @ th mo - wot can we c u in nxt? i luved u in cutting it - katie x 
"@TheExpert Is it just me or do you look like Ringo? Peace and love, man! "
Kudos to Internode service. They hooked me up in 1 business day. 
"Follow us you know you want too  Big news soon hopefully  The bearded band member can blow me,lol Ryan xoxo"
"@Eveforhermcr_xx Did you like it? That movie looks way cute  I'm not bad, just in bed enjoying The Food Network "
Waiting for you to wake up... 
@petshopboys Are the vinyl b-sides appearing on cd ever? 
the stars look beutiful tonight in New Zealand 
"jeez, i'm so fucked up. don't you DARE TO ASK WHY "
"@grooveey Hi, your Beta Tester for #easyFind here! "
thinks today should be good  laureennn.
@stephanie_hall haha yeh we should  i kep gettin people from brazil and places like that haha
@AntHeald Thanks for your posts at http://www.literacyconversation.org 
Another great New Zealand Track! No dreams are ever over!  ? http://blip.fm/~3xbch
"My first blip is for the love of my life, Maggie...  ? http://blip.fm/~3xbci"
"is about to sit back and watch the latest episode of 24, i can never say it enough, i love the interwebs and not having to wait for shows "
@dwpoker we should!!  let's get t-shirts to make it offical.    haha!
@nikkixgoesxrawr i am absolutely thrilled about it. so freaking cute.  loveee!
"@christhebarker I've done dailies, weeklies and monthlies. Wouldn't mind an annual next "
@sarahhorrigan -- creative people shouldn't have to administrate 
"Green IT. It can be affordable, it can be efficient.. Let me tell you how we can help you become 'greener'. Green IT is the future.. "
"@hamjam01 sounded to me like you have a good understanding, which is why i was drawn to your tweet originally "
@JohnFletcher LOL no me and my cousins love it  we try to go there at least once every year and my grandparents are maybe gonna buy....
"@stephenrock Oh my god, I love him so much! ha! "
@ibeatcancrtwice Had to send you a HELLO  Hope your day is great and must retweet you...HUGS!!!
My camelbak has arrived - will give it a go later this evening for a run - no more dehydration  http://twitpic.com/2y8i9
@RobKardashian You should take a breather 
@gblock Of course dude -- you always have a gentle way of saying I'm completely wrong.  
London Marathon for the Foyle Hospice 3 weeks to go 
hello twitter! 
"Going to have breakfast, then put my face on before meeting Kat and the two Jamies for bowling fun "
i love you eoghan!  x
http://twitpic.com/2y8ie - Working at home 
@masscontrolkern You are bad Frank this must be your evil side coming out 
@a_glance_behind Hahaha I hope Danny starts usin his Twitter! And we'll find a way  We're the sisterhood of the travelling...Schmance?
at work. I'm gonna go home. 
so now chefcking out the band http://www.myspace.com/thebirdandthebee - nice summer music to chill out to 
@JessicaHamby Here you can create your own destiny in a way. All may not agree but it's your undead life and happiness. 
Mmm BBQ chicken. BBQ fish. BBQ shrimp. Philipino garlic sweet peanuts. Doesn't get any better on a beautiful balcony 
@ssbohio Hmmm. Interesting thought. Would you start with semi-automatics? Which ones are the assault vehicles? What about hi-capacity? 
is going out at 12 
is falling in some level of love.... so cute..... but so scary..... 
@fieza46 i'm taking up BS Management Accounting....  you? 
New updates on the website. www.blacktoprecords.ca  thank you Henry for doing an awesome job 
"@kishorcariappa Don't worry, I have more than 10 defense plans, trying the 1st plan now "
@nyafuri It's just like Anne! np  everyone would love her.
Translating... for money this time 
"@dantreacy thats the plan! do nothing for 12 months, get knocked up and have them pay for it  and have the option for PT work after!"
Just woke up. Gonna be drinking from 2 o'clock today! PRODIGY TONIGHT OMGZORZROFLMAOMGLOL          
hopes it will be warm enough to bust out sandals and dresses this weekend in athens 
Might go visit some ghosts at the video shoot! Going to have a nice catch up with chloe and going back to work. Great!! 
@alesa13  good morning to you  or afthernoon ..lol 
"Wondering...is it crazy to say its love?  If it is, take me away, because I'm head-over-heels crazy for him. "
"Wore Aramis Havana today - very nice fragrance!  Havana + hot java = way to wake up.  Thanks for the recommendation, Daniel. "
@CatheFriedrich U Bet!!!  Next week I'll hit the treadmill in HiiT mode!!!
@JohnFletcher a house there in a year or so 
this years Hell's Kitchen has an interesting mix of celebrities.. have already decided I want Bruce Grobbelaar to win or Ade Edmondson 
"All set for Get Diverted this Saturday at Plan B in Brixton, always a great crowd "
"@shani_epa ooh yes i meant saturday cos i cant go to whatever that is on friday haha oooh theyre black and theyre simple, but i love them "
a minute over. time to get up! let's start today right 
@mneylon thats a great domain name ...  wonder what it'll end up going for 
"Clearly I'm setting the correct timing for an animation, one tweet each blast/preview.   but ok I'm done."
@fourtunesfavson aw thanks  I have no idea how to use this lol im used to facebook :p
@Llin_93 i read one chaptyer last night &amp; got bored straight away. i cba with revision - wooh 
@rhifreakx no.  But i'm flying from CHINA! 
so now checking out the band http://www.myspace.com/theb... - nice summer music to chill out to 
@jangelo Sweet. We've got Friday as well. 
is with Ljiaxin preparing for our 6.30pm meeting!  sooooo cool. And Esther just passed her Chinese compo! so proud of her!
wants the sun to shine so that she can go out 
@i_reporter maybe you should take a break and put some i drops in 
@tommcfly Eclipse is awesome  it's better than new moon
@OfficialRandL Whey!  thats so goooooooooooooooood 
"@sandersdesign - depends what it's in relation to. It's really wide in comparison to say, 3px "
"hmmm, this is working very easy actualy "
"@dibau_naum_h Cool, although if it requires human intervention then it still doesn't solve my problem. "
@joek949 Yep - didn't get too drunk though. Gotta think of health and my wallet 
@Mumsontop it is  and it's doing well 
"@RobBothan Hahaha, drive by takedowns "
Want to shop at http://www.onlyoz.com.au/ but after they where mentioned on telly the site is dead 
"@iamdiddy I hate working out too, but we gotta do it to look good! Just keep in mind that it's worth it!!! "
"someone quoted some graffiti they saw in sydney on facebook - &quot;God hates homos!&quot; &quot;Yeah, but does he like Tabouhli?&quot; thats brill!!!!! "
FREE FOOD OFFER! www.graze.com with this code: PGT5MB8T - healthy snacks delivered to your desk.. yummilicious 
@patricklanglois Hey you  i hope you have a great day. I love you! xoxo
UPLOADED THE VIDEOOO  now to edit the title and shizzly then i will link you to it in a bit 
"Some ppl just need to grow the fxck up!!! But yea, goodnight..... "
"ok, i'm off to school. i'll stop bothering everyone lol wish me luck at school "
@EdCullen night Mr Cullen 
our mobile team should look at pomegranate phone http://www.pomegranatephone.com/ 
"@Tunnelman well, good morning then "
@hansonmusic http://twitpic.com/2y0cg - Im happy that things are going great with the recording!  HAHA tay
hi!!! new video is up..... http://vimeo.com/4040970   Please check it out!  all comments welcome!  Im so excited....  xXxXx
@starjamgirl Glad you understood my technical lingo &quot;little many dude&quot; haha 
"@smccarron Cool, well done. I'll have to check it out. Will definitely consider it a look for the next project "
@ieneney: thanks! are you graduating too? 
is rating silversteins new album 
"@JMPhotographer This Morning are cooking with chocolate this morning  I never knew you could - there you go huh , learning all the time .."
Bedtime... I have to get up in 4 hours... yay! Take care everybody! 
im gonna make this work! just wait and see. 
what a day!  Butterflies and Peacocks!
"Using Opera as main browser again, 10 alpha works great "
SHOULD PACK BUT IS A LAZY CRAP. am twittering and myspacing atm 
@cravenjade wo0t wo0t...congrats...awesome news 
@TEDchris absolutely a TED speaker! 
2nd and 3rd  http://twitpic.com/2y8lk
"Ah, breakfast is a great meal  now I'm listening to Stephen Fry narrate Harry Potter- bliss"
"@InnaLA_RE Lately, I've been a bad model for what to do on Twitter. Make at least 80% of your post on Twitter @replies. Engage people. "
@bradiewebb VegEtables. You were close 
@socaldavel College buddy here? Please tell me if u decided 2 come. NC is beautiful u know!! 
@gudmundur try to find your master thesis.. or mine 
@bradiewebbstack VEGETABLES. 
@ladykathrine hahah we went past kryal castle on our way home from sovereign hill - so we did the backwards kitten trip lol 
On my way into London to raid Oxford St 
@bradiewebbstack go for the meatloaf with veggies! 4 day old pie sounds nasty :/ plus vegatables are good for you 
"Dear Cristina, you are giving it all away, you psycho bitch! Don't leave! Nice clothes, though. "
"Past few days: live play on casino, agony with online poker, quitting all my business activities, playing, friends, glitter and glamor "
"@muirium thanx ive had this problem for a long time,ill check it out "
it's great wether !! i love the sun and julia my darling yesterday it was so funny *smile* 
I'm back in singapore! This is easily one of the best jb trips i've had in a long time. 
wow i have been twittering the whole time miley was asleep  weird hehe.
Just going into a meeting.... although it was scheduled for 11am 
"@choowie heyyy~~ it's been awhile isn't it.. haha  things are ok over here~ nothing major, how about you? where are you? back in beijing?"
Ok the sweet pepper muffin is not for me.but now it's the blueberry choc chip vs the espresso choc chip  @vidaecaffe
@kimedia Lovely website. Very &quot;Web 2.0&quot;. 
Happy birthday to me! 
@mattimago Indeed.  I can't wait to board.
goin watchin confessions of a shopaholic today... if hannah will answer her phone !! x x 
@janeybelle15 Good thanks. Im in an unusually good mood 2day  hows ur easter holidays so far?
ur welcome buddy u know its a plaisure 
Issue of Echelon?..Are they behind some Botnets also? ..you can watch...http://tinyurl.com/c8dns8  ah..but dont think like that 
"For all you WAH types BBC2 is showing Tron it just started 11am, go and Sky+ it for later to educate the kids "
"@sil Ah, fair enoughski  Internet connections are fast enough these days for me to rely on using FreeNX from anywhere ;)"
"@laenij Ah yes, boredom is hard haha. Take HEAPS of film with you, it'll be awesome! "
Deciding on which new theme to get 
@drjackdr ahahaha yes i know!!! ahahah  Wait a minute pls 
Catching up on 90210 
Tired today - drunk husband to be rolled in at 1am with bunch friends for another drink! Noisy lot 
@garethjrichards can u pls buy some hot chocolate 
Updated my profile style. 
@patphelan Is that stage left ?    http://ff.im/-1XUDY
Grove style baby.  Home from work..  About to watch the new House ep.  Meatloaf!!!! 
@bradiewebbstack vegetables 
@dennislennox I'm starting to think logistics &amp; protocol for @BarackObama are handled by the &quot;gang that can't shoot straight&quot;  #tcot
"I can see the whole of London from where I am now,,,, ah what a view, the thames never looked morte brown "
@xdcd I will 
@tommcfly im so proud of him getting into twilight 
@Gailporter And does she call the fart machine Jason Bradbury? 
@cosimo179 Sounds cool. 
loves the sound of the twittering birds 
"@GretasTardis He thinks we should. Then blow on each others shoes. Also, i changed my mind. I'm looking at a Sony A350 now - Cheaper. "
@misterwallace HARD DRUGS! 
"Alright, time for me to skidaddle. Wish me luck, and flirtatious glances from rugged, or sweet looking gentlemen. "
@jallisoncook my day just got better 
remembering how painful moving sites from server to server is...   meh where's a good robot when you need one 
@dotmariusz sounds like a plan man  Will sure do!
@mehulved hilarious  i hope there are pakodas and samosas involved after a long lunch break
I need boots to wade through all of the sh&amp;t house tracks that were released this week.!  The rare gem makes it all worth while though 
@bradiewebbstack vegetables i think 
@mileycyrus miley!!! i luv this video!! you and mitchelmusso!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7AjedGMd4s&amp;feature=related-!! sooo cute!! 
"Good morning, world!! Hope everyone has an amazing day! "
@joannec__ i will see you this sunday at church?  i luv it how you're so happy each time u come back to hk  i'm going ot newcastle!
Good morning guys  New car is coming
"@mileycyrus Dang, you're up already?! Have a good day!! "
@HARLEMVIXEN Good morning 
Good morning to those along the east coast that are just waking up. Hope you have a fantastic Tuesday 
OMG overwhelmed. said goodnight to my 170 followers at midnight last night and woke up to 204  a BIG THANKS again 2 every1  much luv xxx
is working a 12 in the NICU... can't pass up incentive pay 
@TheGazzMan you will be giving Parkesy a run for his money 700 good stuff 
"@bradiewebbstack vegetables braide, its vegetables. i'll need to buy you a dictionary or something "
I have 2 followers!....TWO!! Thats like....bigger than one ya'know?!? Woah...this is a very proud moment for me! 
@thekelliejane I used to love Quantum Leap! 
"@callmebritish Follow me Ed! Btw, please may I have a hug? "
I always flooter  you know what flooter is? FLOOding on twitTER. Flooter! HAHAHA! And it's fluh-ter and not flooooo-ter.
"@fiqaa face it afiqah, she's never gonna reply. dia sombong. hahha "
just been cleaning up my mac - didn't realize how much junk was on it ! ! will have to onyx it tonight 
Is having antitrust training. Important...  But so exciting... 
"Slipped and smoked a tab over the weekend, not bad mind you 2 weeks of basically none "
Plus it will be cool to see Paramore live. I gotta represent for my Tennessee bands! That's where I grew up. 
http://twitpic.com/2y8m9 - like my hair ? 
@ginoboi see you! 
The best part about closing..is taking a spoonful of ice cream and eating it!! SOO refreshing. And makes it all worth it 
@xLakeEffectKid Definitely true. And you can't forget the Guitar Hero rip off thing with FOB songs. 
"@mileycyrus Ah, that problem is a familiar one - try wash your face in cold water! "
"@caseycharlton hmm, not quite sure how I interpret that one. Are you saying MEF is evil? "
@alicayaba you have to make kwento though! cause i heard something ) haha see you soon!  BORA BORA BORA! 
"@aussie_ali yeah, feeling better tonight... doing some work in between twittering and writing "
@Landailyn Thank you and good morning  I'm lying in the sofa now taking it easy today!
@EricsTXGal Good mornin' Kim  Nothin' too bad happened tonight. Luckily.
Getting the new update for iTunes 
@AigburthArmsdo great ill bring some friends along as well lol 
I don't know wtf I am supposed to do on here 
@BeckaBella Thanks. And what are you doing up this late?  http://twitter.com/BeckaBella/status/1468589659
cop this !    ....day off tomorrow 
Layin in bed awake....feeling my little friend wiggle round...waiting to meet him... 
@zeddessarts always the way 
@reemerband eeee  29 days til yorkkkk ! + 42 days til stoke. i think haha  eee xx
"@sazmatazz Yep that sounds like a plan, that! Don't worry I'm sure I'll cope somehow! "
off to town  how fun!
@jonathanhaslett Espresso looks cute  http://is.gd/2OAj
Say hello to everybody 
@StaciJShelton You too 
&quot;We don't want magic - we want consistency&quot; - experiencing a new kind of customer 
"http://twitpic.com/2y8on - Yesterday an easy 40k ride after work, with a good friend of mine!...losing some weight finally "
"@poppy_dog of course, its http://www.uniteddogs.com and u can choose language. i'm in the spanish site "
"@Immiee imooo, ill be over at like 12-1 to get my stooof if thats ok  see you in a bizzle xxxxxxx"
i hear birds chirping 
"@landonjumpoff  i work wed, thurs, friday and i think sunday. "
@vindiekins wow! Brilliant! Thanks 
"No mixer I'm afraid, but We're looking at alternatives for the sound this week "
@mileycyrus have a good day! 
morning twit twit  @AthensVoice morning (my) spring roller  @sandy_O @AthensVoice Morning (my) Voice..
@ChristineHitt workin on a speech? the one thing i've taught myself is that knowing wat 2 say is great but being yourself is wat sells it 
"Done River Quest, Mystery Castle und Geister Rickshaw. On queue for Colorado Adventure: The Michael Jackson Thrill Ride Heeeeheeeee! now "
"@ingorammer well it is definitelly worth trying, you'll notice the difference. But it's not my favorite neither "
just had an AMAZING Greek feast homecooked..thanks sipple  xoxo
@AngMoGirl Good luck! 
it's a beautiful and sunny day.. spring cleaning 
@Tatty wow! you are getting prettier everyday  hehe
watch cartoon huahahaha 
son tells me that mars bars are ridiculously unhealthy 
@Rosaapril Say thank you. 
Good morning peoples 
@jashiu you forgot to add weekday mornings  #song #video
I planned you would be late it's okey. Watching t.v @ricandhislife 
@Stew I forwarded the link directly to our IT 
"I swear if you're in any more of my dreams, I'm gonna dieee. "
@venzann But SSIS is like an old friend and I hate regex's 
@NashPCH ah ok.  happy to helps 
"@nessie111 yes they open at eleven hun,  thank god hehe ;) xxx"
@ferretprincess Sounds interesting!  Look forward to the releases.  Thanks for that 
it's a breautiful day  chilling out listening to red dragon fm
"@SinkOrSwim76 Yes, yes I mind a lot.  :-P  (Of course not!) I used GIMP. Found a suitable wookie pic, a DD pic, and played for 10 mins.  "
"Hello! Muy Buenos dias a todos, tempranito in the morning  gettin' ready pa arranca pa Santiago y Pto. Plata. have a nice day TWEETS!"
@Rosaapril back at ya gorgeous. 
@eatlikeagirl must be your lovely tomato pic! 
Welcome to my new twitter-buddies... delighted to see y'all joining this crazy gig!  Had my second chardy and checking new followers 
also welcoming new followers! Don't be strangers 
@Lavanyaj Kozhi is a nick for a very good friend of mine from college...  he's workin in bombay... in chennai for a week...
licking my teeth  productive aye?
@Tinu Thanks Tinu for the #followfriday recommendation! 
"@zoeelouise Thanks! Lol! Seriously, I was just messing about on the internet all night cuz I just couldn't sleep! Insane. "
is still wide awake 
@officiallemar You were amazing!! Saw u in Portsmouth on Sunday.. central front row too  sad times some1 stole my purse..the gits! :'( xxx
@adamcheasley But thanks anyways 
@AdamRPhoto oh brilliant... another channel of yours where i can find out about graze discounts 
I'm looking for the follower no 180 for http://blog.chobots.com ! 
@lilrongal &amp; @s0niele - yay I'm not the only adult who wants to watch the HM movie 
@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/2cbpl - So cute  What's his/her name?
Just finished Killzone 2 - very satisfying 
FTW = From The Wild ? 
@Eminem nicenice !!  would be awsome if u just write hello or shut up to me ! 
Scrubs did cheer me up 
@AdisaEkua Awww! U have my pic up! That makes me smile. 
@heidimontag i love your music! keep up the amazing work. i want your album now ! ! one more drink is my fav song so far 
"@Rogue_Leader Hmmm, i also have issues with our cricket team - arrogant bunch, and don't get me started on W(r)icky  http://ff.im/-1Y7c8"
"@markcrosby yup, minstrels I believe claimed that "
is wake and excited 
@randomus_r @aceofsabres @RuthGarrity cheers 
"OK, I've now recovered from a mental sesh on Sunday... NEVER again! Need to start concentrating on business and start making me millions "
LIstening to Eminem's new song WE MADE YOU 
@IncomeDiscovery Thanks for the retweet! 
"Helping a friend on a IDP system and learning it, myself "
@Ezsther gefeliciteerd! 
"@aussie_ali oh yeah, it just about doubled this week.. I did it though! Am now writing for http://connect2mums.ning.com/ "
"@r2r0 Amen, brotha. Take it easy dude and don't use any device which has an ip-address. "
skateboarder snowboarder breakdancer surfer NASA person               then ill be famous
@ekirsopp thanking you 
Designing a promotional pieces for an 80/90s old school music night... just finished my youtube inspiration playlist...  brilliance...
@LittlePearls did you mean the forget-me-not skirt? I saw that too! Very tempted... 
"Children are like sponges, they soak up all the love you give but with just one squeeze you get it all back  xx."
Helloo !! How are we? 
"@erikvb no fluke, was down for over 5 mins but is back now and responding fast "
Great weather and my snowboard is waiting for me outside  I'm off to the slopes.  Have a great day everyone! 
@Topify lol copy and paste 
@ArifHanafiah Welcome polka dotty!!!  heee... (loves)
"...on my 1st cup of coffee, good to be alive "
@HorrorHaven Good morning to you 
@tonirebekah hahah im great toniiiii 
@mileycyrus wow that's weird. Its only 8pm here in Australia. you should come here soon  we're ahead in time 
@mileycyrus Good morning Miley! I hope you have a great day 
Playing the guitar...hallelujah 
@barrysnedden I presume you got enough reminders 'bout that appointment  
@bkenny congratulations!! champers at lunch!! 
@Mumsontop it is with penguin. you want to review it? 
@mileycyrus good morning Miley 
@ rustyrockets what special treat is in store for all us hammersmith people who found out wen we got to the hammersmith on 13/02?! 
actully braces seem to be unpainful xD there just painful the first days but then you'll get used to them 
Love how my sister thinks she's Miley Cyrus or Taylor Swift 
Finished my first shift and doors are opening already! 
"@briankelly - Count me in. Oh, you already did. "
@CHouttave requests? 
@billgates Ultimate of couse 
Cock Rings Galore http://www.sexyfun.co.uk/blog/cock-rings-galore/ just did a new post on SexyFun.co.uk blog 
@xfmrich Thanks mate. That was WELL SEXY!  XXX
@minimynimoo sounds all too familiar 
"@jelenasays yep  est website ever, i watched all of supernatural season 3 yesterday x] are you going to FOH on the 17th?"
@rebekaahh they taste like hurting 
finished cooking my first own cook meal  haha ..achievement 
Cock Shot http://tr.im/imUt super funny 
Nothing quite like finding good amp settings from a solid state amp 
eating my sisters biscuits  LOL
@therajman haha! nice find. 
@mileycyrus Why did you wake up at 3 am??  
@peterschloss I'm afraid you're not the target group 
"And no, Tuesday's not over yet - not by a long-shot! Have a good evening ahead "
Just booked 2 weeks in Zante!  Yay! 
@seanpaull good morning  umm maybe it's still fidely but i like it atm
@imogenheap I'm so excited for the new album! and btw...today is my birthday! Yay 25!  Cheers!
@meli_beli I know! those were the good old days! .. we should all have a spoons reunion! haha 
@yiiee it was a hot one at the desk for me too 
visitin some buddies 
@The_Roo lalalala i miss you 
@BeccaLorna @xcatrinx heyy you know those paintings of mcr you've done and the dougie one what are they called? haha 
@smiley1210 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr1ToH5Zr0o  thank you very much!!!
im still use this eve! you not alone!  x
@redalexred i should hope not 
"@duskyazure Cool, see its all coming together for you. It'll be over before you know it. "
@steph_WPD hello  what does WPD stand for... may I ask? xox
@JustEatBE mailen 
"Going to a health inspection tomorrow. Employer wants to know if I'm fit for the job. I've been working here for, what, 4 months? Ha ha. "
@sophiestication Fairly similar to my setup; 24&quot; iMac is a great machine. You missed out on the &quot;pic of my desk&quot; meme a while back. 
@yellowdoglove 
10 days til new Pushing Daisies 
@karynromeis I agree totally- Good session. Liked your point on corporate trainers knowing &amp;understanding learning &amp; therefore commented 
@bradiewebbstack ;o not the jelly beans! my all time favourite. Share? 
dunno wat made her share her past with her colleague but glad she did... 
Got work experience at radio 1 thanks to @sra and ben cooper 
@ihealth many thanks for the mention of Podcasters Emporium 
"@eveforhermcr_xx Hahaha that's so sad, poor mom! Have you seen Coraline? Ahh I really want to meet Lyn-Z she's great "
"@sbtourist Hehe, I was going to say yesterday that twitter should have used erlang instead of scala. I will say it now instead. "
@tommcfly it's the best one 
starting to wonder if you guys with jobs prioritize tweeting over work 
@berryanarchy Thanks so much! 
doesnt like too expensive premium content 
@LadyErlynne aren't you older than me? 
@CapeTown ...and Cape Town station... 
i got the twilight 2-disc special edition yesturday woooooooo!  ROFL.
ooh more followers 
"Just got home, I got new creative headphone ! "
"@Stewie_Griffin_ I too, like to flirt.  I have been distracted! I apologize for not tweeting daily. &lt;3"
"@inkgypsy I was referring to tweetdeck, I was thinking of trying it, let me know what you think "
@hunteremily NO :O inform me more of these jelly beans  please
@mullahadi r u in love with a co-worker? 
@bethanie which is distracting me from getting engrossed in more Babylon 5 (and dreaming for a model of the station itself) 
GOING OUT TO DINNER WITH MY BEST FRIEND  why wont my myspace work?
All my siblings loved my cookies! I'm so glad. Even my picky mom and my old man liked them! 
@venustweets hello.. where've you been? Tweeting somewhere else? 
Everyone Has Got Subbed By Someone Good! Laura=Billie Amber=Louise Neesey=Me 
@LisaGoldfish or just join aquarena  then we can go classes together!
"@james_a_hart oops, sorry @dsussman, you're great, it's @davesussman that's a waster "
@horrorhannah Very similar then. I did Broadcast and Multimedia Tech. I specialised in playing on the internet and not going to lectures. 
"@dharmacharya nice to see you again my friend, I've got some extra time again and I WILL do the review for your books "
@RyanSeacrest what is her favorite color 
"@andrewmaier thanks for your Webjam review, it's appreciated a lot! "
@bradiewebbstack do you like lollipops? because i think i will get you a giant lollipop at sway sway tour 
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnbmM_i5KEA video of the fountian, this video i made my self. "
@gbazz I used to love watching that  I even ate Nutri-Grain for a while but nothing happened 
Last night was great want to go again 
U may need 2adjust the volume on the video player window. I just did &amp; now I got sound  Re: @LeGonz: @jroq Chikos! Wish there was sound.
@cindyscottday That's the other side of Rochester. We won't get that much on my side of the city.  We're East of Rochester.
feels like eating cookies and cream ice cream on a cold night like tonight 
"time to start my day! away to have breakfast + get ready + then get the train, see ya! "
@susanhutchinson Oh...and I live in MN...but I am from MI.  Upper part...not even part of the hand. 
One Tree Hill 
@bradiewebbstack hahaa yay lets party 
"@therealdemi aww, that's so cute.  You know at first I thought I wasn't talking to the real Demi, cause many girls pretend, now I know "
i have found a method to do 50 things at the same time 
@Midgley  acting stuff ? re : Jenni- now I understand 
Is excited for New York in 23weeks  YAY!
"He said the way my blue eyes shine, put those georgia stars to shame at night.. ok my eyes are green. but whatevre "
@Prokofy The comment your blog would not allow - http://pastebin.ca/1384785 - Do tell me if i'm banned 
"totally tired. a great feeling that today's gonna be amazing. with lot of laugh  luv u, yay ?"
@jonathanhaslett THANKS! 
"Just had an awesome day surfing, relaxing, eating good food with my lovely lady liz. Now dinner and movie  one of the best days ever."
Ok yeah I like the new black eyed peas song 
Ooouuhh... Good morning! Wie warm es heute ist! 
listening to mcfly  cant wait for the bloody holidays!
@normkalin ag no man go away! or send sum over..... 
@Amaninazaini  why hello thar.
"@dancermegz Helloooo Megan,, Hope your having a good easter  xoxo"
@dianecb did it work out now?else you could try the 100% workable solution by buying it directly at o2 shops... 
@iCoopers You tease  But thank you 
@DianeSunnyCoast Sure was Guy was pretty good too wasnt he 
@Yiao - Feel free to mail the plans  Might help me shorten my document :-P
@dougiemcfly HEEEY wat are ur dogs called?? how many ya got???    
@escribitionist I am very surprised b/c i heard it from my senior who is not use twitter. 
Lets clean our air  http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/kamal_meattle_on_how_to_grow_your_own_fresh_air.html (via @addthis)
@bebiv good morning 
@andyclemmensen oh my lordy do i envy you 
Cleaning up my room before going to watch Twilight in the cinema one last time...ok I'll watch Everybody Loves Raymond first 
"doom doom doom doom, I want  you here in gloom. Lets get depressed together, I wanna cry forever...   Vengadoomchicks! "
"sorting out my bag for beccas, getting the 10 to 12 bus "
@beckiowen goooon satans tonight?? lostprophets are playing reading 
Every day is another day for you to start over...Good Morning 
reli bord just chliin wiv me cuzins lol   MSN too !
@MissNixs lol - good luck ... keeping my fingers crossed for you that you did! 
im on 46 followers 
@kadence987 Kade!! ur my fav radio host!! keep doin what ur doin!! ur the coolest dude!! 
"The Downtown Fiction Live Chat= Amazingness  They Are Abs. Amazing and My Life, I Love Cameron David and Eric &lt;3"
"Inot sure,but think possibly may want the new eeepc 9&quot; if it comes with a touch screen, but I don't like pointer thingys (tech term that "
will go out.  http://plurk.com/p/n13ou
"@childsi  thanks, hope your meeting goes well "
"@DrChristopher  Nope ...no other way at all, once realized your world isn't just an oyster....its a dozen done the way you like ...lol "
@julesRGB Nice! Got your postcard this morning too! 
@TdMPhotography After winning the #galvinstwitpic comp yesterday I'm going to enter this one for sure 
@mikeewth gaahaha (: around my house. My neighbors are nederlands and from germany and america! All bbules. She met a new &quot;guy&quot; dog 
You must live in or near Leeds and be willing to help out if required but it's not expected. Message me with why I should choose you 
@belladonna20 morning you *slurps coffee* 
"Hey everyone, go follow @woodwindguy24 because he is a pretty cool guy "
I seem to have developed a weird non itchy rash........just call me &quot;blotchy&quot;  
@cheesecakex heyy I was listening to the beatles too 
good workout...now getting ready for work! aother long day  enjoy everyone!!
"@Matthew_Day I put the hours in just couldn't get my weight down enough, they wanted me at 7 stone! House chores today! "
I am having lunch at a fast food place today  yay...then boring afternoon :/
"@Jeroen_R Thank you, sir! "
"Selling DILDO in a box: Ok so backup only was not enough for you pussys, HERE, have some credit cards too  You.. http://tinyurl.com/ca2ecn"
@maadonna I've found writing is easier when just vaguely tipsy 
Good morning 
"@ Airport in Frankfurt... love the weather, love the planes  I'm a Freak^^"
"I like penis: Ok so backup only was not enough for you pussys, HERE, have some credit cards too  You know, it'.. http://tinyurl.com/d356b3"
"@mileycyrus how much time did you sleep? how are you? have a nice day, miley  xx"
"dont forget to pick up three cd's today! Emerson Drive, Rascal Flatts and Jason Aldean "
@Joel_Wigley only if they are chocolate ones 
@rustyrockets Russ How you feeling today? Loved? 
@caseycharlton thanks! I am on my guard 
"@KatiePorrello, i think i burned out on harry potter, but you never know.  "
@tommcfly Eclipse is awesome  *-*
"@cadelofficial http://twitpic.com/2y7pl - Yuck, lovely in Canberra   Good luck today."
@bradiewebbstack thank jodie for your newfound amazing spelling 
@TreoBenny So ur not a mac fan like @Renato71 
is getting used to this twitter stuff 
Update to the free Easter Baskets in Chicago: http://is.gd/raOd This is an awesome idea 
"just got myself an iphone  will transfer provider in 10 days, so no fun till then"
@SexyWhispers Yes.  http://twitter.com/SexyWhispers/status/1468183212
@ddbenson you're getting some serious airtime here at the #cloudforce conference. How's your headset? 
@tommcfly oh dear  why can't i be in england :'( i'm 'stuck' in australia.
@javashri My company is on firing spree. If I get lessons from the Indian Govt. I am sure I will be fired. 
@gee_lo is it paid? i was made redundant two weeks ago and need a job big time. 
"@indica Stop checking Ranil out  Sick, wanted to be there. Say hello to Sanjaya for me."
@psychemedia re:invisible support-been thinking similar for UoP-key thing to make it worthwhile/work is critical mass in 1 place though 
Watching the steam trains go back and forth in Ravenglass - sunny! 
"@Zewdy nothings new sweets, just exams. ugh.but in the next month, new hairdo and Beyonce's concert  eek im so excited. anchis my dear? "
@susanstn I will write a blog post about it today 
@cathyjh the moss wall  (i want one) and the black board. hehehe i would like to say i drew the shark but i didnt. *evil laugh*
"Rascal Flatts - Unstoppable!  BUY IT TODAY! Buy 1, or 2, or maybe even 10! You'll love it, I promise  &lt;3"
@Rockout2night  Hola Scott! Saw you'd like to learn Spanish! Lets us help by teaching you a word a day 
Can't wait for the Star Wars marathon now! I have the best friends EVER 
@sigurdmagnusson but gastropubs do such good food 
"Good morning  And to think I was  worried about another 30th birthday, nah, its a cinch xx"
One kick ass night. A lot of fun. Time to knock out. 
@dww84 oh - am I overloading?? lol ... sorry .... am liking what ppl have to say tonight  How's you?
@JoeMcIntyre welcome on board  have fun tweeting :o) ? http://blip.fm/~3xbq1
I think a new rule will be applied on journalist around the world. Attend events with bear feet only 
"@Whatleydude Glad you like it, looking forward to your one. "
@ColinBowen I thought you were going to sleep ?! 
I'm now a fan of David Archuleta. I regret not watching American Idol Season 7. Oh well... 
"@MarisRelins vai tieï¿½?m long tale, nevis long tail? "
@DavidWaldock Correct! I'll buy you some drinks on Friday 
@oconel Okay but tired - got home late from a fun dinner  Going outside in a bit to go shop and hopefully wake up some more... How's you??
@NickWilson have you seen this list of Science places? http://bit.ly/slscience link there to SLHealthy wiki as well 
...you got to love the Gispy Kings... 
"@HelenOster No no. I'm not ordering anything from Adorama, the Adorama I was talking about was a photo print shop in my city "
God is a JD with a splash of cola and plenty of ice 
Battlefield Heroes is just awesome! 
@Nictos Can I see your photos of cherry blossoms? 
"today I've got b-day  yay I wish, that some celebrities wish me happy b-day xP haa xD it'll never happen ... [yep I say it again ]"
@georginaaaaahxo ermmmm.. hi  todayy you clearly need to speak to meee i see the statussss booob 
"going to school, then working out, calendario for italiano, then uconn gamee  good luckk girliiies !"
@xCarCrashHearts on friday till monday so plan to do alot of relaxing on the beach 
"11 Dayyzzzz Mannn Ishh Emotiinaall Phahaha  ,,, Yesterdayy Was Jokezz We Made Bre Friendzz Phahaha Lyy Jennifer Bffl  x"
"@cti97 hei, merci mult. works "
"@presentday congratulations, well deserved "
is glad my work haven't cottoned on to this yet and banned it!  i hope i haven't spoken too soon!!!!
Finally awake 
yes i am  ? http://blip.fm/~3xbqe
Finally get 'THE HAIR' thing...if you know what i mean 
"Cleaned the fridge, now need to cover the shelves. "
Mmm I need coffee 
"@CoupD_Etat I'll go and listen to it later, then. If you love it so much. "
sign out muna me (bye) gutom eh!  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/n13y7
are all ready to meet Rowan + Caitlin for our picnic 
@DaMaHug oh yum!!!!!!!!!!!!!     I like your day... 
@gblock I try to avoid going through msn.com as much as possible .. live.com is much nicer 
Up to my neck in coding the server systems today and will be all week. Lunch at Alfie + Bella's required to ensure max productivity 
"@gayadesign yeah i could, so far work haven't really been interested in getting one though. Will have to keep moaning! "
Has finally caught up on his sleep  -now I'm all refreshed and geared up for wrecking it again! xD
BACK FRM STUDIO!!! HAD SO MUCH FUNNN  WOO HOO
@nick_carter hahaha you're talking like you're some old man! And we still want to see a picture of that new haircut! 
Hurray! Gf passed her driving test today 
I am back from the gym! 
Love this website http://dontforgetyourtoothbrush.com/ checkin I'm sorted for my hols - 'Check automtic watring system in greenhse' CHECK 
neew on twitter; meeting new people 
@lizzie623 hahaha! You're pure filth you are! 
im still trying to figure out this twitter thing. wish me luck. 
is about to enjoy another German beer... and his 5th ice cream sundae in 5 days 
"@stevewhitaker - My, aren't we chipper this morning!  "
i &lt;3 the gilmore girls themesong. 
im off to shop  will tweet to y'all later x x
"@crazykaren yeah  love the caramellow ones!!! only two more days intil easter break .... im so excited, the stress of school left behind!"
Thanks to my new followers! 
@michaelmagical Are you a jockey? 
@aplusk i'm not well just wanna say hi!!!! 
@mileycyrus goodmorning Miley  for you its morning and for me its my bedtime  have a good day! xO
will go back to that working thing soon  before anyone here notices. till tweet
has now one thousand #Speed-Dating fans in its database. Yeesss.. 
@ramdomthoughts snatchwars... tears rolling down face... 
"@martellhomes weather is never boring in Canada, eh? "
Minus the flu...im a happy wee chappy 
@doriens thankyou  have a good lunch x
@porphyriac http://twitpic.com/2xxxu - Just what u want to be greeted by 
"Morning Question: Next WoW Expansion.. Maelstrom or Emerald Dream? I am also indeed a lore nerd, so I look forward to why you think so. "
http://twitpic.com/2y8z8 - Sophia (me) at my mums flat in LA  like.. 11 months ago
@annetsmith 
Omg Tap Tap Revenge for Coldplay ? Why oh Why ain't it for free? At least I got a free sample track ? 
@willswain the talk of potty training must be helping to de-stress you 
"@justineyyy because when he's pissed, he's not going to pretend he isn't.  so go, yoochun! wooot! lol."
On my way into doncaster with a friend for a game of pool good times 
@jasmineemily Glad you like  Please leave feedback for me on my website when you can  xx
@joolsayodeji at least you in spain with yer browser problems 
@Lavanyaj sure.. i will extend your love to kozhi... 
Important work done and email sent! #gotthingsdone 
@redsheep maybe you shouldn't be twittering it then...hehe..just rant to the person next to you.. 
@Eviestar : That's cool.. if you could input commets on the forum..It would be nice 
Downloading the 22nd episode of Heroes  (Season 3) 
"just woken up, my birthday tommorow  x"
looks like its going to rain 
Having a lovely morning out in Nantwich 
@SciFiScoop The Riverworld books were great ... should be interesting 
"@nicco876 you learn well nick, just agree "
Theo grade out FINALLY = didn't know a 3.5 was possible 
bought yum fresh produce from the market to make yum dishes for dinner tonight 
"@barleduc if you're in Soho swing by Lex St, we have LOADS of cookies for charity!    Well done on the run too"
"@gjarnling Man, how are you? Haven't seen you for a while "
"@chriseaton The high council has reached a verdict, you are &quot; Guilty&quot;! "
is about to go shopping for ingredients making chocolate fondant with vanilla ice-cream 
Henley today 
is going to go shopping 
@Tsarnick Hahaha you're such a pansy 
@rdaniels thx! already got a pic for folks back at the office to laugh at 
@Rosaapril and now I'm speechless 
@xerynx thats awsome  you might know jay awada
#365Songs All caught up with my 365Songs... 
"as details slowly emerge, it seems the HU gvt did not understand what it was saying "
@michaelmknight Will have to sort you a new mug for then 
is currently writing his World Geography on the influence of Maori tattoos in America. 
camee back to youtubee. 
@thelovingkind ur welcome  . nb i really is miss at the #1 place: filthy rich ! ( http://is.gd/nEKy )
@nat_ski how bout  some Steppenwolf - Magic Carpet Ride? 
@jfpoilpret actually i didn't ! i have a great name now if i ever want to open a massage parlor  (no i won't be the one *massaging*)
"@aloria  I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but statistics indicate everyone will have one before they die. Something 2 look forward 2. "
"@davidbaillie Dont worry, your secret is safe with me "
YAY Everything is back 
@steamsmyclams Yay! I've been thinking about getting a puppy or another cat  What breed are you looking at?
Tweeting from an iPhone 
@Timen dont know. nice picture by the way 
@XxXxLeahxXxX  well thankyou mam 
"@dkernohan  didn't REALLY think JISC had recommended it, doubt @helenbeetham did.. was ripping the &quot;open source everything&quot; trend- badly!"
Is looking forward to an enjoyable evening 
"Another night done. Tweet with you all tomorrow. Um, today "
@aplusk no income tax? I'll be there in a sec! 
Wishing everyone would keep it simple! Makes life more fun people. Start your day with a smile 
got a bunny face shaped egg  &amp; some pickled ginger in my salad today  aww
"Tuesday again, I love Tuesday. Gymnastics &amp; swimming tonight "
"@LostInTangent Sure.  I need to do some cleanup with the Hiro source code, and I'll post the results on my blog within 24 hours"
woke up xtra early thinkinq i was about to miss the maqic school bus...wtf lol ; boutta watch some tv 
@petespencer I subscribe to both Sirius *and* XM 
@nellierogers  My advice would be not to get hung up on rankings - but to look at organic search visitors as the target 
Adventureland is a great movie  its better than I though !
"JOIN THE NEXT GENERATION WEB @ TrendONE OuterNET ThinkTank, April 16th  http://blog.trendone.de/?p=352"
"@elianarod Yeah, around hour 5 or 6, I had started to feel crazy.  http://twitter.com/elianarod/status/1468122665"
enjoying the sun ony my balcony 
"I'VE GOT A (quite) TIDY ROOM!  yeah man. what's next? JO JO JO WHILEY, me thinks."
@karlee16 :o dont be silly gosh 
every office should have a linebacker  http://tinyurl.com/cl4ke2
@Davidptdf Omg David The Chat Was Amazing Last Night  I Hope To See You Very Soon ! Love and Miss You Guys  Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
3days till my birthday!! 
"@StaciJShelton Staci, nonono! That would be too smart world - no place for small stupid things "
"@GeoffreyB50 yes, use curly and not square -- but curly don't work in the blog post. Joomla tries to render them "
"At home, enjoying my easter holiday "
@maadonna LOL well I've also had a scotch so don't trust what I say a monitor should look like 
"the sun is in the sky &amp; it is gonna be a glorious day...  birthdaaay, off to go to the pool in a bit "
@FanJenniTastic i do miss  Bobalicious 
"oh goodness Honey, I just saw  alive what you wrote... Then I must be the hottest woman alive!!!!! oh and I Love You too! "
"@selenagomez Selena, you're awesome! :] I can't wait to hear your first CD! "
@3rdbrain @imhassan well I won't mind to tweet once or twice each paper day 
Great concert last night  http://tumblr.com/xwk1jtwb4
"@monkeyarmada But women and wine, right?  #scriptfrenzy"
@Chyna_Doll focus lights onto a stage set 
"GM, Segway To Unveil New Two-Wheeled Urban Vehicle - http://tinyurl.com/cbqzjj (luks like BMC dustbin with wheels)  "
has finished Spanish for good! 
is proud to be a member of the Hulk Hogan fan club!! 
@bradiewebbstack haha. when yous planning on coming to perth next? dont tell shaun and andy...but your my favourite   xx
Im' now a twitter girl  &lt;3
"@Pharaohciously haha, especially when it has loads of cheese.. "
@Mumsontop can you email me your postal address and I'll get the publicist to post one out toyou 
Will do at least one 32px icon a day and release them all in a big pack at the end. First is my avvie 
@skashliwal Thank You!   #quote #gratitude #quote
just woke up and having a munch on some toast! 
"@lowster Oh, I say! Don't we look fab! Can you rotate the pic and re-upload, or is it only on its side for me? Beautiful "
@shannanstedman haha maxxie beat whippet 
"@welnis fun fun fun  stress is normal, thats why they meet..."
"@susanhutchinson The other thing is the accent in MN is very much like Upper MI...Ya, you betcha! "
@suzosusan Yes coffee is important 
@theanand  I would react in the same way if I were you!
looking4 people 
"@robertpohl wanna see it, wanna see it "
@Dana_Willhoit So what do you Floridians call &quot;Nippy&quot;?  It's 26 here in Rio WI. That's nippy here. LOL.
@bradiewebbstack oo jelly beans you say?  i LOVE jelly beans! especially the black ones  they are my faveeee  just like youuuuu! 
@heykim  - Will see you once again at 2am!  
@mileycyrus my tummy hurts too and im falling asleep but for once it isnt raining in england lol hey by the way haha .. 
@ABIBAN do one of you &amp; your most favourite book.  eating galaxy is optional 
"@CubanaLAF Really I would have never known that, Thanks...LOL "
is dancing  hows the twitter wold to day?
just finished watching awhole lot of robs fantasy factory...night and have a pleasant morning/day! 
"@martinkonzett @flosturm @stefanasseg @martintom success: schikaneder totally the movie &amp; the project, wants to show the movie "
tap tap coldplay is cool 
@lilipip That's closing the stable door after the horse has bolted...very funny tho' 
is going out of Skeg tonight yaay 
@kinso I'm a writer/ presenter and author 
@RebeccaLange I've missed you too!  http://twitter.com/RebeccaLange/status/1468051190
@suesshirtshop It's mid Autumn here. Feels like winter though  So cooooold!
"New Post, Comments?: Thanks Everyone! Correction: Kate has 42 Facebook friends, not 41  http://tinyurl.com/d5vgv9"
"More and more tweeties are flying in to my little Tweet tree. Welcome, friends! Find yourself a little branch to perch on and tweet away! "
@Enteralterego it gets better as you get more friends on here  hope your ok
@Ericossie G'morning back  I go later to my &quot;Fruit&quot; Dealer and buy fresh RAM ;)
Yaaaaay. Jac is training my sorcerer to level 35. That means I'll be pwn soon. 
My RWH copy just arrived!  -- Better late than never.
winter is returned in toronto ... high today only 0 
@brand_nu They are amazing artists... Ive seen them live a couple of times...  itunes here I come 
"@davidsanger Thank YOU for helpful, eye-opening comments on SATW Exchange. "
"@mileycyrus  no worry, at least you enjoy what u do,  not like me doing something which I hate "
@iainbest apple store is down for an update... you gotta be kidding me... 
"@merihn I haven't seen any of it, no. I never knew what it was, til the ads for it on SciFi. It looks pretty awesome "
@ASOS_Julia Great idea... let us know when you get it done  x
"hmmm yesterday i committed to running with the bulls in pamplona.....on the web, them bulls are looking awful big...nervous already "
@kellysays mine too lol 
@Moder101 did you gets lots of yummy stuff? please say yes 
@jaright and good morning btw 
@vicky31mom we're gonna talk about that during his next forecast - around 6:43 
back to good old spaz 
@ewaninbelfast Morning! Enjoy yoiur day off 
watching last night's episosde of 90210 before going hospital to see my daddio. fingers crossed he'll be home today 
is back in telefonica  I think I brought the rain back with me!!
Chilling with the posse. Having a cheeky beverage. It's good to own land.  so
@miss_biddy you should get on well with badgers then 
@lilyrosedesigns It's going to be a mix of the ones you sent   Just putting together list of the people we want different ones sending to
2009 shaping up to be an amazing year already.  http://bit.ly/2xbCLZ
is happy her portable is back in business 
"Ohhhh yeaahh....MUCH better!  The day has officially begun (for me, anyway)!  "
#cloudforce: big fan of the content library. My baby 
"@tsarnick yeah i heard from our PR, fuck that bitch FParis her army is no match of the Awesomeness of our army and me lol "
Hahaha. Commercï¿½al Breakdown was funny 
"I don't know why, I just randomly decided I wanted ellen water: it tastes funny .        Or so they say "
Almost done with Rant. Beautiful book. You guys should read it 
@KarenTweet I can't talk about it yet.  http://twitter.com/KarenTweet/status/1468042230
"Followers up to 91, soon be over 100 "
"Got my invite to the Bumptop Beta Trial - having fun bumping things around  Looks useful and messy, just the way I like it!"
has just had a shower and its feeling good 
@virtual4now Awesome 
@siwhitehouse Ah! Sorry 
"Add us ,  www.youtube.com/LiannenJessicaa There Boarding right know but they get better believe me  , ADD USSS !!!!"
up all night. just became addicted to wtcc's YouTube videos 
"Dude, THIS is the Segway you need  http://is.gd/r8X0 @jubjuber @pandastick"
"@twitchhiker Watching u on This Morning, really amazing what u did "
@histapleface haha sup? 
Just getting ready to head off to work.  Had a great day yesterday and feel I've made a great decision.    Have a great day everyone!
Had the best night in Letterfrack!;) lol suffering now tho  thank goodness richard's makin pancakes!!! Onto Galway city later  x
trying twitter for the first time 
Concert in the Web ! ! ! LIVE  ... Martin Jondo Konzert Live stream! 07.4.2009 - at 9 pm @ http://www.reggaenews.de Jeeehhhaaaaa ! NICE 
"@rahnocerous tired. yr 12 is killing me, albeit slowly. 2 days left and im on 2 week break though "
Getting started on a new campaign today. Mike you better not be all hype.Send me that eBook tonight ! 
@hayl3s silly sock 
@steve5424 i noticed that  im ok what u been up to then?
@kattas Congrats on getting into OISE (did a Twitter search for OISE for fun) 
cute... I'm not in a maudlin mood despite how it may appear!  ? http://blip.fm/~3xbxz
Today's audio option: Listen to inspiration for Jim Harold's Campfire - http://jimharold.com/?p=1069. In MKE? Don't forget tweet us too. 
Another power day. On my way home 
"@LittleFletcher Ohh! It's brilliant. Odd, but still amazing! His performance is great. I really hope you like it "
@Rosaapril Bless ya for it. Totally untrue but I luv ya lots for the thought. 
@i0n re:twitter outage. nostalgia perhaps? 
@CaptainCrayolaa What color? 
#IgniteCardiff is on fire. Hot stuff! 
"@littlefurybug uhuh sure, excuses excuses! you blatantly just spaaced it out to make it look like you had some work to do "
"@ohsnapandrew Goodmorning lovely, how's texas?   I've missed speaking to you! How's your music going?  "
@Mr603: Ramada Renaissance Hotel opposite Harvey Nicholls (Deansgate/Blackfriars Street) should be up there. 
"The joy of cycling to work. This morning was fantastic, and I got to cycle in the sun "
"Ah, so nice to see that my avatar and background page has been returned to me. Something to be said for ignoring problems after all. "
@Colobrad : well MBA is not the correct spelling for common sense. U know they outlawed Obama chia pets  funny funny
"@LadyParadis Just make them yourself then......harder with sausages, but burgers are easy "
Yay! public twitter for my blog 
@bradiewebbstack oh bradie. your so special 
schoool holidayss  shopping 3 days in a row! gotta love itt.
waiting for my mum to come home  so i can hopefuly go out today.
"I think this is correct: Global 13, Bauer 13, Absolute 10, Prison Radio 4, UTV 2, GMG 1  "
"@Daradus Just seen your post to Dan,- congratulations on getting there pal! My turn soon "
@mileycyrus gOgH milEey yOou kEen dO iT!! wiCKck Up 
@Koolstr Glad you enjoyed it 
is happy to have found her &quot;ben fire&quot; on twitter 
@MissxMarisa which MSI show? i'm seeing them in brisbane on 12 april 
"@turnitgrey /continued so my internet got taken off me, im at my cousins house twittering  i wants a reply from braaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadie."
@Uncle_Fista I could always go through it with you man 
"@30secondstomars http://twitpic.com/2xfyp - awwwwwwww, cool!!!!!!!!!!!! no comments "
@bradiewebbstack do you like lollipops? because i think i will get you a giant lollipop at sway sway tour 
First batch of easter cup cakes in the oven..now I get to lick the bowl 
@philblume yay! good news 
"@lrgnpaul is trying to make said wicket less sticky, "
@StaciJShelton going to the beach weeeee 
"Darn, my toast is burned!! Oh never mindd... "
off to races to try win some money 
"Yet another mention for our renovation, this time courtesy of @designpublic http://tinyurl.com/d9wdzk Thanks guys "
@InnaLA_RE People call me all day long. That's why my number is in my profile.  http://twitter.com/InnaLA_RE/status/1468674857
@mattmoo2 Hackers will always win!!  You can't fight what is ultimately going to happen!! #spbpc #spbpuk
"alphabeat &quot;fascination&quot; ? http://twt.fm/33018   beautiful day, everything's great! dancin around in underwear "
@hayl3s not problemed just a child 
@Bournemouthecho aww thank you so much   that made me laugh!!
30 more mins of sleep? sure why not haha  night! waking up at 7ish. ugh.
@sarahansen SARAH! I LOVE YOU!  SONGFEST BABY! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! oh yeah!  
@ashnazg where the heck are ya? 
@showa55 congrats. what job is it? 
"@Zulkey I'll have a twitter war with you, baby!  Um...  you're a poo-poo-head!  "
@Jamesashton20 as ive already said ... i aim to please 
@FranciscoAndre My wished 30' LED cinema display! 
It's all going well today; I have to say. Plus my new watch is sparkling 
"All the silly things of our society seem irrelevant. And yet, Mall of Emirates is not so far away "
@geirwaaler It's not hard to get started but it takes years to get the black belt  Let me know if you need some hints 
"Ohmygosh! I am soooooooooo bored, it's a lovely day though "
@whitsundays enjoy the crowd 
"@sandieb321 Log in at twitter.com and click on profile, you can change it in there. I can see your avatar though "
@tomson - Badum tsssshhhhh! (played with drumsticks) - shall pop along later for a quick look at your scribblings 
@Schofe are you not busy enough Mr Schofield? stop reading this and get back to work! 
@ecaps1 hahahaha - good idea!   would be cheaper jsut to buy a kite 
to be here at the advanced training is boring ... lalala ... now i hear seven nation army of the white stripes - great song 
Wants Paul To Get Better Soon  &lt;3
is going to look at guitars tomorrow... woo for having money and working 2 public holidays in the next week 
@ben fire how you've been? 
@Schofe thanks so much for having the @twitchhiker on TM! Great interview 
@MarcoZehe Other than that it's simply one line for the title and then a large text editor for the article. Pretty intuitive. 
missing my baby boys....home tomorrow 
"@khalilrtz I love you though, despite everythinnggg. "
is a twitter noob 
@simply_pink youï¿½re looking so intellectual today 
"sandals, shorts &amp; t-shirt -- summer is here! "
"@ABIBAN and parka, don't forget the parka! - there's your 365 right there "
"the muv reckons our passports wont be back in time by eatser, well you know what that means; im moving back asap. "
@StevieG144 haha yeah that's her job!! 
@davidjstringer and your dressed like that? Is it dangerous? 
@Ayshah_ haha! then you're one kewl mom! 
having fun listening to gino and fran. 
@Schofe - just watched it                   what was he called again?
"@Schofe What an amazing tweeter, gives everyone hope in human nature "
Hanging out with Fisher and Big Snuggles. 
also also... stupid lamb. 
@Schofe love you mighty  scofe king of the twits!  hahahah great interview
@jade2468 Jade boyyyyy!   I love you  ; )  haha.
"@lazygiraffe I have that problem with fabric, I have been 'quite' good this year so far "
Gab's @gabmadrid coming over to bring some dinner after he gets off from work 
going to do some revision then go outtt 
"@lowster would be nice to see that one too, but at least the other one is right side up. Hope you had a great time. You musta done! "
I got the telekom g1 android mobile phone and hell...its amazing what this thing can do! 
going to read Twilight breaking dawn  Love it 
"@Schofe .... watch his followers SOAR, lol!!!  Amazing story  x"
"@mileycyrus mother nature doesn't hate you, you're very pretty  You may need some rest "
"@purelyironic Thank you, sweetheart! Stuff quietened down a little by now and I have good after work plans "
@mikroanalogo Thank you! These lawyers are constantly talking on the phone... I think I'll just leave! 
@olivierclaurent Thanks  I give it another few hours..... although Im not cranky or hungry which is what I was worried about
just got payed; yay 
"@mileycyrus snap! except for the rainy part! shocking really, its not acctually raining in england! lol "
@andyclemmensen come on facebook  xx
@zachbraff Happy Birthday.  
"@Schofe I watched that, such an interesting story! Nice to see some generous people "
whew! Just made through some rough stuff. Epidural is in now. Laura is happy again. Several of my fingers are broken 
...been speeding up the clock 
My doggy is so cute. 
New client project brewing up for this new financial year. And timeline still gives me space to take some *time off*. 
@aussie_ali awww you sook away babe 
"@billwixey Wixey!!! Mark makes me coffee, brings me breakfast, pulls out my chair, keeps the temp in the studio a balmy 68. What about u? "
@PembrokeDave I'm good besides feeling a lot like one of the Bandwagoneers.  how's your room? Much better? 
@Tatterededges eating chocolate is hardly a &quot;task&quot;. More like a favourite hobby! 
"@heygayjay yyyyyyaaaaayyy me,haha "
"@davidusher, good luck with mesh!!   DEQQ is awesome, it's going to blow everyone away!"
@mhymn LOL!  &quot;soon&quot; ???  so you compiled them all! 
@V_and_A glad you like  x
"For the first time in a very long time, I am actually making myself a delicious breakfast that I will not be eating in the car. "
@amandapalmer You are full of win.  Just wanted to let you know 
@scooby867 
@giventofly_0 probably take about a month to recover from that one lol...off to gadget show live in a couple of weeks 
@tanchira weeeeeee courage &amp; hugs! Thanks lovely  MWAH! xoxo
at home already 
Some of my poems from DESAYUNO EN LA CAMA will be translated into Ukranian!  For an anthology project coming out this fall.
wishes xeco-olympus tembus USMD semua  http://plurk.com/p/n17fw
is having a ham roast on saturday night after lots of travel!!  yay for easter and being the only child for the weekend 
Listening to music!!  Woop! 
I'm looking forward to listen to the #Drupal presentation by @timmillwood as I'm such a #WordPress lovers!  #IgniteCardiff
good evening to all  http://plurk.com/p/n17gf
@vinodkhare Summary: The girl throws some tantrums; tickets get canceled; I laugh out loud and indulge myself in a Bank Audit for a week 
"@lindstorm If everything goes as planned, I should be interviewing BT tonight after 22:00. Talk about spinning socks... "
Maybe the 9th...we've already entered the crypt of civilization  http://bit.ly/4xkWnL
"@NitaJoy Sure, how do you take it?  I have herbal, regular PG Tips and Twinings..."
@garry1bowie @Karen230683 i love my faithful old treo (plus the low t-mobile cost) 
esdrtfgyhbnujmkjnbgvfcdfc. Excited to see Tim. 
Looking for good captcha alternative concepts. Are there any experts out there 
"@John1954Moi No, not yet - this is the first time I've really disclosed anything about him "
"is in jakarta in thunder and rain, tomorrow I hit sunndy Bali "
@temptalia did it work 
those dulux ads makes me want an old english sheep dog 
Heading to the gym!  Then to work  #fb
myspace layout's finished! check it!!! 
has just got up.. ahh i love school holidays 
"@Schofe I know! My friend told me about this. Rather cool, thoughtful, and a very fun idea! "
@catmatson That was the conclusion I had come to as well 
@Tsarnick It was soooo good and cute! I still have the glasses haha Coraline is my twin 
"Anyone tried games via www.steampowered.com ? http://is.gd/raWF I love Tower defense, and this game looks awesome. All cloud driven "
Excited about our whizzy new graphic soon to appear on our website 
"Building an app for Mac is not fun, specially when you don't have one.. "
@BW101 awww.... i'm sorry everyone.   you cant have your happy back. I'm enjoying it wayyy too much ;p
"Nothing could be finer.....Carolina 89,  Michigan State 72....Family weekend full success!  "
@Inga_Ros It is going to be a good day 
"@Daniel2Beck Be there in ten!  It's trying to be nice here, bet it rains though. Gah I need a holiday"
Happiness is not ours to take. It is ours to give. Just like love. Do not ask for it. Give it and be glad you can do it 
good morning Twitterland 
@JackWills it's amazing! The dresses are perfect! Good job  x
"@msg621 There's not panic here, just bludging. Haha. Good work on making the move to become an official twitterer. "
Two hours of House? Yes please 
@JLSOfficial cup of tea is the way to go!!! have fun on your photoshoot!! and have a fun free day writing oo i dunno a blog?  &amp; The studio
Goood morning 
@7figpsychic  I love the Princess Bride too! Have it on DVD so we can watch it whenever we want -- inconceivable isn't it! 
@scattermoon good luck 
I studied 3 hours for chem and 1 hour for global and I have global essay 1st period and chem 2nd &amp; 3rd ill post my grades after vacation 
@GregGauthier awesome to both 
got his winnings yesterday and then bought the whole office cakes. Result = happy colleagues to work with &amp; net deficit in wallet 
"The South Belgrave butcher (Colby Rd) makes the best chicken kiev I've ever eaten.  Wow! I will definitely return, and try more "
I just have to wake up smell the break-up fix my heart put on my make-up. And hes yet another mess i didnt plan.  
does understand twitter just yet 
@TVFanUK  just fitter than I thought! lol
@rebel_vamp thanks  sometimes i hate my laptop.
good day to all 
@Shimbin And a rose without thorns just isn't a proper rose now is it?  
Its a great day for a sox game 
@RicRaftis  Can't imagine only 9 minutes a day on Twitter - guess we're not average either-we're like you ! 
Wonderful people at Tesco Mobile have sorted out my phone. Am infinitely happy now  Hurray for Tesco Mobile!!!
@MezGlinks hiiiiiiiiiiiiii. twitter is the best. other than the word limit. that's annoying. but i'm sure they will update it soon 
is staying at Concord for the next 3 weeks and has worked out how to connect to the internet 
@Britt7094 Wonder if he turned the new follower email notifications off. 
Researching/editing before Illustrating 
@psmith welcome! - tis the truth 
@rcarmstrong Thanks rafael! Makes perfect sense.. Just wanted to verify it  Still annoying having to wait for all the great shows though!
"@HilzFuld only trouble with tread type iPhone cases is it's hard to put into and take out of pockets... Otherwise, very impact resistant "
@Justthatgirl101 ooh.  A buckle tai!  Hope you get it done so we can see it.  
is going to read alice in wonderland. 
more 3 days for relax 4 days... 
"@fiederels Heheh. No, Iï¿½m off to Florence on Thursday. Need to achieve inbox zero before then "
ALL slowness on my laptop (including problems in Media Center) seemed to evaporate after disabling search indexing on the hard drives \o/ 
@ecaps1 got a ï¿½1 store in town - thats not bad for craft stuff 
@Abbie12 Have a great time and take care. 
@stickifingers nah...I asked for Sherry Vinegar-the bottle I picked up first was Pedro Ximenez Vinegar! I bought Cepa Vieja Reserva. 
"Aw, the women are dead adorable "
tamiori is trying to sleep while surfing the web. 
"well, actually he's now sitting at his computer updating his twat naked "
@pratama - One day you'll meet them 
"@klinkie thanks, I was leaning towards the Samsung myself "
so excited it finally have my website up and running 
"No wait, the little chap's come round! All music wiped off clean, but its alive again "
has many free texts TXT ME please 
"less code is good code, no code is better, Guess I'm done for the day then "
@IanRobinson test your webcam 
"my god bradie, you are the funniest person  annnnnnnd I very much lord you "
@stephenfry it's just an illuuuuuuusion! ...lunchtime = doubly so  x
Zero and 1-Click attacks. Nice. I swear this session is just about hackers!!  Just kidding. #spbpc #spbpuk
"i mean its a holiday, who wants to go to netball practise on a holiday??? Is she out of her mind?????? "
@stephenfry time is what happens when you get distracted from the present moment. 
"Trying to concentrate on work, but it just doesn't seem to be working! "
That game sounds like fun!  
one more day until complete freedom!! 
@briesca you should totally follow me! 
is @ school.  --'  Just gaming and listening music  This is live..
Chegou o DVD do Leonard Cohen 
@hobronto Rather get an iPhone if you can - you won't look back! 
does anybody wana come tescos to buy noodles with me  xxx
"@PaulaAbdul aww, good luck Paula, and take it easy sometime too. "
"@leechunsa No prob, it's okay~ ^^ Yuf, I did.  My sister got a haircut too.  She's now a Jojo fan. lol."
"On train again. Weather is very sunny. All people, waitress, conductor, me are in a good temper. No worries about crises during sunshine "
@AlisonJayne82 I'm such a closed book 
@mileycyrus Good idea. 
some of my clothes come tmr 
@Kal_Penn Best of luck with your White House endeavors. So unbelievably envious! Thanks for your awesome portrayal of a great character 
Lol boss gets hard when i sing the brady bunch 
@lachy12 I get better speeds when I'm speed limited...on Optus  #optusisntthatbad
@DidITweetThat yes umm she is some pretty good eye candy.  
@jobaudrey hey! sorry was kinda talking to myself there 
plots + plans!  thats the quote of the day!
loving the idea of cocktails on a Wednesday night with one 'bright sparrow'!! 
@mileycyrus have a wonderful morning!! 
Omg! Onli 1Min In The Car + The 10 Pack Comes Out!! Haha  xxx
"@tommcfly that's awesome! you're gonna love that book...and possibly be surprised! but don't worry, i won't spoil it for you "
@ManuSupra tu upload ton dossier sur ton FTP : /www/wp-content/themes/ 
"@MyAppleStuff lol , did you go all out at the weekend "
packing for dubai! excited 
"@savagestar eh dude so do i, so do i. thanks "
sponge bob funny sqidard said he hates gary and spongebob like i love gary   LOL
"@kasiopc wow thanks (-:  I'm actually going to buy that  it better be good, I'm trusting you on this one ;-)"
@fraserke Not really - Halls et al sausages are rank  
@ghincapie Geo..are they in the UK? Loose fit for me please 
@tommcfly I didn't boys too could get addicted to these books so easily lol 
@jessicastrust pot just gone on  Cookies soon to go into the oven 
I bought me a red droplet  http://tinyurl.com/dmbcvg
@Moscovici page isn't loading 
@finselmegger not really 
@swiftkick13 I'd ALWAYS rather be drinking! 
"The person I have upset, deserve space, to be left alone and just hope she has a good future! "
@LucPestille you and @edent will get on very well indeed  #TFComp
@CrazyMikesapps How u? 
@krayolangputol : The youngest JAMAL makes me squueee. I love him  But I don't know much about Premiere T___T
"@itinerant_vae It's okay.  I work this afternoon so the break's actually at a fairly good time for me, I think."
Listening to PontoonFace by Lady Gagging 
hi  r u with cookie?
drinking my cuppa soup 
is listening to Fightstar 
@LizS4ra @brennig @ohthedecadence. Saturday 18th 
talk to strangers with http://omegle.com ... oddly very entertaining 
@OvidPerl You'll run out of fingers to put rings on soon. 
whats miley's background pic on her twitter? plz tell!  i'd like help knowing! whats the picture... OF?
"@YoursTruli congrats!!  that's a lot of work, good luck "
@amandapalmer hehehe i loooove doctor who.  watching it always makes me feel better  xx
Ready for a permanent job!!!  sign me up and have no worries!
Today is the first day when I woke up it wasn't raining  English &amp; history trimesters then aprinf break!
Just Woke Up / So Tired / School Now / Blahh / Checkk Out My New Blog On My Myspace / 
@twodotone uuuuh should that be read you have a girlfriend? Little rusty in my programming 
"doesn't have braces anymore, yay! "
@tommcfly You have a lovely thumb 
@katetrussler would like to see those! Can't you pull off a jpg of one slide and post it? 
@dotmariusz hm... looks like a nice music player to me 
ashes to ashes is comming back ... yay 
"@yosit Hi yossi, Bon apetite! Dash from my wife, shelly Kalmar who says you're the no.1 evangelist in Israel. Respect "
now work! Bye! 
yum work just paid for a full english fry up breakfast - did i mention i love my job 
"@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/2y9c6 - haha...tom, you're awesome  Just reading eclipse, too see you in Amsterdam...11 Days "
@kaushalgoa Do you really need an answer for it? 
nothing planned today ... i should be studying but its nice out and i fancy going to the beach! 
@jgradim wrong reply  sorry!
@mileycyrus oooo I like that idea 
Phew!! Crazy day yesterday turning into crazy week!! 
on the bus. prayin that i get my paper done so i can go to bible study an prayer 2nite  hay-layy 
"@shemah thanks, shem!  i didn't know too, lucky i recognize her screenshot at botb page! "
omg stephen fry is back in england. im in the same counrty as stephen fry. this is making me a little too excited for it to be healthy. 
@msldyl0st ugh now u have that song stuck in my head! I'm totally buying it off itunes as I tweet. 
Watching friends on pay tv. Old but comforting 
"Just woke up, i do love the holidays, longer sleep! "
HAHA squidward has decided to look after gary 
@Frankmusik a big load of grey boobs. hope them grey things grow a little colour by the day's end 
"doesn't like twitter much, soz bbs "
@jkscatena worthy of a reblip. cheers  ? http://blip.fm/~3xc9c
Cat wait to o away for the easter weekend!! 
Just woke up. Dreamt that I was pregnant and had given birth... and woke up incredibly relieved that I had/was not 
@mileycyrus I love you Miley (:  ... The Climb is my fav song ever!! 
@toxiccupcakeCxC  @ you.
@miafreedman This looks an awful lot like a gauntlet being thrown...love it!  Bring it on EB biyatches!
 @3sixty5days makes me smile.
@untangle it's a great read and yes i would love to meet him too   did you get my link i sent you?
still up laying down vocals. damn it's late. hope everyone is sleeping well 
@stephenfry your words inspire 
"@TimMothE why not?! it's just like me announcing in the playground that i probably won't see you 2moro, who actually listens? "
@mr_starbuck Nice weather. Mum reported there wasn't a single cloud in the sky at 10am. I'm arriving at Lindvallen on thursday afternoon 
@CarRental no..ill look it up 
coke mixed with ice cream and milo. yum 
jelly fishing jelly fishing 
"omg im literally falling asleep, why does work have to be so early???? morning twitters "
@markhundley Great thanks. Almost bedtime here  How u going?
"@Nancy_White awh, thanks "
@Iamdjb hahahhahhaha SICK i am actually smiling harder than i am in my background pic safeeee 
"@awriterafoot ...I did Nia tonight, always good for what's bugging you "
@paulmonkey I knew I shouldn't have asked!  
"hm, I guess I have been silent for the past few days... sorry "
ran a great 5km yesterday on my Gel Nimbus 
Maxi won...if winning means coming second...but hes a winner to me 
@guardian_renata I'm back too. Welcome back to you 
@mileycyrus Aww Well Wer Behind Ya  All Our Support  But Mother Nature Is Kind To Us Today We Hav A 10Pack Guy Wit Us Mmmmm  xxx
"@Isaacisque Ok... i can see this will be 20 questions, and very painful  Where in the city? Which company? "
"is glad it's not raining, but a little annoyed that it is freezing!!! So glad it's not MY spring break "
@BaconBellyBoy and yeah I love the screengrab feature 
"My brother came visiting us today!  Only to fix our car, but anyway.."
"Facebook virtually trying to do a twitter,now update your facebook status messages from your phone!.. "
"@PhilGoyen you've changed your pic too, everyone must be doing 'cause i said it threw me!! "
Cannot wait until Zakynthos &amp; Jamaica  Wooop Bring On The Sunshine!!!! 
"@nlupus well, it's been both heaven and hell I guess  some might think I'm an idiot, taking time off in the winter... O_O"
feels pity for two students molested by a their own teacher.   (annoyed)|| good evening guys.  http://plurk.com/p/n19b4
@Stulittle i qot it awww you qot pics w|. my niqqa Beezzyyy  . you Yummed Up homie thas wassup
@StarrGazr Remind me what happened in the World Series last year? Did Red Sox get there? 
"@ArrenV LOL, water is highly under-rated! "
"@claritypro Thanks so much, really nice... nice to share a cuppa with a friend "
... wish I had a real time machine though.... shaped like a Delorean 
@nicolerichie Oh WOW I totally remember The Party... lol 
@SmutzandtheC pretty much any way except scrambles.. you like &quot;the bird and the bee?&quot; they's my 2nd fav. band evarrrr 
@XAlien88 agh!!!! Nothing could possibly be that great!!!! 
Off to the museum of Oxford with Daisy in tow  I may be sometime.............
"righto, time for work. have a productive day everyone and don't stay on here too long!! "
"@thomasparker ooh how exciting  I would be ï¿½ber jealous, if it weren't for the fact that I'm going in June... Where are you staying?"
"Friday, It's my birthday  So Great !"
dreifing wiff se cabrio 
"@300pockets you guys should look into a Cube or EDH! It's fun  Xion as in kingdomhearts? From your profile pic, there's some resemblance!"
"@RedMummy  I feel better today, got some sleep and its not raining so can take the beasts out "
DCU SU elections today 
New iPhone is completely updated  Sun shining in Derry - tis a pretty day 
I am constantly amazed by our technology. It makes me wonder. Now check out this rad song!       &quot;Tripping&quot; ? http://twt.fm/33023
@rustyrockets you are a big piece of the rainbow..shine big shine bright and I will see you out there   Sparkle friends forever 
Looking for help on testing Prawn PDFs with Cucumber. All i can find is Prawn and Cucumber salad recipes!  http://tinyurl.com/cnnn6z
"@kimmmyberley Lol, he makes a few good points  I love the 'customers who bought crocs also bought...', hilarious!"
"@joniconix Ah, you refer to the tabloid not letters. I see. In that case I must add an additional rephrasing. &quot;I don't.&quot; "
@vamp_queen of course! 
"Final results from my CBS Bracket Challenge for the NCAA Mens Tourney: 802,911th. Surely, the 'Generation Y' folks will send me a trophy. "
loving the credit  crunch 
@MizFitOnline normal workday for me. I do still have plans/aspirations to submit some info for the miz mag - honest i do. 
@timelkington dont do it Tim - he will be in your dreams at nite but only if u spend over ï¿½300 and use the 15% discount he sent last week 
@alexakesson follow @hedge_funds 
"@MissSmashlee oh not alot, uni, working, same as just about everyone. handed in the first assignment in over a year on friday, was crazy "
*caugh* *caugh* I am ... Darth Batman!  http://hex.io/kkf  most brilliant crossover ever 
"cya all later crew, i got a bit of work to do "
"I want to be out in the sun, walking down a beach, with Joey "
Have been convinced to do the second talk at tonight's DJUGL. I'm hoping not to become too regular a feature 
@TimNebergall @JudgmentCash @AlexGoodall Thanks for the Rt's Paul 
I just had to google &quot;How to insert MicroSD into Blackberry Bold&quot; Found it though! 
is looking forward to her upcoming photo shoot. Off to work. Ask for my e-mail address. Chatting makes the day fly by! N/A if ur crazy. 
@WANICULLEN Thanks Wani 
@UxSoup aaaah ty 
Wants to be stimulated already 
@BeatlesTweets WOW awesome pics!! 
might go out and see marble today 
"@eliseland :O he just replied to someone... Dougie replied to quite a few people this afternoon so you never know... besides, it's fun! "
"im so tired today. i want to lay in a bed full of boys and just have hugs  sounds so good, probably look even better."
Installing Call of Duty 4... what a big DON'T... HELL YEAH 
@pinkfrangipani it's take me to the river from sydenee 
Plans have changed for the better... out for a MTB ride in the sunshine now 
@turnitgrey oh gosh. I didn't think you were that old. oh well I'll still like you when your 25  hahaha.
bom dia twitters 
One month from today we'll be on that plane headin' for NY!!    
snuggling in bed with my little baby....ahhhh! 
"@Marcel_Perform Gimme that $1m, we'll take a tour to the UK, and I'll show you all the people you need "
@MarthaStewart proof? 
 My Cullen family jewellery set arrived this morning!  So happy!
"@meedee64  Coooeee, How's your day been "
http://twitpic.com/2y9iv - When Chelsea brings me chocolate and diet coke I'm happy again 
Reminder: SR Release date set for Easter Sunday 
@twitme10 Lol - curry .. cuppa tea ... glass of merlot .... a free doggie ... I'm happy to negotiate 
@Pete_Brown That's In-and-Out 
"@healthwarrior A watched pot never boiled, mate - distraction is the name of the game "
"Watching Tron Oh my goodness, genius stuff :-D. the bike scene just flashed by "
@destanigroup Thanks for the link to fastpitch! 
"@Kal_Penn Thank you, Kal!!! You're GREAT!!! Good luck on everything that you'll do! "
@imjustcreative bless ya fella 
@ozazure I just trimmed it.  I'll post photos soon 
@rccgd I'm leaving the laptop at home. I'll put up with tweetie. I can get DMs on gmail. New friends can always send me their email addy 
@coy0te Sure!  But would i be a rebel for not waiting til Follow Friday? haha
Just booked @leawoodward and I in for 4D baby scan tomorrow - very exciting - can't wait to see our little girl 
"In ny  No flight delays, thank goodness. Las vegas was memorable! Loved fob/atl/cs concert"
loves the weather and goes on a bike tour with her doggy now 
"@petesanderson A little of what you fancy does you good, I am told "
@missy1994 dude i am SO jealous! goin to buy some on thurs 
Totally bought High School Musical 3 today... and it was meant to be released tomorrow.  Also bought a Wii Remote charger!
@MissxMarisa Oh sounds like a top movie  Really? I don't know who that is but they should hah.
@mileycyrus you're up early.... or out late  haha
@cassie2112 I don't wanna! tis too annoying &amp; hard! ...doing it all day tomorrow 
@brendonuriesays @trohman hope you guys have a safe flight 
@thirdsectorlab Greetings. 
@BrisbaneGirl 'hen' style may or may not involve making promises OTHER people need to deliver ... no such concerns here 
@espiral08  we're coming back on sunday or monday! 
@dajw nowt wrong with abit of cheese monsieur Winsor 
"right then nsb archive done and dusted, ape accounts up to date, freeland winner sorted.. haha now to do some real work "
Playing the clarinet makes me happy 
@xdcd What are you saying about yourself 
"mmm OJ, scrambled eggs w/ cheese and toast  GILMOREGIRLS TOO! ahhh. this day is amazing.. now if i could only get the dryer to work."
@JohnsHopkins Bloodstain on the carpet? Ready to gooo!  http://short.to/3uqb
@Fortitia how's it cooking?  looking forward to having a taste later.
@nicharry Tell her Simon &quot;who used to be from Tuks FM&quot; says Hi 
I like the sound of my new job title. Inventory manager. 
in curand voi fi pe .ro thx to blogway si CNSC 
Night all.. just enjoyed a chat on connect2mums. Check it out.  http://connect2mums.ning.com/
@mark_uk_ne We know we don't have a Queen. 
@DanceofLife just twigged  you mean your financial presentation? Yes I'll have a look at home and mail to you today
@declanshalvey yea you're right it's shite 
has just joined twitter 
@aplusk Ha! Nice...A lot like love is on tv right now  what a cute movie!
@LozzaBlack About time! You should always listen to your wise friend Kate. She's the coolest! 
The jobs front doesnt look so bleak today  !!
Going to school and enjoying my last day as a 16 year old  but  too
@anup_99 yea .. they just keep getting better 
making some lunch 
It's always great to hear from actors whom I've directed! Trying to encourage them to join Twitter! 
wow i just woke up and there's a bag next to my bed. i hate alcohol! wtf happened tonight?!?! thanks everyone who came to my bday dinner 
"@Mummyofmany I have home-made brownies, too.... "
@codyks Chick-Fil-A = bonus. 
I had to wake up and start my wifie's car.. geeez.. 
@sameerajayalath Don't be lonely. Life is good. 
"Ah, the national express train. Free wifi and in the quiet zone... "
@pedaah It is the theory of distracting you from the pain by making something else hurt worse. 
its goin b a starbucks day...i need caffeine  going into a lil worship w my team!! get excited and ready for God to do big things!
"@SamJones_71 I've been looking at your tweets, you really have some gr8 info there! Gotta go back and read all of them w/the links! "
@imjustcreative double bless ya 
"@diehard5158 It's OK, it's not real - just a funny story "
@mileycyrus he you get to meet my friend today during you screening in NY 
@mckayzoo Thank you. 
@helena1404 I don't believe you. No theory is perfect. Tell me how though 
@fake_vyvyan he dude that`s kind of a m-e-t-a-p-h-o-r  ... know that word ? 
"is horrifyingly tired, but at least it feels good to be home. "
is back to work today.  Woo!!! 
@lakshkhamesra I think your tips are smart and considerate. You are really smart. Thank you. Y would u think they irritate me? I'm sorry. 
@argylewhale Hooray! That's great! And about time you got some good news. 
"@ohaiijess hahahah, that's pure genius. you should get the nobel prize. "
@Humayon yes on my name  I use it for online payment
@Tojosan Good Morning Todd! 
"@BeeRealty Geez, but that was me the night before, so you'll sleep well tonight.  "
"@dMackintosh It's not dying, far from it. Social networks have a loooong way to go before they replace email; Sincerely, Mr ESMTP "
"@joannayoung Yes, very close &amp; I think she'll be early too. LOL! I'm sure I'll forgive you "
Cor my new custom rig just laughs in the face of left 4 dead and games alike 
"pretty sure I finished my ICTE, and it's only 9:00,, go me "
"Morning people, body always likes to get up around 7 when alarm is not set, so here I am "
"o.o mom and I are hearing an animal in our storage porch.   no way, no who am I seeing what's in there.  that's the man's job  hahah"
Woo hoo  she did it! Congratulations to @ClaudiaBliss 
rotting in an airport. going to NYC BABYYYY 
@Merlene I can be Sam?  Good morning 
"@TTOBF a wall plug for charging? If so, yes I do and I can bring it "
The Real World: Brooklyn 
"@PeterMears I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. Discuss "
I'm having the time of my life!!!! I actually gambled and won!!!!!!! A round of drinks for everyone!  Wooooooo!
"@innaamwaa haha,summer starts on June here or even on May and it's really hot here  not as hot as in Philippines,but..hot xD"
I'm so tired.  I can't wait until this weekend.  PROM.   I have to sign up for pictures today.  I must not forget.  Lol.
So much stuff falling into place....it's a positive feeling 
@asamahmad You would do more damage to the GWIZ that it would have done to you 
@LandersIE Nice. I like that combo 
@starlightlife wings4you I thank you for the info.on Nutrition People going through cancer need to understand the Value of this 
My friend Dandinella aka Danielle is here!! Yayy i haven't seen her in a long time  I missed you Danii xxoxo
@ WildstarB - Happy Rezday Captain   - and that was quite a party!
"Wow I had the most crazy twitter dream ever. At a twitter festival with concerts, water slides and thousands of people. Glad that's over "
@xoxsusannexoX Hey Friend . . Ah Im Okies  Hows U? Oooooh Intriguing :L:L. . ii Love Dat Word Dese Days :L. . Hah. . xOxOxO
life is fantastic    shopping with my favourite cousins today. then sleepover  x
"Getting read 4 a good day. Yesterday, couldn't get focused and drank too much coffee. Back to healthier tea 2day! "
@mileycyrus lol i cant w8 till yoiur film out on friday  is it any good?
@crowandcanary Hurrah!! Come by the booth (1554) and we'll have a little something special for you. 
I am sooooo T.I.R.E.D!!!! in every sense of the W.O.R.D!!!!!!! need a tune to pick me up!!! 
our cats love the sun. they're lying on the floor and having a sunbath 
i don't wanna sign off twitter but i have to. why are you so addictive... diva - beyonce is growing on me 
I HATE QUIZZES ON FACEBOOK! I'm not a song/movie/twilight character or mystical creature I'm a human being! Glad no quizzes here 
@_joy thats wut im hoping 
@stephenfry Enjoy Stephen and hope you feel refreshed and happy. 
@andyclemmensen lol i think the people who made the show like you 
@walterstad say hi to P-O 
@BeeRealty The Merry-Go-Round spins faster &amp; I sleep less; as time goes by 
@stephenfry Welcome home 
"who wants to b at work when the weather is so nice? bbq, sunshine and beer in the garden comming up, 5 hours to go "
This is hilarious!..'Bossnapping'..  http://schott.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/03/26/bossnapping/
"@suzosusan He can't leave us, it's so hard to say goodbye "
I remember doing my research paper/presentation on this. lol  http://www.engadget.com/2009/04/07/video-da-vinci-si-robotic-system-want ...
HAve a great day my friends 
@andyclemmensen COME TO BRISBANE SOON!!  Pretty please.
@adamcurry It's hugely significant that Apple was the first company to bring Unix to the desktop with viable commercial app support. 
Cooked Josh a nice big beef roast with potatos.  Loves Joshua!
"@snapedinhalf I DO!  A lady on ebay made em for me.  She painted slytherin crests on the outside, and dark marks on the other side! "
is having her fingers crossed the photos will all turned out good 
"Geez, it makes me laugh how guys always want you back when you've moved on... "
"@twicullen Yeah, Spike is hilarious! I'm going to lunch now, are u going to forgive me for that too? "
I'm just about to leave work!!!  Literally @ 2100 
@baddesigner tron= awesomeness  especially when it pops on during a lame day off!
"Another ducky day: Mass, some paperwork, a little reading, and off to Brighton MA for class (listening to podcasts on the way "
"on a holiday. A HOLIDAY!!! No plans, up for anything "
@gailporter lol fab pressie. My little girl thinks they're hilarious 
@Energized Gotta get them started on the business casual wear early. 
@makethingstalk yeah... his mum was our school secretary! 
I'm 20 years old. Doesn't feel any different. Still going to tons of shows &amp; causing trouble  with my girls. I guess that never gets old. 
hope you are having fun working. cant even imagine doing what your doing with the style n grace that ur doing it with! u rock 
"This is Prank Wars Ep 7 http://tinyurl.com/au8p9o have seen Ep 6, might just go and look up Ep 1-5 !!! He He He "
@Sweet_Libertine @amber_benson looked lovely tonight  I'm sorry that I didn't get to her in time to stop and interview her!
Great concert at the opera house yesterday evening! Looking forward to some outdoor climbing later! 
@stephenfry Ooo Mr Fry you havent missed anything. I'll have a look out for you around London today.  Whilst your settling back. x
ahhhh ive returned from the gym........... now for dinner  good times
"@KrisKonrad well yes he did, but I didn't  but seriously, had to finish something useful so was too late for grouplunch"
@thehrmaven  not fair that someone with your sunny disposition should have a headache - hope it lifts soon 
is off to town 
"@hayley9214 She's okay.  They thought her neck was broken, and she was immobilized. But then they gave her muscle relaxants, and"
@sebmaster  Will try to be at #Adtech_paris . See you there 
"@recycleus a KTM 690 Duke, with the Supermotard running gear. "
"I'm just two emails away from Inbox Zero. Tempted to hide them away, but am determined to do it properly just once in my life "
Just got home from hanging with Ming and watching HIMYM! 
@chasechax It can be tricky but I feel privileged to be able to talk to our supporters directly all day. 
Well all in all today was great! happy with the day should probably say my goodnights 
"@girlstoys phewy, they are back! what is twitter playing at? "
@teeahhurie sure you can watch twilight with me 
"Going for a run through the marina, downtown and then Balboa Park with Holly "
@selfexile   Thanks
@PhillyD Family always comes first Phil.  I hope your dad get's better 
@emma2381 We watch more DVDs than TV for that reason. Most of the time I'm just listening to TV anyway while on the computer 
@DJOcto haha.. i do not look like myself  weird distorted  camera i have on the phone
#Swancon still needs volunteers! Email: volunteers@swancon.com if your interested in helping out 
@Gaspadin I have a bigger twitter following than blog following. So partially still meant fewer people will see it rather than everyone 
@KevinSpacey Are you kidding?? I would PAY to hear you talk. You're one of the most articulate people i've had the pleasure to listen to 
"this car is costing me an arm and a leg, but it's so cute I have to forgive it! "
day 2 of #chi09 - good morning! 
"@anothersnowday well, sure that too...but i was talkin about the sandwich! "
@deiknuo Hmmmm... Good point. Just wait until you get here in October!!  
ok so if you have a tumblr do please follow me!! well im off to bed i guess 
Note to self:  Renee is a weirdo for writing a note to herself 
@dhatfield love the new comic girl look  I always you knew you were a super hero...
Facebook-ing. Hahaha 
Haha the sunglare is really bad so my dad took my purple raybans hehe 
mitchel musso  rocks - yeah 
"yey, new haircut  must say I like it. now cooking courgette-bacon-cream pasta ja tomato-mozzarella salad, yum."
says bye guys ill be going na  (bye) http://plurk.com/p/n1b42
@ImASadGiraffe breakfast of champions! 
@oOPink_LadyOo holidays? enjoy that miss! 
"just testing it out, stopped "
@julito77 You deserve it.  Especially when the compliment is coming from @PinkOliveFamily 
grand theft auto dosent make you a player. 
@hooeyspewer Good Morning Ms Hoooooooey! 
"@MLDuffy Hi, neighbour.  I just moved here 4 months ago. Sounds like we're in some similar boats. "
@csulaiman You're very welcome 
I'd totally forgotten how much I love Teachers. 
"Graham Coxon on Britpop: &quot;once the Guardian said it was OK to like football, that was it, the whole decade was fucked&quot; "
just woke up from a really well deserved rest. Did push ups and time for a shower before giving Macky some loving time! 
homeworks a biatchhh! ahh ily cody carson 
@meekorouse oh! Congrats then on the new move! 
@devlincarnate Heh yeah - but atleast it's in widescreen 
"Def off now...unexpected day out tomorrow so stuff has to get done today. Back later, have a productive and fun day all "
@ryanseacrest I say pocket square. I think it looks better 
"@Mummyofmany ooh, yes please! yum "
@jamie_oliver any ideas for a quick tasty lunch jamie  im bored of my usual
@JudahChew hahahah thanks for telling me Manchester won.  i only watch for ronaldo. btw WHEN ARE THEY COMING HERE? 
@MsUnreliable Yr right! could really see that w/ his chuminess w/ Eisner. Truly LA's old boys club. Didnt need Trump. good to be king. 
"Just de-activated facebook account, removed app from iPhone.. a good feeling overall really "
Has done his good deed for the day and doled out 3 dA subbies. Check out the contest entries and winners here  http://tinyurl.com/co4k2b
@31o5 So raining give you spare time 
"@ernmander *smooches* hello my lovely  just gonna pop into the shower, back on for a bit after xoxoxxx"
"is at a family party, hasnt even started. only here for the food  what a greedy bitch"
needs new breakdowns and thinks hes found them 
has clothes that fit 
@hnauheimer #processwork oh waoh great!! @maxfxx isnï¿½t very active yet on Tw  sunny greetings from bavaria
"@sadknob  Ah, That is a sign that they are either agreeing with you or are totally confused. lol "
Off to town to do lunch! 
@mutairy  ebil but i have  butter fingers 
"@tjholmescnn Love your style on camera. You write awesome tweets too. Ok, enough frosting on the cake.  "
"Duh! I had zoom on at 125% in IE 8! Now which one my kids did that?  But hey, I found this great article in my quest: http://is.gd/rb67"
Goodmorning. I'm learning that RESPECT is something I have to DEMAND! 
Going on the flyer now! 
@MattBovell I never want to know that horror 
"nice weather!I feel energetic and healthy,I might even go run later today  maybe.... ;-)"
sarcasm is defiantly one of the worlds greatest creations  hahaa.
@arivindabraham Welcome to the dark side....  
"'Tis a beautiful day in paradise, how to get there from Michigan is a mystery to me "
Eel! 12 noon and it's the first tweet of the day! Getting withdrawal symptoms! 
@joeMcintyre Welcome to the world of Twitter!!!  Lets Get This!!! xx
Back in the Palace of Arts to rehearse. Everyone was a bit more chirpy this morning  Sounding good!
@Kyle6767 all's good no complaints - sent Gabbi a fb msg today with details re 18th - would be cool to see ya  How goes it on your side?
"last 3 hours @work, then FreeFreeFree for Barca!!  1st a workout on my own @FF-gym..............."
"New diet working well, training less than ever, recovering well, eating more, staying lean. Nice "
"@spinney Cheers, it was fun to do "
@jenbishopsydney I know! Gutted. Next time tho when you are back. I have put the chicken carcass back in the freezer for next time  x
"@tonyhawk: hope i'm doing this right, u r my first twitt message that i am sending, from Cape Town South Africa, hope you r doing it well "
Gonna get a new business card as Eximion's Technology Ambassador! 
@stephenfry Few things I've found better for settling myself in after a long trip than wandering around London. 
@anniemacdj would love to see that 
"Has arrived in London.  fab, let's go shopping!"
grow garden grow...too much salmonella talk...news depressing today well now off to work 
Hols = J's during the day  Ice Cream again very very nice indeed
almost easter 
@dawnmaloney wow! There is a limit? 
@gay_emo_zac good morning  this friend is so lucky to have the opportunity to meet you 
Looking for interesting people to follow  
"Yay, I won the events coordinator position!! Pretty amazing that I won something tantamount to a popularity contest. That's a first. "
@Convolvemedia ha! can't wait til they get here. you took a decent pic considering the low lights. thanks for sharing! 
@spphotoart LOL! she's heaven...every family has at least one Hyacinth 
feasting on an assortment of japanese candy. be jealous 
@elanorelle thanks for the enthusiasm  just off to meet her! i hope she likes her present! :-D x
&lt;--- focused on watching  http://plurk.com/p/n1bzs
Good Morning on this beautiful sunny Tuesday. Let's enjoy the weather while it lasts; more rain is on the way; be creative + make creams 
"@TomFelton  cool, hope ur bro is doing fine"
@LittleJesse not that I know of. Am listening to him now 
"oh it's not good, I'm coming up with 1001 other things I want to do instead of my essay... they're good ideas too! "
@Triptophobia I think everyone's fangirled over something or someone. Even dudes fanboy over stuff. But it's good that you've moved on 
Watching ellen degeneres. My favorite show! 
@turab235 good evening 
"@RedDotRedState  Alive and well, behind every corner "
Im so ready for summer... freakishly tired 
@k_bec I bet you do 
yay back to work 
I hope twitter actually posts this tweet... but hopefully i'll be going out and watching lesbian vampire killers in a second 
@wincottm woohoo!!! go you!!  ... yeh 28days was a band back in 2000... Pumpkins &amp; Live were good in their time.. I still like Manu Chao
@NatachaGrace No problem. And if you have any tips on movies or music - whatever. Feel free to pass them on to me. It will make me happy! 
Gary Player 10000/1 must be worth a ï¿½1 each way?  Will let you know my serious placed bets shortly #masters
"dreamt about vinyl and record players last night, this is a huge improvement to the night before "
@mattdowding more than one 
Now Tweet via Berry 
"Taking Chloe and Emily to the Vet to get fixed.  Chloe is all excited, she won't be after she sees where she is going.  Have a nice day. "
here's the actual story.. http://contexts.org/socimages/2009/04/02/boys-fix-things-girls-need-things-fixed/ 
Learning Twitter 
I like to have a million of internet amigos! yeeeeeeeeeeeeey! amigos 
OK I'm in pain still but made it to work. The sun is out and couldn't be happier 
@chappy87 Hahaha. I was aiming for the vomit-factor 
http://twitpic.com/2y9uj - USA here i cometh! 
"To be there for you, I'll b there just helping u out whenever I can Everybody's FREE x go hear me sing! I'm bloody good! X x "
@paul_a_smith You did great 
@maliajonas marlier - love you lovely HAHA 
"@Salsea Well done, you beat me to it "
"is going to have a nice relaxing day, tidy her room, bake some cakes, and have a nice shower  Woo!"
"@Spoonsie Oh wow is that today? That's great! Hope your first day goes well! Oh, and good morning! "
im out walking  and its cold and dark and i heard something behind me :S ahhhhhhh
"@juliancheal I didn't think I could cycle up The Hollow, or Lyncombe Hill, or Holloway. Turns out I was wrong "
i'm back hoooome!  now it's time to work! woo hoo! i'm so excited!
@ganeshjaju congratulations for good sleep  but my alarm is louder than santosh's ??
"Summertime will soon hit Denmark, And ill hit the beach in my boat "
"disney.com is the bomb . yea yea , I'm turning 17 , whatever ! *flips hair* lol . "
Ladies room topic for tomorrow &quot;can a lady become a stripper and still keep her dignity&quot;  @JamnMelissa
@animoenzo what sign ? 
"I got the OK to replace the carpet in my room with floorboards, yay  I plan to buy them next week"
"Going home, going to have dinner, going to wait for my wife "
http://stopthecap.com is down yo -- must be retribution from TWC 
@Zewdy YAY! Im real excited bout ur progress  hopefully be able to meet u in person b4 u 2 famous lol &amp; will wait 4 the new vids beybeh.
@mileycyrus the conbrainer store...could that be the title of your next album please? 
Good mornin all. 
love music -- drum &amp; bass: http://bassdrive.com -- dubstep: http://dubstep.fm -- prog house: http://friskyradio.com 
i really love the love lab stage in rhythm heaven  so adorable!
is looking forward to seeing Absent Elk's homemade semi acoustic version of Sun and Water    
@jennytsang did you enjoy your sushi? 
"watching alot like love  - aw i miss him,, amaziiing night "
"@c_davies I had no idea a four slice toaster was that much larger than a 3 slice toaster.   Frankly, I need a 10 slice toaster"
"@njpaust haha, just signed up to twitter.. we will see it goes.. autoblogs are great when you you know how "
time to get ready 
@taimurasad  @vasudevg  Thanks     ;)
Cars is ready to pick up. 
@ColinMackay hi 
"Getting ready for first midwife appointment  And, Savannah is going to play with friends, she'll be thrilled. It's a good day!"
@MJPhotographer Hey it was acting up 4 me initially too... teething probs? 
is watching gossip girl 
"@ElleSergi haha! That made me laugh. I'd certainly welcome tutoring from the best *points at u like David Brent* AKA, you! "
new server wheeeeeee and I can code online 
@kmcconaughy Doh! We haven't watched it yet! 
@EdwinRPlus welcome! Did you meet @arnobouwens already? Check www.friendhunter.nl That's innovative recruitment! 
is back in target woo hoo 
"still thinking of Parisian guy. England sucks for me right now, just want to be in France with my friends. Back to the studiezzzz now "
Listening to Evanescence cause I'm cool 
has been having lots of fun tonight just hanging out 
"@PrincessLeLe dnt know much about them but read gd reviews, am sure you'll enjoy it as much as I enjoy the iPhone, "
I watched Jim carreys &quot;Yes Man&quot; last night and actually enjoyed it!  Its a good enough show 
"@gamingseasons Nice, gefeliciteerd! "
"Why are pirates, pirates? coz they ARHHHHHHHH  thanks amy"
"@TomFelton awesome  my friend Emily moved out to Adelaide in Australia a few years ago, she loves it there too"
Downloading some apps then going to school! Bye 
"N-dubz na na naiii, in a sehr good mood  feelin good, lookin good, bellys rumblin though"
@Saffiter  My work is done then. Mhahaha!
"Off to easter school for two hours. Double music, yay!  Xx"
"@tommcfly so Tom you already have a team in Twilight? Edward or Jacob? please tell Edward, vampires always do it better "
getting excited about a relaxing long weekend in Gozo  for yoga classes in Malta visit: www.yogawithhannah.com
UNC FTW!!! Go tarheels!  A perfect ending to Ron's last year as a student there. He graduates next month with his JD. 
@Tittch I've been neutered and it's sure stopped me. 
"@hilaryygormann , ewwwwz they need to calm down ;) hows daniel  ? loveyouss!"
I'm excited that I already found my roomie for next year! 
"On the bus now, my freaking headphones are at school, i cant jam out to those rainy day sad songs that remind me of my pathetic life.  "
tweeting from cracker barrel  
@iLoveTrance my #trancetuesday pick for the week is  @andyace | i like the harder side of uplifitng #trance must check out Force Factor
@FacebookAdTips  oooh I just worked it out    the babies!  Thanks!
"Getting through people require genuinity. So, be genuine "
@islayian I will jump on the train when I finish up here today. Do you have your mobile with you?  
"GM  all my wonderful tweet pals, have another wonderfully joyous productive day! May it a great one 4 U all! "
@zurairi Azmyl on now! There you go 
"@ohaiijess oh yes (: we wouldnt really tour, they'd just come hang with us cos we are just that cool! "
@seoexpertbd that takes twitter password. so it makes everyone a follower of everyone. Doable via Twitter oAuth and other APIs 
@marcvanderchijs You might want to rephrase that before your wife reads it 
@chloemcfly lols. yep!  Having fun raving to mcfly?  I actually love them soooo much i cant even explain it. lols. Bm xxx
Am currently learning God Knows on Drums 
@leplan thats good! you were starting to worry me... your always there.. which a comforting though i guess 
@ladyozma  Have you been over to the house?  Is everything OK?  Hope TomTom is happy. 
"is going to Rem Koolhaas next week, for a interview and meet and greet "
@CrispandRaw thank you! 
dressing my brother up for easter sunday. he looks sharp 
The science behind tipping a cow  http://tinyurl.com/7k2a2 via @barrymcgee
laughing at Bradie because he's adorable  &lt;3
@fredinchina thanks fred for the insight  made the change zero to one *Winks* much appreciated my friend! http://bit.ly/GCYDS
@iamkhayyam @Minervity @alifity @piyushp_20 @SEO_ZULU @bar0s @dotmariusz @saurabhshah rthx 
@CiaranMcNulty There is a more 'verbose' explanation here  http://www.allthingsdistributed.com/2008/12/eventually_consistent.html
Hope your all having a good day 
my housemates cooked the BEST INDIAN CURRY DINNER TONIGHT... and it ended with rocky road ice cream!! Mmmmm.. do i love them or what! 
"... Wanting to watch Twilight again, but I'm going to the hairdressers soon. *sigh*... When I get back?!  &quot;Animal Attack&quot; Swoon"
"@hannaht yeah they headline Saturday, saw 'em last year at V. Gossip Fri and Jamie T Sunday.  YAY no-one clashes with Arctics or KOL "
@PinkyBoo2 that i didnt watch twilight. u asked me if i did 
politician is to journalist as tree is to dog 
i am typing this tweet from my new macbook pro mothefuckers.  i r happy.  jazz you are getting my old one as promised. 
@buckhollywood Still love Batwoman! That was the funniest thing I have ever seen lol 
Wonder why my telly is getting a weak signal.  Everything is pixelated no matter what I do. Is pixelated an actual word? 
I need a song to put on my phone before I gwan to London. 
@jjprojects surely there's more to complain about JJ 
"hunter &amp; i gave him some of our prints which he &amp; candice enjoyed  i need more fine arts friends, you guys just ain't doing it for me, ha."
"@hiyaaax3 morning. don't worry, be happy. i love you. "
@lexcanroar - heyyy 
"@richardcobbett This the April Fools story? Congrats again, it was an excellent piece "
UP EARLY WATCHiN TMNT 
@HeavenlyHev good evening. 
"Oh but, can I be the first to say 'woo hoo!' at Bernard Cribbins being the companion in the xmas &amp; new year specials? OK, WOO HOO! "
"@mnowluck idiot I am not @kima. I am @Mizohican  Im in Mumbai only, where the heck are you?"
@JonathanRKnight You are absolutely ADORABLE! 
recently just woke up from a 12 hour nap... wow i know 
"http://twitpic.com/2y9yz - quite impressed that the internet still works in my garden, i feel like summer is here "
Engineering Photonically.. 100% Bioluminescent mode.. ie Researching/editing/writing before Illustrating 
can't wait to try on her new black heels  Hope they fit!!!
"At birdworld and the place is full of kids, I'm the only one without a child in toe... Easter holidays for you "
@youmeatsix love the new song! pre ordered the tee and the single!  when do you announce the european tourdates?? (:
mucho tiredisimo. downloaded the confessions of a shopaholic soundtrack earlier... well worth it! 
Enjoying the sunshine 
"@RaisingMaine check out @miltmafia - we're always looking for ways to pawn off the kids and have a night out (ok, I am) "
   we break dance not hearts by Short Stack is my ringtone.... i LOVE that song!!!.....
just woke up. face is ok. not in pain  should be over with by the end of thursday hopefully 
@salspizza You'll be fine. Just hang in there. Hope you can make it on Friday - the dogs will enjoy 
wishing it wasn't cold so I could wear shoes that show off my toes 
"remembers himself of the last year. Concerts, meetings.. She looks forward to that that begins again  !"
@lmbquinn You're Funny~  
Whas up twitterland.... Meeting with the label 2day sorting out release date and vids for the album... 
@sabihkhan You expect delivery guy to do his homework before dumping leaflets? 
G'Morning! Went to bed in a good Mood  ! I think I've met my Match..
"@loz_xx lol tis isnt it   hay check out my page, i finally worked out how to make it perrrrdy "
@soulpowr G'morning... 
"@Hip_M0M And to you, girl! How old? "
"@liamgallagher hope all continues well, wishing loads of happiness for you lot! "
@Shiminay Fair enough  I just surprisingly like it... especially 'startup repair'... has saved me a couple of times.
@TomFelton Melbourne's got nothing on Sydney. Tell him to come here 
@pmeanwellralph Hiya - Its always good in Pembs  Hows tricks up your way ?
"@swa_tee yo been good, I have way too many blogs man try myschooolfthought.blogspot.com or aquasigeek.blogspot.com "
Music stimulates my mind. My interface designs get better the moment I listen to music 
"Morning twitterers  do yourselves a favor-go to youtube-search CHICKEN PAYBACK-THE BEES,&amp; laugh your butt off. "
"wants a new face, because the old one will soon fall off. thanks "
@DaveRacingKites happy birthday. 
To all the iPhone and iPod savvy: how do I transfer pictures from those back to my new computer??? Succeeded on the music. 
@eoghanquigg Aww good stuff (Y) I would come along if i could.. you need to come to birmingham  Best get back to work now..French =/  xx
@sk8mate coffee mmm lol  I'm coming to the one tmrw! Will you be doing Bolero? cos i asked the DOI site and they said its a secret  xxxx
@brendonuriesays  your pix are wonderful
@omgsarahsays when are you selling the miley book 
@Steves71 haha its more Bill Gates fault  buggy installation software and windows mobile 5. Twitterfon??
@nwwells Glad you enjoy it 
"you can only spend so much time on your own before going nuts with boredom! This is going to be the longest 4 weeks, at least its sunny! "
is tryin 2 working out how to use this twitter thing! lol slowly but surely gettin there! 
@esdrasbeleza Comece com 'Smoke on the water' 
"@jennjenn Late for me, considering that I've not been to bed.  / www.StalkDaily.com/mikeyy"
got it. Installing as we speak.... LOVE the nano connector  VERY sleek mouse indeed.
"Very quickly getting what I want out of the netbook. Adobe Digital Editions is the perfect ereader, got an eepc screen rotator too "
Only 4 more sleeps! Counting down to the first ever Transit of Venus gig.  Tis gonna be fun 
@Future_Echoes 2TB Time Machine 
I cant wait for Good Thursday and Holy Friday 
off to lunch. on today's menu sanwich from minutka 
"BlackBerry Pearl alive and kicking, and I didn't even have to pay anyone $50 to do my dirty work for me....  1 to add to the book"
@jimmoray thank you very much - tickets booked 
going to walk to town  x
"@corey_latislaw sorry to hear about your ankle Corey, but congratulations on the weight loss and muscle gain! "
@geishacat cool 
G'mornin. Hope yall have a splendorific day. 
Just had a shower was nice 
@meedee64  We have a beautiful Dining Suite.Used Twice. Just there for show.Says it all doesn't it. Liz had to have one .lol 
@stephenfry Welcome back Stephen 
Made It Into Work This Morning Yay For Me.. It Looks As Though The Sun Was Attempting To Come Up With Me.. Maybe Next Week!  GOOD MORNING!
yay! just need to type up the client letter 
Tapas at Trevelez !! Will post photo via wifi later. Warm and sunny legs not too tired surprisingly 
@rmilana Tim Tams rock!  Probably worth more than the $. I can see a tim tam black market forming.
needs to stop waking up at about 12 ish missin out on soo much owell   all i need is in my dreams lol
"just home from hospital, arm: not broken  Was genuinely worried about that one!"
@gimraent  thanks! I took a break from it (for a few days!) I thought it must be to do with that or exporting or something!
"Photo: thebackdoor: Perfect. My kind of friend. Yes, itï¿½s really my kind of friend.  http://tumblr.com/xd21ju1le"
@BloodiMari Ooh have fun! Good to make the most of the long weekend 
"@What_Amy_Said Phillip Schofield! The Schofe! He's a legend, Amy, you need to follow him  he's on my page."
"@margrethetm Yes, yes you should! We look forward to hearing from u and glad to hear ur back safe and sound  Biggzyxo"
@realsarah bad thing is that recycling is only once every two weeks.    OK ds2 is spitting fruit snacks from his mouth like bullets TTYL 
@robineccles Erm ... somewhere under that heap of paper on my desk 
FB // Alex Dermanis is feeling round...cos its tuesday...but not blue...actually very happy  and perhaps .. http://tinyurl.com/d9eafc
The coffee is good this morning! 
@Urbanverse Haha whaaat?! A boys club? In architecture?! :O (That's me pretending to be shocked) 
"@Kat_La i like cleaning a lot, actually.  i'm a bit obsessive compulsive."
Good Morning 
now it's name Sadie...still freaking adorable 
@fartingpen thanks dude 
"@laenij we're going shopping tomorrow, apparently! Yay, food!  Night hun "
"@annathor It's a present, but *tchin tchin* nonetheless "
Hello to all new followers  Thank you for following Portland. Check out our tunes http://www.myspace.com/portlandmusicuk 
"@redrobinrockn  Your welcome! Ever heard LM?She's great! I need Bonnie Portmore, my fav, don't have.ANY ONE HAVE Bonnie Portmore on blip?"
"@jacelle_diane Haha. I don't know. So, let's speak English then. "
is about to check out his new techno records from juno 
@BBCFalcons Thanks 
"Nope, it whent down again "
is hoping today will be a good day...I'm thinking it will be 
"@jeffmello yeah yeah yeah lol. Ill figure out something. Im childfree a lot on wknds yet still, at home "
Going to school then baseball if it doesn't get canceled because of the rain. Jammin 101 is coming back soon!!  http://jammin101online.com
Saw the most awsome sunrise this morning: pinks and oranges over the yellows and purples of the gardens  = AMAZINGNESS  
"@katesteven @robbrown would like to know about our public spanking, we'll be lost in the ether before anyone notices "
@BeauGiles see that's what i like about Twitter. i can say things that i can't on Facebook.  especially bitching about certain people 
"Hello beautiful, blue sky  Goodbye revision and work "
@guinnessdj @hollowlegs @handlewithcare @FoodStories a near perfect Saturday! Also have scallops from Shellseekers 
new to twittering here... well macheist made me do it 
"@rewebcoach Hey there, Handsome! Time to get this day going! "
@joemcintyre..Joey Joe... welcome to twitterland.. where the chaos continues.. glad u came..now u have to catch up w/ us..Lets get this!! 
"@BrionyLou yes, yes I am.  Although I have just discovered that I really dont know how to use Twitter properly "
"What is the advantage of public updates? I will give it a try. If you know, do tell "
"back from budapest! a wunderful city with great places and good bars, but the language is soo difficult!  Jo napot!"
@Jilly_Pixie Cheers  Know what you mean though - I found a massive box of letters the other week! Those were the days!
is watching bungee jumping videos trying to imagine how I'm gonna look like doing it on may 10th... Hoping to have fun! 
basil and hafiz are having a very nice gay moment in the studio 
"time to turn off and go to sleep i think, its been a big day! Goodnight all "
Eating kebab in the sun. Sounds like a bad song title. Ha! That one too 
@elleeseymour I didn't realise you were trustee. There are loads of you aren't there? Find RASE structure quite confusing! 
going back to OS X after a forced 5 month hiatus with only my Windows and Linux boxes makes me a happy camper 
@Lerae143 you didn't get the memo because when I told you .. You were most likely INTOXICATED. Not my problem.. But you're welcome 
"@benjamenus oh blimey, it's not you is it?? don't worry, I wouldn't say anything here that i wouldn't say to them personally. "
@noi27 Easy way is to go to MBK and get it hacked. @chuanjeng got a CN rom on his TH phone... 
@CITYPUBLICITY During revamp and shortly after. They're out of $ now &amp; in real trouble... but I'm going to be good &amp; not bag them publicy 
@margb1509 It's the same here in New Zealand too. Looking forward to them starting again already! Have a great night! 
"@visualmadness Hehe, thanks. "
"@diablocody That is how I am, but it is Valley Girl that I must watch.  Nic Cage as Randy = yum.  LOL!! "
@sandieb321  We are not fussy about age here as long as females are between 18-25 . I changed the rules. lol 
"is laughing , i cant believe flea attacks dougie  xx"
lip-synching to a song. 
@tommcfly i wouldnï¿½t say &quot;the best books ever written&quot; but they are quite close  though i was a bit disappointed about the 7th
@brigham oh! thank you!!   I'm just glad to not be shutting stuff across the street anymore.. it's a little slower w/ the unpacking tho!
@davethackeray  LOL! You saw that? Hahaha...was a fun day of exploration and experimentation! 
Good morning...good morning..good moooooorning 
Watching This Morning and deciding what to do with myself today. Think I'll keep searching for that elusive job! 
@LukesMummy He was a very good boy.  He looks even cuter now. If such a thing were possible.
An easter egg without the calories  http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=23359320
@Boddingtons  baby id try anything for the first time wi you... 
@TiphaineSiovel Do I have to Tell....LOL 
I Am Going To @lilyroseallen  So Keen! Come On June!
@LindseyLobo How did you know?? I LOVE it! 
TweetDeck Icons Annoyng your Desktop? CHANGE   http://tinyurl.com/dca4r7  (From Devianart  http://tinyurl.com/djg77b )
@TomFelton its amazing! I saw it on Broadway with the original cast. 
Leaving House now gonna switch to texts 
@nerer0cket dont worry we'll make the most out of it 
"@LaPrincipessa you SAU!  i stood up at 8. then off to offenbach, home. outside. sunshine. love you. "
"@judyk113 Yeah, we're going to have neither, but it's all good. Hope you do. "
Chillin 
"@harrietlulu how weird. yesterday, i was thinking I really wanted to listen to Christmas songs.. not so strange I think. "
"@beelarge ohhhhh um I hope mine comes sooooooooooooooooooon! Does it look goog, give it ere lemme hav a look! "
"@SociallyCubed i miss IRC culture, Twitter is like the mainstream version, without the trout slapping "
"@suesshirtshop Same to you, Sue! "
New Hip album today. Mine arrives in vinyl next week 
Is up at 7 am for no reason. Had a great day yesterday... hopes today is just as good 
thanks for the welcome Mark!! 
"@HeavenlyHev how was it, so I know what to expect? "
ooo apple store is down ... so close? Credit card ready 
"trying out Spaz for Twitter posts. love my DestroyTwitter, but it's easier to read Spaz! "
@polkadotbride He was slightly damaged to begin with so nothing to report there 
It's one of the perks of working for the NYSE Ger! 
@Leela89 was that reply to me or yourself? XD I wouldn't say you make many mistakes 
"@phatelara debbs, PW is up on MSE!  Congrats! "
"@TonyWade @iantalbot I'm a size 5, but I have to wear orthotics in my footwear if I'm attempting to walk so I can get away with a 6 "
@thefreerpgblog Glad you enjoyed it! 
"It snowed!  Okay, there's not enough to build Frosty, but it snowed. As long as it's cold, it might as well snow...Enjoy your day "
A tweet tweet here and a tweet tweet there! Goodniiiight!! 
"@marijamilovanov oh, hell yeah... but, that list should be made very passionately... oops, I ment patiently "
gonna go to school. be back around 4 
&quot;is in awe of everything she sees your way&quot; 
I jst sneezed twice. Me thinks there's at least one ghost in my house now. 
@D_Silver i saw your photos! hot! 
"w00t! Matt Elliot (Third Eye Foundation) playing GRV tonight  Early gig (first act 8.15, curfew 10.30), if anyone fancies?"
@royaltybites : SLUMDOG MILLIONAIRE! OMG. Or the new one by James Patterson 
Going to day care! Get to see hannah! This should be a good day. I hope so anyway. 
@Vince_Craine Glad to see you've toned down your sell.  Still like the software 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/2y9c6 - hide it well from everyone! 
time for some warsaw beer garden chilling 
We are open again today from 10:00 am til 7 pm.. come in and see us 
Just got out of the film. Had some giggles  I &lt;3 Colbert!
@jodonahue Yes it is! 
@theosoft What do you want to know about MODx cms? Maybe I can help you 
ok that dinner rocked 
@mickydodds Pretty much. Trying to follow the more interesting ones at the moment. 
@mousehunt hi 
@AuntieCelene I think I'm going to try making those newspaper thingies this year.  Got a lot of herbs to grow!  
"Seeing Eno on Thursday   Brian Eno &amp; J. Peter Schwalm ï¿½ Like Pictures, Pt. 2 (ntnet) ? http://blip.fm/~3xcys"
@debasispradhan hah &quot;if I don't have much time&quot;  good point 
just chillin =P i mean holidays.. nothing to do.. silence.. only me.. *haha* finally my relaxing time.. with a book  typical for me!! &lt;3
@maufeitioblog obviously 
is an awesome photographer 
@Cathay_Pacific just wanted to say a big thank you for being such a great airline. As a travel writer things like this mean A LOT! 
now time for mouse to mouse pad for a long long night ahead!  this is how you know you love it!
how many people does he wanna rip it out of really 
@meerajane I luv your blog too!  Fashion is &lt;3
@fisbeed get back to work 
#cloudforce is the top trend. I am surprised. But I couldn't have loved it more! 
i r so tired but i suppose thats what i get for procrastinating. damn i hate having my ego tied up in grades... i blame capitalism 
@Treenz22 @mynameislloyd @fritzanator Awesome time tonight. I knew you would check twitter before bed. Ha Ha 
@toodamnninja uhuhhhh.  word fail. it's 'shipwreck in the sand'. obviously too early 
"@MmmBaileys Have a good day Jessie, and I'll tell you for why, it's your birthday! "
"thanks to @Posh_Totty cant wait to get home from work tonight, for some reason "
forgot she had a twitter &amp; is pleased to know more people have joined. 
"@thesouthernstar ochie, kmaren nervous ya pas TU? Kliatan tau, pas aku dtg aku ngeliat ochie lg maen2in tisu sampe tisu'y lecek.. "
@JamesRandom ye!! But I still rather imagine my dad is some american superstar than just a bum ^^ it keeps me happy  
"@dylanphayes Woop! I'm keen to head to Sydney/Melbourne. Even if YYY come here, we should still roadtrip "
just got out of the shower. nothing says 'wake up' like body lotion in your hair 
@aprilmcvey whyy dont you update somemore mom!  HAVE A BLESSED DAY!
@Glinner   what about twittering your task @rtm
"@Peerug you been puffing on that dragon again, ey? "
I got twitter 4 my iPod touch  yaaaaaay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"@Pixieguts really???? why? Call superman, he can save you!!!! We need ya! "
is excited for two more sleeps any she doesn't have to wear the stupid goggles to bed anymore. 
@RLN49  Too funny!
@JayGee101 Glad to hear it! Im ok thanx 
@weinerburger haha it was alright. we ended up paying abt $900. and yes i am coming to school tmoro  oh oli pood tday! ;D
"@PickNicole  Yes, indeed. With copious amounts of whipped cream "
@MrsZee Go you 
HootSuite monetizing Twitter - shurely shum mishtake?  http://ow.ly/2g0Y
"ahhh!!! The Shoe throwing Tradition.. After Pakistan and Iraq, Now in India  http://bit.ly/s6lea"
"Hurrah! Someone is listening! Delay so long, have now missed meeting. Back home to walk dog and reschedule "
@xxandip uh oh i take it someone cant spell your name? im a katie and hate it when people put katy   x
Guess who just posted on Universal Causality? ME!  http://universalcausality.wordpress.com/2009/04/07/thoughts-in-the-mens-room/
@acummings Watching my figured this AM so no Maple frosted today.  Just the delicious DD coffee!
@TinaCook Morning Tina -  the fact is we'll do something with it.  Wouldn't it be great if it was something BIG?
Tuesday in the great metropolis of Hanover... what could be better 
is cleaning up. will start anew. 
@sophistifunk aye 
"@jasongaunt Yeah, lots of potential. I think they've been working on their own iPhone app for months now  How are you mate? Been a while!"
Had a nice lunch  time for some work now.
Brushin' mah teef.  Secularly.
@dandad a beautifully designed fully accessible HTML website 
"@JCred yeah, I thought HOllywood was teaching us to be GREEN, and now the top movie is about really really powerful CARS?  going FAST? "
"@MissGC : Yeah, I've seen his reply. Congrats, Dear!  You must be very happy! "
has only been awake two hours but would like to go back to sleep 
I just finished feeding Kayden his breakfast so now we are relaxing and watching Shrek.  
Michael Jackson is a sad existance of a man.. I've already met Alanis so Prince is my last hope.. Keep The Faith.. 
@Lady_Twitster Ah it's not the same since the old days when he of the orange-face was still around. 
@Chels_V morning 
"@monster344, how great is that? "
"@bwagy its good people like you, aren't scared to say the real tweets! transparency is shown for real! cheers "
@sputnick42 welcome &amp; good to see you! 
@beelarge I should have mine today then 
"Off to town now, see you later "
had a juice box this morning. You never know the joy a juice box can bring until you have one later on in life. 
@SLDalby Why YES  xx
just had lovely cuddle with Tali Virgo 
"Ruby, ruby, ruby, ruby!!!:  Just taken delivery of my new 'Beginning Ruby' book! Whoop whoop - another languag.. http://tinyurl.com/cd29ar"
"@suziam what 'bout something a bit more Lo-Fi.. Dictation  (failing that, one of those projected keyboards)"
"Short Stack, on home and away "
@avalanchelynn hello!! g'mrng!!  wuzup?!? hows twitterville while i was sleeping? evrythings cool? 
@ravogd my weird dreams are a part of my life now and make me who i am  xxxxxxxxx
@Mwmyn I would say philosophical 
God damn vending machines are so depressing -standing at them waiting for your sad little snack like some Pavlovian bitch! Happy Tuesday! 
@simonbigpicture Of course! I just don't trust any single source or filter of data 
@TdMPhotography Oh sorry would have replied earlier BUT was flickin thru my wonderful new book of ideas 
"@TomFelton Cash in the Attic is OK, I prefer Homes Under the Hammer, haha  I do love being off school..."
@nellclothing @TdMPhotography Crikey! Check out the Manfrotto worshipers! 
getting my english doneee!!!!!!!! ahh cant wait till holidays 
@Joshmadden - OMG THANKS FOR REPLYING TO ME  You just made me sooo happy!!! Please folow me...I've learnt so much from your blogs )
@BMkerchief I love each time up post an update. Ur profile picture is an amazing site let me tell u! 
"@jasonjdenis Good morning, Jason !!! Hope you're enjoying tweeting, my twitter friend ! "
@robcthegeek You forgot Dependency injection/IoC containers on your tech todo list 
@jordandossett tell me about it! we're going to try that PureSleep mouth piece on TV - will let you know if/how it works 
@EARom Voted for 'Entry #9 - ellisdabomb #4' - that was incredible...might have to play some FIFA now 
I saw deer in the backyard from my bedroom window this morning 
@elliottcable I prefer @poopdiary meself. 
"@mikedignammusic hey, your stuff's quite good  can you get it on itunes?"
@DonalMacIntyre ello  you were fab on DOI  im going to the tour tmwr cant wait!! xxx
my friends think i'm weird because i watch the news all the time....watching the news 
@R1B Too bad.  Make it a good show 
@squishynoms you did not get mumps so thankfully my life is spared WOOP 
@ilovetypography and in danish its &quot;rytme&quot; 
@acummings We have the location updated on the Dakno blog.  Always looking out for the REBC peeps! #REBCPHL
"@ekalavyab saw it smetime back , bloody creative it is "
i have to go now.... make up duty for tomorrow...... goodnight to all.... 
@RealRobBrydon can't wait for Friday.. I'm coming to see the recording! do you know who Friday's guests are yet? looking forward to it 
"@LisainDallas it's not 'nerd', Lisa, it's 'retard', remember?  Special Olympics?  I don't speak Austrian?    that guy is breathtaking.."
I'm sitting in Burger King with my whopper on the table in front of me 
"@thatalisongirl I think the ginger next door are having a fight, like a bad one! I don't know what to do "
"Good Morning!  With apologies to my MState friends, all I have to say is Woohoo!  Tar Nation!    Better luck next year, boys!"
"@wizbiff  i need a different job, if he is gonna chat all night. he's cute so i'll get over it "
embedding a google calendar into a site is actually seriously easy 
@Ingermaaike aww thank you 
Casual Tuesday again for train bf...he sat next to me today!! This has to mean I'm going to have a good day 
"@tikitosca New York, please "
@rabbitroodle And me too! *YAY!* GOOD MORNING!!! 
MEGA MONSTER MUNCH 
thanks #Aylesbury #Audi for very quick service in fitting shiny new number plates 
i just realized that in a month i can celebrate my birthday with watching the Wolverine movie then wwe Raw  nice timing
sat at home doing nothing? looking foward to bakewell next week though 
@Acrobat77 Select the tile option. It's a little square towards the bottom of the screen when you're changing the background 
@kissability I'm actually listening to Chopin in the dark right now 
but HA! Internet Explorer is being nice to me  Mozilla Firefox is mean.
@aamelia lots and many. I illegaly downloaded them (h) BUT then lost them all. so now I only haz whatev ones tozz emails me  why?
@ROBsessedBlog http://i42.tinypic.com/drbadi.jpg Mine. 
@PembrokeDave Just working matey but i'm off next week 
@Mendelt Goodmorning dude! long time no see 
@tweetie well that's impressive. Both spot 25 AND spot 26   http://twitpic.com/2yabd
@crystalweb and @sallyormond (Briar Copywriting)- an awesome combination 
@DarynKagan good afternoon from my part of world - Abu Dhabi (+4.00 GMT) 
At least its not raining today 
"@inspireinspire aw, I am so jealous! ) please, take me with you "
@callumfloyd Welcome to the jungle! 
"accidentally her whole rib cage...well, nearly half of it!  http://tinyurl.com/da72gp"
@bobbyllew That could have been embarrassing!  At least you remembered this time today and not this time tomorrow!   Small mercies!
--&gt; @katyperry in June (28) in Portugal!! I don't know... should I go? Or is just another catching song?!? 
got a crush 
@Shmerkle I went with CSI as my episode 3 of Dollhouse needed redownloading! Once that's done I can watch that then the rest 
@babydestiny24 What's Twitter?  OH!! This is Twitter.  Yea... My poor little birdie!  No! Here comes the FAIL WHALE!! 
"@ChildfreeOnline Yes, I would pay more to to fly on in a #childfree section "
@shalinique LOL!!! Twitter in IMAX in 3D tho? 
"@MalouBlom Ok I'm in Poitiers now at my moms, I'll be in Paris tomorrow, and in LA the day after... When do I see u? Back on may 9th "
@StarrGazr Yes mam! There's nothing like starting the day with a good song and a few dance moves 
@ghincapie ete is the best. greeting from switzerland and good luck 
"@Tsarnick Baby spinach, what's with you and babies? *Cough* Hannah *Cough* Oooh zing! "
"@Mendelt Good point, thanks, I think I never noticed because I am always looking to absorb info on DI/IoC "
@Axleuk it looks great - can't wait to read it 
"@laryissa In a fridge,  of course, carried by super-speedy pigeons "
"Set up a backpacking meet-up, May 8-10 at Reno - MN - NOT Nevada. lol... Should be fun to show group the caves and Mississippi views. "
starting new project! full of happiness 
@IMAGEN8 Aww ThAt'S CuTe....U MuSt HaVe A GrEaT GiRl 
@Emsy your daily pic update I see 
"@TomFelton It's SO GOOD! You'll love it  It's my favourite musical BY FAR, and the British cast are just mindblowingly good."
@ameir thanks love  you can support nc state since youre an alum and abbu taught there.  but not duke.  i'll stop cooking for you.
"@hippielove Feeling good today I hope. Feels like a good Tuesday to me, cross your fingers.  "
Im getting ready for school. It's the last day of LEAP testing 
"just finished meeting with Vincent Everts in Moscow, coincidence -- we're on the same plane back to Holland tonight. "
@mileycyrus Good Morning  I hope you feel better!
this girl in my english class just gave myself &amp; a few people free soda. roooot beerr 
back from break  on to continue what i was doing
@MmmBaileys @carli_chick Hello  x
"@ilovetypography Haha, you're right! Being a drummer I use the word regularly and always have to think for a second about the spelling.. "
@Mess_Jess oh is there cheese sauce with the cauliflower? Renet free? Cheese sauce makes anything edible 
i can't wait to see her again.. for dinner 
Looking forward to a relaxing week in Spain! 
@sarfoodie awwww! was thinking of you all day yesterday-hope day#1 was great!! 
"LOL SEO isnï¿½t rocket science, but keeping your site high in google is "
"My hair is cooperating today.  Bravo, Manda. Bravo."
I want a george bush. Someone should come pick me up. 
@Budjette @Budjette You have a thing for Tish? Makakarating sa kanya 
@miss_soup  ahahaha i lubbbb you 
spending the day with one of my favorite little guys... 
"@president24 - the DIY work was my initiative, however in my defense, it was my gf that wanted the shelf in that particular place "
@nrg07 Jadi minder. ) I'm at the section E along with my sister and some various friends 
@hannityhater Have you seen the Ed Show yet?  It's all the things you want to say and more! (But with no expletives.. )  
@aplusk No poor people IN Monte Carlo. It's illegal 
@d1sxeyes assuming you're still asleep  I've woken + showered but feeling absolutely knackerrred. So I might sleep again...Keep me posted!
sucht andere Beauty-Experten 
presenting my speech today...wish me luck! 
HUGE moon on the western horizon in Fort Worth this morning 
"I really love coda, you should love to "
"Documents documents documents. Loving them, now sorting through them "
is sweaty after a hard wok out so off 4 a shower!!!!!  x
"@melsheppard thats ok then  fuck everyone else ;) (actually, you were one i thought i had)"
Just watched the &quot;Flutter - The New twitter&quot; video.   - http://bit.ly/GYKtn
@Billy3G Well that's what school is about: getting your beauty sleep befor the long night ahead.  Been there done that &amp; Miss it!
Gonna watch Twilight before bed  *miss ko si prinsipe simpatika.. haha* Good MorNight! &lt;3
"Have started using youtube &amp; vimeo more, need friends/subscribers! www.youtube.com/user/zinziii &amp; http://vimeo.com/zinziii  #fb"
yAAAYY! it worked!  I know how to do more things now!
"@angesbiz  call me in the morning hon, any time after 6am is perfectly normal in our house  check your DM too"
"@xlakeeffectkid gahh i'll be in london all week, you should come to london and see hey chris with me  ftw!"
@SECNET but good-quiet I hope 
"still up!this sounds really weird,but im not tired, sooooo yea "
"EURUSD Bulls, Hang in There!  http://twurl.nl/k64a1z"
@divadoll123 they don't really think he's brilliant.. they just are relieved he's not 'evil' like we are..  
"I'm getting the LG Viewty 2moz, hopefully! "
needs a catchy status message. Can't think of one... so... how about... &quot;hi...&quot;   ?
@knealemann wonder when they'll get out of &quot;beta&quot; re: gmail is five. 
@Surge_N is that when we arrived then? 
"helping ExpressDaily.co.uk climb Google hill. We've climbed another couple of steps, now No. 33 out of 68,800,000 "
@thesomeex Why thank you 
@Lyteworks anytime sis 
About to buy sway sway baby tickets. Hope theres some left. 
@jfer32075 i'm in rome and we felt a bit the quake but luckily nothing happened to people and buildings   karma baby!
so i'm up! lol getting ready for another enthusiastic day at school!  ugh! so boring!
Time to get ready for work! 
@andymihail foarte posibil 
@RSessions Yup. &quot;and&quot; is many times a more interesting AND better word 
haha  what laughs kirsty.
"@jaredleto Hi!  Just got back home from work. I'm about to have lunch. And no, I'm not a vegan... Sleep tight! xxx"
just arrived at school traffic was terrible! English &amp; History trimesters then off for 2 weeks 
@BW101 i know riight 
"Finished my attempted at manual labour, time for shower and nice lunch "
Bonjour tweeple 
... going to do sweatlodge soon... high time  ---- Gran Madre del amor  tlatzocomate tlatzocomate tlatzocomate
@DjRioBlackwood   
You may have heard @DanSchawbel's book is out today  Here's my review of it for UniversityChic.com: http://universitychic.com/node/4063/
"So What video is on.  I love Pink, but I do love Mr. Hart a little more. "
"@MissxMarisa haha, anyway that's *my* word! *I* zing people! only the Tsar may zing "
need a laugh? read my background  i wish i had a seven year old mind
it works  re: http://ff.im/1Yb1B
"@Siffie_Gates : Yay! XD Thank you  Psst, psst, do you who's that handsome man sitting in the corner? LOL! XD"
"@Mendelt I just like to list the possible options, so I can google, compare and then decide what I would like to try first "
is home sweet home and got an 81% on her bio exam .. i love uni 
Surely enough personnel on there to prevent  a third world war 
Jazz spam? &quot;You can have more sax&quot; 
@jdbruton thanks jd  its great to connect with you too!
Just been chatting all about O2 Broadband  - I'm very impressed 
"@ziv and @nathanlipson comparing # of followers at yet another arcaffe, with @maayancohen as a witness.  Hardcore journalism "
@QueensOfVintage Nice site   http://snurl.com/fen2t
@InnerBrat of course I do!  I'm not back in London until the end of the month though.
@laurenevail go free trade - I love &quot;Just Us!&quot; brand 
@wizardgold it really won't be that exciting you know 
@ankitb4u i guess so....maybe i can get some rest today but then again probably go to the gym after work... 
"@DaydreamLily :O You read my mind, that's what my post today is about...better finish it up publish it soon! "
time to wake up auntie to get some yumm yumms goin 
I'm back (on Twitter)!  Just had an amazing week on the Andaman Islands 
@Pon_and_Zi  thanks
Planned a trip to Palawan on Thursday  One of the most beautiful megadiversity places on this planet. Can't wait to be there.
@JoanneRK  No Had a huge fry up lol 
@davethackeray  Hahaha! Sorry...was having a mad moment! Most of my painting jeans have hand prints!!! Too funny! I'm a messy painter! 
@PercythePigeon Thanks for that 
"sometimes the universe just doesn't want you to have falafel. when that happens, just order pizza "
Is boreddddddddddddd  and waiting 
"@suesshirtshop I am doing great, thank you!! "
when are we going to Sweden again...?? haha 
"@Trekkygeek it is a bit, but still better than nothing "
"@giordanobc  Too late. I meant it in a positive way though, but make-up artists and hair stylists can make people look very different!"
@rationalacademy I dig your tunes 
"@JCred I believe it..  the Prius is the 2nd car, rarely leaves the garage.. mostly it's the Ferrari.. "
@trianglechris YUM what do you guys think you're gonna serve?   
parents just bought a brand spanking new car.  and im happy because of galaxy caramel chocolate. i love it.
"Oh, and by the way -- I Am Not A Recruiter.  Just looking for 1 lucky intern "
"starting a new day! my eyes hurts... look like a rabbit, 'cause they're red hehe. I'm a easter rabbit "
@Aural_Fixation Hmm not so sure about he mum effing bit.. but you might be on to something 
"@lesanto Smashing!  Relatedness to W&amp;G is taken into account when judging, but any stop-motion work is welcomed by the W&amp;G community "
@brendonuriesays What are you doing in london?  x
@stuartCalder you're welcome  it's the whole dog and barking thing innit? Lol! x
Haha watching skins. I feel like listening to short stack 
"@breanaphillips  lol wait, so many things  ! lol"
@rebeccaspain it was my joy to bring it over. 
is going shopping... and can't be bothered to feel guilty about spending the money 
keep twittering and facebooking!!!    http://www.telegraph.co.uk/a/5093060
no big boss today though...YAY.... 
@TomOKeefe1 Good night Tom! Have a good Tuesday. I'll let you know how Wednesday goes 
"@FiFIG03 awh, well you being able to make it is good enough for me  i'm still deciding about the pizza, we'll see when the day gets closer"
@TheCinematics Welcome to the revolution 
had a good night last night;cant wait til wednesday... 
"@greedydancer Good luck, then... for the meaning of life thing. And twitter too "
@MissDibbs good morning miss 
"@hayl3s ehehe  soo.... i love him, ill shoot the open happiness into my veins with him yeah haha"
has got herself a extra job as a photographer  
@lizzyval I added pgatour.  Do I get some PROV's for it?  
blahh getting read to go to school..gotta get thru today then 2 more days till the long weekend. 
"@iheartthatdance u14 Niamh B, Michaela H, Rebecca S.  U15 Sarah P, Katie H, Katherine R, Allison C. I know those for sure "
"Follow me, hustlers "
Looking forward to publish a paper on developing APIs  @mdekuijper Hopefully at ICSR or other...
just had a lush bath 
Good day tweetsters. I will blogging within the next day or two. Hope it goes well like my last effort  x
@Willie_Day26 
"has got a new phone, and a new number, the new number is 9 3000 920, because I'm just that awesome "
@rewebcoach Dimples smilin' back are the best !  Good morning 
Listening to music from the iphone with this http://www.griffintechnology.com/products/aircurve so awesomeeee! 
While You Were Sleeping @Katchooo has written about her 4am photo experience http://is.gd/r5D3 
"Oh yes, I will be hall monitor!! Yeah-huh!! "
On my way to school.  Gonna get Erica H. Suspended 
....And for the record: the Dawkin-brand atheist bigots are just as emetic as the religious zealots 
@rocknrod I didn't have the day off..but my radio co-host always takes the day off. Opening Day is an official holiday for him 
"If anyone wants copies of the IOC benchmark with Hiro, send me a direct message and it shall be yours "
@GottaBeAndrew Its awesome thankyou 
Coffee.  Must get coffee.  Cool morning in Eunice.  40.  Going to be hitting 80 this weekend.  Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice.  
"@officialTila yes its fine to give your dog milk, my dog LOVES milk too haha "
"@neilwarner I'll give you that, but it's only good for a treat. Diet Coke is the way forward "
@JonathanRKnight Do u still have that orange shirt and the orange Jacket???  xx
The twitter task.. It exists... who used it? And why?  Just curious http://is.gd/rbjr
"For the record (I assume @cycleclothing is interested since they just followed me): cycling is A-B, minimum fuss, normal clothes "
"@tomfelton You can come to Sydney, much better than Melbourne, and stay with me! It'd be great fun  we'll go out, enjoy the sun"
@adindaxton nyeheheh :p i know how it feels then 
cast partayyyy. woot woot. people setting up say HI to twitter world 
@matsing Ah. I like Ruby... Each to his own I guess. 
"Drinking orange juice, eating viscount "
Can't wait to see the Full Service tour. Thanks for coming back.  
Broken window fixed  What to have for lunch?
@harveyparadox SUshi is good thanks 
Askem is liked his walk to April's house   Hope it's nice out tonight... http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/742943
"@meetsamer with a lens 18-105 , the reseller such a sweet guy, will deliver it to me to the office directly "
"@stephenfry Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam, Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home...  Have a nice day wandering!"
"@WoIIe @brettjohn doesn't know him, I already asked. "
@sbcalfee the water instead of milk was pregnancy brain 
http://www.swoose.net/IRISHDANCING/2009/WorldsMonday/target123.html Do I ever wish I could see the front better! She looks lovely  #widc
@SP_MediaSiren surely it's only ginger who's pregnant..... 
Billy Mays on radio this AM:  Life's a pitch and then you buy.   Cute.
"whoa! lil bro just woke up, he is grumpy, but thats just his default mood in the morning. i should go tick him off "
....I have a non-stop week...and I like it 
crunchy peanut butter is 100x better than smooth peanut butter.  i dont know how anyone eats smooth PB. except for reese's of course 
"@limburger2001 No no, catch up now!  I' home now YAY! "
@niclas well that would make sense.. But I want a new 30&quot; 
"@boomtopper it doesn't work in parallels, performance sucks in vmware, and I don't want to reboot for a lunch shooting spree "
@MussoMitchel Cool BIO. 
Fresh radishes and rabbit patï¿½ for lunch. With gorgeous crusty sourdough bread 
@BW101 i had baked salmon with grated potato and mustard  twas rather tasty
"it hit me like a ray of sun, burning thru my darkest nights. you're the only one that i want, and i'm addicted to your light. "
Thanks and welcome to all of my new followers 
@crazydaizy9 good girl... I am going walking later....  Need to build up my endurance... lollll 
Passed my L's today!! 
@gonereading Are you trying to make me even bigger-headed??? If you pick some good people to follow you soon see the benefits! 
listening to Taylor Swift - White horse...... LOVE IT! plus watching Two and a half men 
@cybster That is nice - I admit 
Getting ready for work. Got to sleep in today though 
@livingrocknroll tampines1 opens this thursday i heard. let's all go after OL Refresh with Timah and Mumu and Sarah!  LOLERZ
global campus internet nya down. global gimana maksudnya boss? 
got himself into something interesting...would be challenging but keeping fingers crossed 
"not really getting the hang of this day... an oldie but goodie, makes you smile (and look for some in your own garden)  http://is.gd/rblO"
just bought latest edition of OXM. Going to give that a good on my lunch break. 
"school soon...  meeting with statistics Canada afterwards, mitchell over tonight "
@mparaz Sounds like a good weekend to spend. 
@silverSpoon though not that actively .. so this should be handy enough for that 
@thehoosiersuk http://twitpic.com/2yafi - p.s. nice table 
BETTER THAN MYSPACE 
"Had a great night. Excited about semi formal, dunking booth, and a big opportunity coming up. Ericka and i had a sleep over, too!! "
I just ordered an iMac!!! A refurbished 2008 model. 
@GreigWells The gym has been a great source of idea generation and fermentation for me 
Just checked the score of the game. Glad I didn't spend any time watching it. Unlike tonight when I'll watch no matter what 
not going to school today. 
@Sn0wrose I know! What an adventure! 
"Hope, Iï¿½ve found the real Demi Moore - I love you, wonderwoman!! "
@KDeLaRiva lol -thats a good update. have a good day  Gia hopes
@tonistack immature assfaces. but ohhhmygod. tonight was amaziiing 
woo  I am having a bed picnic 
"bought halo 3 for ï¿½10 yesterday, opened box and Halo Wars was in there instead  EPIC WIN!"
@cutoutandkeep Love your buttons. I'm looking at doing a few projects so I'll sign up to cut out and keep. It looks like fun 
Heh Seth Rogen playing the straight role in this makes it even more funny - Like a Boss.   http://bit.ly/iP9iz 
@MmmBaileys See ya later have fun! 
"@JayStephens  can i ask who made them, and what it cost you? I'm curious to see where PV prices are going "
@kellysays nooooo but im AWAKE had some tea 
Time again to head North for a few days !!! however just one test this week 
@DarkPiano thank you! I hope your day continues on a positive note. 
going to paint my nails then get some foood 
@howlingeverett am just happy that people are getting into the prototyping and modelling half decent models in 3DS max already 
@jasondilling don't expect we will get that far so soon. Only just reached Newtown  how much is the toll?
Psyched for the road trip this weekend 
is laughing at Keeping up with Kardashians.... LOL... no happy hour where you're going 
@Zanna85 SEXY LONG BLACK HAIR  oh man...why'd you have to go there? XD
"pe notes, and tlkn to alex "
"@Chrysanthemum Oh, no! That's got to be disappointing. Maybe Little Wicket will decide to come on &quot;his&quot; own today! "
"@MattShaw ooooh, i want more cool stuff "
@garry1bowie I'm o2 pay as you go ï¿½7.50 a month unlimited t'internet and 300 texts 
"@fredrikth latest n95 rom is about 120 meg, and the downloader will abort after 3 tries. no prob for u i guess "
For all those who asked her name is Amma.  Like the Indian spiritual leader.
"In case you wonder, I just changed my username on here to @simplychrista...since it is simply me "
@hyperstruct more cool shell stuff  - Higher-order shell http://tr.im/in3W
is extremely happy to get a Symbian Developer Certificate 
"@MagpieSparkles Aww! Well maybe one day you will get around to it, then you'll love it, I swear "
Fresh radishes and rabbit patï¿½ for lunch. With gorgeous crusty sourdough bread 
@SarahStewart cool - being cool gives you every excuse to winge abt cold 
@Imagine_This all things good hey! sorry about the sore muscles but body beautiful is painful!  are you well otherwise?
"my last dayin the office... tomorrow, im staying at home to pack. "
@frannis wow my ninja! at least you'll be ready for worship leader school after.. chaha  PASTOR FRANCIS RRRRRRRRIGOR!
@sheslykeomg hi pumpkin!  How are you?!
Is getting Ready for another day of school. Wish Me luck. I?U-All 
had a lovely dinner with some gfs to celebrate my school mate Bec's bday today. Nice to catch up with them over some interesting convos 
"@SwandaG if you find one, please pass it on "
"enjoying half term, a new house and a new life "
I can't really remember a time without Google anymore 
"@brokenbeat Wow- Corn-based food chain? Omnivore's Dilemma must be an interesting book! BTW, breathing New Media Air is always fresh "
@mileycyrus pooor Miley =/  Be stronng  . Love you so much ?
@treffin I've been attending tea parties for the last 8 years...slow to the party dude.     not trying to start a donkey v. elephant war.
I thought it was going to rain today but instead the sun is shining and it's beautiful here in Leeds 
"@delph003 That's a wonderful idea  After all, the CVTF500 is all about nurturing talent so what better story than supporting a new career!"
@anmnlutwysdt Some of the compilers are missing or 'un-known'. It's pretty much fixed now 
@fuzzyinkdesign A Tim Tam shaped beanie! They'd want to pay me to wear that LOL Funny 
"Working hard and listening to all of my &quot;it's oh so quiet&quot;, soft and mushy... blip list...  http://blip.fm/3zamar"
@benbutterworth Congratulations! 
i hate boys.. not men.. BOYS officially lesbian  haa
@fossiloflife @adapaavi @far1983 3pm-4pm would be best... enuf time to laze around and then watch the sunset too. 
Done  accomplished and yet... nervous x]
its quater to 10. i am a little tired which is a big shock since i got hardly any sleep last night!! lol 
@twinkleboi He's waiting for you - with his mates 
Sun .... no sun ... sun .... no sun ....sun ... freeze you motherf*cker ... just stay there and light my day 
"listening to queen, cheaa "
Good Morning New York! It's a crispy 41 degrees out there. Bundle up! 
thinks it is time for bed. Man!!! the sun is coming up and I can hear people already leaving for work. Goodnight twitter bugs. 
@blogviet Give me your ticket number and I'll take a look personally. 
relaxin. 
@JoanneRK Ah so @michaelgrainger is a gentle subtle flirt. I shudder to think what I am ... LOL so funny 
"@karoleenka Karolinka , i promise to stay away  Get some rest."
@Idaho_Airships doh!  #followfriday
"wonders if norwood hyper has any pesach stuff left, havent done my shopping yet "
@sandieb321  Your not half bad so we will call you 22 then ok lol 
is solving circuit and communication problems. you may enjoy the weather instead of me 
Good night Twitterverse. Have missed you all today with my running around. Looking forward to #Canucks bounce back game tomorrow 
@archelina though I guess they have as much right to demand animal products in their diet as you have to demand no animal products 
New Eminem video....just like the old days kicking around  http://tinyurl.com/dbxh3t
@seanometer Awesome scotch pic  Thanks for that one. I kept it simple with a glass of JWB when I got home.
"@nonafairuz and he planned to bond you together with him, haha what a life "
Ok ... so ... What can i do on a Saturday night in Vienna ?? please tell me ! i will really apreciate suggestions  (Meanwhile: my ipod)
"@british_girl I would challenge you but it's a bit too far to the competition venue. I never get hangovers either. Ahhh, bliss. "
@Clarrisani you've only just noticed??? 
"@sineadcochrane Yeah... Maybe give very high level stuff, and then details if you get it. Something like that. Brain not working 2 well. "
should be getting her passport interview done tomorrow. 
"@whitneyhess If you'd like your audio from the Summit, can you send me an email jeff.parks@iaconsultants.ca  Many thanks! "
@jon8737 sounds like my night! hope you rested well anyway 
house-tv.org ready to use. But what to do with it? 
"I am sick :S but life goes on ;D going to the hairdresser in like half an hour  *yay* finally ((: love you all &lt;3 50 SUBS LEFT UNTIL 3,000"
@mileycyrus Hii! you are amazing ...I wish I could meet you 
New LinkMe is beginning to look like something 
"@barefoot_exec 'mornin, have a great day. "
Happy now because of this one 
@RobKardashian with as much working out u do a day.. I would be tired too! But I'm awake bright n early.. Ready to go to the gym...  bye!
@MissxMarisa Haha I called them bat fags and they shut up lol. I'm in bed and not sleeping eithe 
"Quite funny  but kids, remember, the blocky effect may obfuscate visually, but can be easily reversed - http://ow.ly/2g28"
"Wefollow wants me to tweet - ah well, never been forced to tweet. But here we go "
@TizzyEnt thanks bunches I love waking up to compliments 
@kusasi THANK YOU!!!!! 
@txroadshow Morning! 
morning family!  i think i lost 10lbs.. i havent weighed myself but i can fit into these pants without inhailing &amp; exhailing troubles 
"thought he fixed his sleep schedule, but is about to sleep at 5am again. At least I don't have to catch a flight today  go Louiville Women"
school D : FUCK im gonna be late. LIKE ALWAYS ! well atleast i have one more day of school  on the down side i can't go meet my idol.
nothing special  ...
@Lurquer LOL - I never thought of that concept. LOL - mighty confusing 
@1Day2BEAwesome Send me an email [my twitter name]@gmail.com and we can talk about it. 
"I think I'm starting to wake up, showers are good! good morning "
"@tidertechie Sadly, yes! "
@Moonflowerchild oh god. how can something as simple as Twitter be so complicated 
"@FunKnjaZZy I understand. You know how it goes: different people, different taste! "
"9 weeks 'till Le Mans!!  So near, yet so far. :/"
"@zoecello, if they are truly friends they will understand. On the other hand, this is where invisible friends are handy.  "
"@abarkerwoof No it's okay I get the gist. I assume it's not actually DM, or is he really down in funds and we're not helping him? "
"OMG! The best 80's leopard rara dress ever, don't want to sell it  xxx"
"@belllareow okay, so im a bitch cause of my message;) sorry  you ily me  x"
@Teresamerica Indeed.  You should read my posts on global warming.  Just do a search on my site for &quot;global warming&quot; and have fun.  
"implementing imprint, TOS and all those necessary things you need for a nice web app "
Off to my second day temping at Novak Birch 
@Jessica_Stanley   your welcome!
@TheaAndrewsET somehow that doesn't surprise me that Rob is charming.  lucky girl!!!!    when does the interview air?
@Stacy_Koerner &amp; @tbalding  Just wait.  I've got the best feeling about this year.  And my feelings are usually dead on. 
@destraynor So maybe twitter *should* cut down to 11 chars per tweet 
En route to oboro for work and chrisam mass. Yay.  
@shylands i agree with mark. tweeting takes priority over work at times....helps with the stress levels lol 
@lkenner yes he did drain us but hes so worth it 
@one800higgins @timebear I still think that seeing Battles at Milestone right after Mirrored came out was one of my top 5 shows EVER. 
"@HallyMk1 Yes, you do need a pint in your hand if you are attempting an RL-SL event. Good point. "
Good morning tweeps! 
the cool thing with the Giampaolo PC hunter ad (http://tinyurl.com/cbhhqu) is that now everybody knows how to pronounce my name 
@gimboland hello  did you pick up a flyer at the eco fashion show?
is off to give my kiddies a wonderful dose of an egg hunt this morning before the Easter Break!  Wish me luck!   
@RAZNKN you going to any of the NIN/JA shows this summer? 
@barefoot_exec now i think yes 
humm no support for remote cvs history in opengrok 0.7 ...  guest i have to wait for 0.8!! 
Lady Gaga concert was the best concert in the universe! Holy shiiiit 
@_kim_ber_ly_ Same to you! 
"@davethackeray  It's my first attempt, but I think I like printmaking "
@phinnia I love your good-night message. Even though I read them in the morning! 
@Billy3G Well i think it's cute and &quot;clean&quot;!  I love the &quot;clean&quot; look O 
so... i'm new to this  I love when holidays come around but they can be totally boring :S
@PManiac lol. So much for discreet piracy 
@policymonk I read the funnies first. Puts the day in perspective 
@LimaBeantheGrey yes I do. I LOVE it! 
???????? ???  (???????) is such a gorgeous and catchy song! Beautifully written! Love the movie as well! 
@MidlifeMeltdown I'm only a lttle bit strange 
"We need to leave soon, or we will certainly miss the train. We don't want to leave, but don't tell Gurpreet that. "
Pilot just mad fun of me for being nervous on last nights flight. Eff you Kiper.  eff you.
"@DLRodgers @WSPNews And here I'm grousing about mid-50s, partly cloudy and windy. At least we have no white stuff. Spring WILL come! "
Big cloud over Harlem but the sun's gonna come out 
Gooodnight x After tomorrow i will be free! 
Laptop is fixed  New Battery &amp; AC Adaptor = Sorted.
@far1983 PUBLIC PUBLIC 
@topsurf good luck! 
@JenntheRed I get it...like a cold shower with just a little hot thrown in??? 
@Herne2 err... thanks and to return the favour i am wearing black and grey checked boxers 
"77 Kids - Dress A Bird?  Maybe a fun way to engage kids with the brand, but I'd rather have a deal!    http://is.gd/rbqv"
"nicely achy after great indoor climb sesion last night at The Castle, followed by much deserved kronenburg and pad thai "
"Got enough stamps for a free coffee today, so got myself a large Mocha "
"@whiteley I hand it back and say &quot;This is a 'do-over'.&quot; Yup - never happy, but the next time... much better results. "
@CHRISDJMOYLES Hello Chris. Did you know that the genuine &amp; validated Cheggers is on Twitter? @thekeithchegwin 
"Field trip with Blake today.  STILL can't believe Kutner died on House last night. Yeah, @christinalph   who you speak of?  "
@summerrainx  I actually had to Google it up. Wow. They actually have those in my country. Real nice. It's definitely on my wish list now.
"G'Morning, Twitterati! "
"@katieki I need one of those too, let me know if you find a good deal "
@manuelsagra definitelly  sometimes it fails ( as mostly any other service)... but still in beta???  which is the roadmap then? 
@zen_habits Effed liked your book too  http://effedifiknow.posterous.com/book-review-the-power-of-less-leo-babauta
@arleigh You must have gotten the same Converse e-mail from Zappos that I did. 
i have just been woken up grrr was having a nice dream too 
"Got my cuppa &amp; bikkies  Yummy, just like Ryan Ross."
Good Morning! All it takes iz 2 dots &amp; a line to make stuff adorabl  http://bit.ly/qlI4
@Dalevich my husband used Chantix. Smoking the patches didn't help 
@miafreedman that Ivor Tossel quote is fabulous!! 
@Teucher A few more months indeed 
"yeyyy, the clouds are moving, suns coming outtttt "
@thuu .. it got me a coffee 
I want to buy a photo booth 
"is at work and ready to take on tuesday! sad loss for us michiganders last night, but not gonna ruin my day lol. "
Thinks that I may be in love with the wunderradio app. Thanks JR. 
is indeed going offline and watching this movie. 
"@kalinga you will eventually end up been a iPhone fan, i guess "
Rock vs Hogan @ Wrestlemania X8...most touching wrestling moment I've ever seen 
@fragileRB i love u too babe!! With u its always fun! 
"@dreese Really good, love the speed increased - uploaded a 1.2gb iMovie project without me even noticing. Crossed 100gb backed up now "
Thinking of buying a netbook? Watch the GS's netbook 'mini adventure' here http://nn.nf/5584 for inspiration 
Time to wake up the family and start this amazing day 
"@SpiritSurfer I see it more as dormant. If you await the time, you will play on both sitar and guitar. You know intuition will help alot "
@vampirefreak101 J'ai 20 ans 
"The movie Bridal Wars is a lame story, but it's hilarious and suitable as a  time killer  "
Where's all the traffic gone in the morning? I seem to be breezn' to work every day... not that I'm complaining 
"Packing parcels and drinking cups o'tea. The sun is shining, what a wonderful day! Updating Krafty Blogs later...  x"
"stupid nasty cold weather, i want spring to STAY ALREADY!  meetings and kiddos all day "
@smileyeily No worries 
@Foodimentary I read your post really fast and thought it said &quot;national coffee day&quot;. Was wondering how I was going to slice my cup 
@redalexred I WILL 
@paulawhite IMHO discreet means secretive thus &quot;diplomatic? discrete = separate/individual etc? I'm a word freak also 
later I'm going to the hairdresser     *I'm happy*
Off to work!!!... Enjoy your day my friends! 
"@mileycyrus aw, i'm sorry. but that was really cute. "
@matahati I did oh patient one! you will hear back today 
@dtmafiaofficial i think you should have a second person too 
"@kristenkreuk Kristin, you're the best! Simply amazing. "
Is in Athens 
"Hello imsondag glad to see ya here! I will follow you now. Btw, nice background!! "
@TorchwoodCF Hey  Do you have any idea when the new season of T.W. starts? Hope your having a good day
"- Finally my darling daughter &amp; my loving husband are in Goa, India and thus our family vacation begins "
@StarrGazr Heh so snow melting and fulll rivers.  spring in full forc before the flowers are out.
"Man it must be years since I've heard this song, I've missed it WAY more than I thought..oh, the memories of being a tweenie. "
@kusasi I will prepare the cake ;-) When is it again? Planning weekends now and hope to come and watch 
"@mysteriousblog Aww.. School can get a little monotonous/suck, but cheer up!  I kind of wish I could go back to high school.."
@shiraabel EY. BE NICE. I&quot;m from Texas.  And I will one day be a famous country singer and you will be proud to say you know me. 
i'm eatingggggg .. 
Back to yï¿½ga... 
@portman65 yes 
I want to go on a rollercoaster! With carmen 
@ralphiethedj not yet I have .8 Is it better?  I much prefer the iPhone version.  But I don't have an I phone 
@bottc ah very cool! I very much want to go but never seem to have the money during ticket buying season. Should be awesome 
Day 6 in vientiane. Our IT lesson went well today. Finished the whole website exercise already. Received good feedback frm them. 
"New here   I'm from Sweden,  so I don't have perfect english "
"@minhhiept Mistakes in writing are ok, right?  I just want to practise a little daily-life-English."
says bye  text text nalang ;) http://plurk.com/p/n1jyd
@raytoro thanks for sharing the Nicole Dolci story on your website  my mom cried when she read it.
@alyssabernal any chance of you coming to australia? ;D i'm going to see passion this coming monday! can't wait 
"http://twitpic.com/2yav2 - the puppy, aka Vader, 70 some odd pounds of bouncyness "
@MkRob once I have my coffee it will be a better than good morning 
@IQChile Welcoem to Twitter you Tweet 
"need to dry my hair, then off to market! I hope the British man has sausage rolls today for the English husband "
@amhce4 I am really excited about dress code 
Phillies game tonight! 
"Yeah thats right, i am eating chocolate at 730 am. "
@megiwms Thats not a bad idea!!! 
chattin to peeps and feeding my cat 
@ItalyJames I don't know. I think the brain needs sleep too. 
"@tweetninatweet zomg it's Nina  Welcome to twitter, and it's like facebook but only the updates bit!"
@vernieman I've got a wedgy. Does that count? 
"@hollyalyxfinch Oh, Holly!  Take no notice of these morons - we think you're wonderful and very talented "
lord Ike likes Easter too 
@Iossif i would love to betatest tweetie for mac *wink wink*  @tweetie  Me too!! 
"Josu3Hello @imsondag glad to see ya here! I will follow you now. Btw, nice background!! "
@ThirdSectorLab I know  He really was bucking the trend.  Any longer on the train and it would have been annoying ...
"@pjakobs as in, someone would figure out how to access the mp3s without actually paying for them. "
Today I'll go to my flat in Potsdam. There's not much time left to prepare for tomorrow... Nice weather 
@VMDoug I see you got the luxury suite. 
"off towatch homestar runner, have fun goys "
@ahj Hello Aled. Did you know that the genuine &amp; validated Cheggers is on Twitter? @thekeithchegwin 
ffmpeg hall of shame =&gt; http://www.ffmpeg.org/shame.html 
is hoping Duke doesn't wake up for another hour! 
I GOT TO SEE RONNIE THIS MORN.  GOOD MORN KIMMM =]]
"Photo: katie-: welcome right back. Thanks for the follow back. Haa, sup  Not muchï¿½ Still working in the... http://tumblr.com/x3x1ju5ok"
@grex78 I hope your day gets better 
"sooooo, I had a **dream** that I was at mile 92 of a 100miler....wonder what this means, lol!!  #dream #ultra"
@alun High stakes then 
@liatvardibar Itke is not a fb or twtr guy... so I really don't mind about the Vardi name 
"@VMDoug Hey, its crisis for everyone "
@lecrab Why? Tell me! 
"@rwatkins82 My family is too, but i believe it is more of a feat for your WHOLE family to be on FB than mine "
@bradmoss love it 
"@adamcurry If I make a song sampling your @noagendastream , will you sue me? "
"@TwittyWoman Oh, well then OK.  Usually when I think FL, I think warm and beautiful. "
"@joannyyx3 Haha, you have to bless me, I sneezed! :] Lucky coz of babycakes ? &lt;3 TWITTER IS FUNNNNNNNN "
good morning. smile &amp; have a blessed day. (i'm feeling v. spiritual this AM). peace be with you. 
"@CosmicFaery Yup definitely worse..although we're not an island. Caithness is where John o Groats is...big skies, big water and rainbows "
@Carmillia Quite comfy actually.  &lt;3 the scrubs.
"@Zendikar: Eh, wait til next week when official previews start. Then you'll have stuff to talk about! "
Chilly out this morning but lots of rabbits for the doxies to chase in the yard. I hope they don't actually catch one. 
"@TomFelton Wow, you're online RIGHT now! "
"@mimidoogi good good  and yay for not sleeping. i did that once, it was like 9am and i guess i just *forgot* to sleep :p"
@JayLostprophets H YEHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I KNEW U WERE PLAYING  XX
at vocalcoaching by Irma  tonigh Studio!!! Come and get a drink! X
I have registered F1FTW.com as the domain for the Fantasy F1 competition 
HRC's Director of Religion and Faith Programe Harry Knox to be on Pres. Obamas Faith Based Council - two thumbs up to that one 
@emma1312 its great  cant beat going to the pub - although always makes me feel tired!
@TomFelton you bragged! The pancake god is getting even with you 
@IndieLette i no seems to be working today. 
does anyone know when True Blood starts on FX in the UK? I know it's this month. I really want to see it! 
"On another note, had hair cut today. It looks alright but i could have gone shorter and less layers but liking the full fringe "
"If anyone else takes me stalking them on Twitter as 'the highest compliment', please send me your username and I will get on it for you. "
@jameskay83 Well what the hell do I know?!  We can still get our away goal in two weeks time 
"Back from a surprisingly quick 5 miler, given the weekend's excesses "
is going back to londonnnn 
Note to self... don't tweet before drinking your morning cup of coffee. 
is out eating ice cream with her beau. First day of sunshine  give me more.
@vintagepizza awhh poor you mine are all in the afternoon  massive early mark fo me ;D
"Good morning.  Sleepy, cold and someone coughed on my coffee but I'm still smiling  (barely).  "
@_J3DI_ no just someone being creative about ot 
Up wayyy too early... I hate 8 AMs! Had a rather good night's sleep tho surprisingly enough 
"@slipandstumble Ah, I see! Get the hard stuff over and done with too.  And you'll do FINE, k?"
Just heard the funniest thing... my nephew doing a gremlin laugh LMAO!! 
Yay devin slept all night and woke up at 7 
"More cherry blossoms, at night.   http://twitpic.com/2yazf"
@amysav83 OK but the offer is all ways there! 
"@ShannonLeto Great in here, hope youï¿½re the same and the songs r amazing which i think itï¿½ll happen "
Actually ive been wanting to be able to put dowwn my thoughts as im thinking them for years now. So this is just what i needed 
"Wow... The Hit List is awesome. A little sad I bought Things before MacHeist. Oh well, my bundle was free this year "
Voting for Tony Pulis    http://www.teamtalk.com/ (underneath the table on the left)
Didn't eat Mango for a long time! I just ate two  YUM-O!
three more days until California and Tova time! 
"@blumarten close/above words came in the post today, lush "
"@spr33 - I'm so sorry, but I lolled. Have you eaten anything that makes you particularly flatulent? Been on the fish and chips? lol "
@jake_riddell Jung would be proud of us. 
Twittmad is tonight?! thinking of going if my schedule lets me 
"@HappySinger Sounds awesome. I'm at home, in a suit jacket, listening to Sigur Ros. "
in town with Charlotte 
"Coffee is ready! I will be showing homes this morning, you can always reach me on my cell.  Have a great day!"
Remember Friday Specials ~ 50% off of any intuitive session booked on Friday ~ Twitter Friends only  http://bit.ly/aGk2B
Office work today!! Yippy! whatever.. 
@jaynish you guys were so good at wod! Get some well deserved rest 
@drish29 haha yes sounds like a plan  ahhhh super excited!!!!
@pinkzombie it sure is lifts the spirit and makes you smile 
@nuggetstump hey there  texas is cold! the music is going goooood. i havent had time to do much with it lately because of school though ):
@DigitalGodess Hey there! Nice to meet you 
@Julielynn67 I hear ya... I am still up from working an overnight... Guess how cranky I am?  lolll   Smile...Love is in the air... lolll
"@aerobic247 I'm on ulimited texts, I'm a serial texter! "
@MonaSmith 2006! 
@bellbajao's ad campaign won gold for Integrated Campaign at the abby's 
Good morning 
@TerryFrancona - good luck today  I'm sure you guys will be great as always!!!
@JoshMusic Tha bitch is back!  grapjehoor!
A yest ! Corrigï¿½ 
"@JohannaBD Oh, no - one of those days! I hate those days. Tomorrow will be better, it usually is "
@eckafatcat hello sexy - give me a right as soon as you can  love you xxxxx
Anyone gunna join me for a bit of jeremy Kyle soon 
"photoshoot with Liz Harlow @ 11am til forever, hit me up if you want to help out/record video "
@stevenhealey Didn't speculate any such thing. I just want it to be ACDs because @aryayush can't stop whining about them. 
can't believe it is snowing in Buffalo.  Just my luck. 
@EmergeMarketing Maybe I should just ask for better summer show wearing weather? Nothing else has seemed to work on warming things up 
@bobbyllew lol ask him 2 do the rap   katie xx
@MyNC  Good Morning MyNC! 
@TessSullivan cheers Tess - and thanks 4 your support - know you've retweeted us a few times 
i forgot how satisfying a cold slice of pizza is  mmmmmmmmmmmmm
"@lukemarsden Darnell asked me to go to that! Cant make it though, have a good time "
My mum's parents are wonderfully sarcastic. Now I know where I get my sense of humour from 
"Relaxing, listening to music, home alone, the perfect way to spend a half term "
@ecesarrivera Turbo Tax works wonders! Good luck! 
@Organic_Ryce haha  I thought you don't like to get a sun tan.
@jehan_ara Thank you Ma'am  ur lil lecture made @munirusman a live blogger. I wonder what can u do with world leaders with dat charm ;)
Absolutely over the moon at my client's beefy coverage in Telegraph this morning 
-yawns-  good morning tweeties 
@_llena You can come over for extra litter or cat food anytime 
dinner last night thanks to Grand National winnings  Ye-Ha!
Oldest woman is 115 years old! She lived to see both 1900 &amp; 2000 come in. Her complaints - arthritis and non crispy bacon - gotta love it 
@fullbirdmusic they're pretty good stats - i'm very interested... looking at your site now 
Just for @nnardelli to email round his dep't  http://snurl.com/feo4p Another blog entry: Workload Manager Policy in XML Format - Part II
@JanSimpson correction were all screwed for 2 years 
its ok its working. 
"gotta get up, dressed &amp; be productive. lots to do today! have a FANTASTIC day everyone!! "
Hi @malwcal  - The phones are not so good either ;-) http://tinyurl.com/czabpt And I thought Telstra was just crappy here 
@KelseyAC I'm so glad!!! It always puts me on a better mood too 
inlezen in openofficeplaza 
Is so happy 2 too home 
@Jasmin_Norris of course tuscany &amp; the amalfi coast r marvels of epic proportions.  don't make me choose. LOL. what about u?
I hate cold. Not even kidding. Today is going to be a good day. I can see it now 
@PotterEntourage *hugs* Then it can only get better? 
is going to read Howl's Moving Castle which is awesome 
gettin ready &amp; goin to kayla's with crystal! hit me up 
@kirch69 very fun!  I'm super jealous... 
"@lindaAWI  WOW, thanks for the referral, greatly appreciated   thought you might enjoy this  http://snipr.com/feoak"
@tromania Klaxons song sounds amaze 
@nb42 well said 
"@DubTheatreFest Hey Shauna, tried direct reply but it wasn't working. all good here and u? the dock on twitter...times they are achanging "
thinks new moon needs to come out already! 
@sarahstanley Great!  Enjoying spring break week with my kiddos and also trying to get SOME work done!  What's next on your race agenda? 
@notoriousangel -  Got me there~!
Fooling around with 1/2&quot; Cold Rolled today! Yay 
"@DHughesy Tell rove he should pimp his own shows on twitter, it's not that hard to come up with 140 chars "
@heidimontag Loved It!!! Cant wait for next week! 
"Good morning! Wow, temperatures dropped 25 degrees in one day in south Florida! Yesterday was 83, now its only 58! At least its sunny.  "
"Good morning! Twhirl is acting wonky, not getting replies and DMs right away. Anywho, posting some new finds b4 a client meeting this am. "
'Morning Twitterers! I wish everyone a peaceful and productive day. Enjoy! 
@PaulaMacKay You're welcome. 
"&quot;Yesterday a hurricane blew away my long red cape.&quot; - Priscilla Ahn, she's freaking amazing. "
@arjbarker saw you in Adelaide. you were hell good. p.s i know that has nothing to do with what you said 
"Wow, I managed to spend 30 min working on not-work-related stuff  And I'll be leaving office in about 20min anyway. At least I hope so..."
when my dad's gone back to work then I'll go and do my room some more... until then I'm not budging from playing bouncing balls 
ended up watching 3 Dsquared2 fashion shows... wahehe... 
"@MariahHBF Much luv to the C3 girl: Charming Carey Cannon girl. we Luv U! and hows your husband, the C4: Charming Chairman, Cannon carey "
is incredibly excited that she'll be puppeteering with Doug Horley at Celebrate! 
"@msjmb It doesn't mean your comic sucks, it means that your dad is your best friend and #1 fan "
@Tittch Very severe passport shot!! 
@cchastain Thanks Cindy. Just called it how I see it. Thanks for asking a great question inspired by @martinpolley @fred_beecher @sgmitch 
Pretty colors of Springtime flowers! You can't help but feel happy!  &quot;Mahi Mala&quot;: http://www.etsy.com/view_listing.php?listing_id=8681679
@matthewmacd all Im gonna say is #5...................#19. Thats all Im sayin  have a great day buddy!
MORNING FAM.....HOPE YOU ALL HAVE A BLESSED AND PRODUCTIVE DAY 
@Moonshayde yow! mine's in NY but i don't look after him anyhow 
@petitediable can I get a bahm chick a wa wa.... 
Excellent Ya .. ^^ I'm surrounded by lots of loveble people  ? ~ simply likeable~
@jamie_oliver hell! you deserve them!  cute and the best chef ever what else can we wish?
@loveeco Lovely! A contender for Matt &amp; Nat handbags perhaps? Although not vegan. Will try put it up this week 
@truejedi yeah... I guess the world needs a scapegoat. 
@Iconic88  Your welcome! 
"@n1k0 after the symfonians' 500 apps, there are 500 symfony plugins listed "
I just found out this morning; Computer Rangers is now a Microsoft Gold Certified Partner....not many small computer shops can say that! 
"@Ilovefalloutboy haha, i thought we were both 15. hahaha. "
"@HeyChinaski I have but I read it again, good times "
Good Morning good people of Tweeterville!!! I hope you all had a great nights sleep! 
Alright Fellow Tweeters! gonna call it a night  just want to say i appreciate all of you and i am grateful for all y'all  Night
We watched The Beatles: LOVE Cirque Du Soleil last night. AMAZIIIING. Pure awesome. 
Check this video out -- Brad Paisley Then http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-AtaZ_NU_tU.....GEEZ LOVE HIS VOICE 
have my Facebook page full of posts and updates and images from my old company #homeindia.com. Feel so nostalgic 
Now that's facial hair laura childs  http://twitpic.com/2yb4q
@simultech yeah weird being off-line for so long. Assume world down under continues fine without me 
@stephendancer  Yes more than most you need to work with groups  We are 3. A name for our co-op office Maxims: http://tinyurl.com/d5l7gb
"Good Morning! It is currently 39 Degrees outside, so bundle up! .. Where'd I put my coats, anyways? "
"@yoshihirohatano im having dinner now hon, talk 2u later ok "
@FrazJ I didn't even know The Saturdays could sing! I loved that cover  Nope haven't heard Franz Ferdinand live lounge - linkage please!
"@dougiemcfly hello man. loving the pic, is that your expensive lizard? Im getting a goldfish named after you. Hopefully it will live. "
@amysweezey I hope you feel better soon. Don't let those early starts get to you 
@kyelko aww only 4 hours left to go  xx
is about to leave his house for New York!   Is he missing anything?
@kate30stm You too sweetie 
"Is pressing on in the study .3 speaking engagements this week ,the first of which is tonight .. It's all about &quot;joy&quot; tonight ..so smile "
Revisited my love for the Zombies song The way I feel inside 
"Lovin' the 'block' function! Out of sight, out of mind "
"i do actually love all the stuff i bought at hurley the other day, i spent far too much, but it is totally worth it "
I think itï¿½s funny that spam twitters follow me when I post stressful tweets... taking advantage of my vulnerability or what 
realized something.  And she'll tell CHU...later.  &lt;.&lt; unless she forgets.
&quot;Things turn out best for the people who make the best out of the way things turn out.&quot; -Art Linkletter 
"Today's Odd Spot: Babies have the strongest sense of smell. They can recognise their mothers by scent. Nah, I think they feel the love "
@DoubleAgentGirl Aww.. it's ok. I get a 5 days weekend next week.  How are ya?
"Ah... Sold yet another #mssurface machine. We're not making money on that, but we also sold the project for the software "
@turvys Yes - I've experienced that one .... 
"I visited the Conclave today! I really like that place, but it is always so quite. However,  today I had some catching up to do. "
@alanarules cocaine is a hell of a drug 
"Chicken Roll menu for luch today..  I  know, not very healthy, but from time to time it's not that bad..  "
is supposed to be writing her drama coursework but is failing miserably. She blames Lydia (in a nice way) 
"just got back from the orthodontist, and from Morrisons  to buy Twilight  WooP!!!!!"
@carli_chick I know! 
@RandyAvery41 Get back up on that balance beam called life or I'm gonna kick you in the head and toss you over the pommel horse! 
"@berly6412 yes, #followfriday is a great little invention; whose invention exactly it was, i have no idea, but it's pure genius. "
"in other news, ez link card was found and returned after 3 days. praise God "
For the record twitter updates from my phone randomly from weeks ago! Sorry 
"Oh yes, and hello to my new followers. Nice to tweet you "
has no homework today!  http://plurk.com/p/n1m04
"@skyblues4eva Yup, I'm vegan. I had extra garlic butter [well, fake butter] with it. "
"@elliesarah When we were in Japan, they had these cotton robes that we wore after we showered. So comfortable and warm "
Hop up out the bedddd... turn my swag ooonnnn!!! lol... Morning loves!! 
Messing with ryan sending him txts from vzw.com 'from god' is always fun 
having a moment with the sun-hooray sun!  See you in 28 years 
"@xsethsownstarx &gt;&gt;also a strange bit uneasy.  I can be flypaper for freaks, you know. "
@LFTA LOL!!! I mean my whole world would crash if u pulled a &quot;Crying Game&quot; on me :/ hehehe. So what's ur fav. movie? 
"@DUMBRAT you know what entertains more, Colin Firth singing. "
going back to bed for 2 hours 
@bradiewebbstack What's ur favourite flavour jelly bean? the black ones rule. no1 else likes them...which is good...4 me 
@DJKidAV I made you some coffee for when you get up  love you &lt;3
@kricor translation please. 
I be dangling me lucky charms! 
doing some brooke white research! ) searching for pictures and articles 
@serendipify your fb friends do that too? I just click my magic button instantly : hide feed 
"Gonna Bring A REeally Old Broken Phone To School , And Say Its Mine "
"@apocolypse_ox LOL! I have no idea now. I don't remember, but you twittered something &amp; I wanted to go. "
Got my scottish cup semi-final tickets today  C'mon the Bairns!!!
@tommcfly your music is now playing on tv and the radio in australia now. It took alot of requesting but we did it 
" Ahhh, what a way to start the morning - parked the car then RAN like crazy to the train platform in 30 seconds flat. Whew, I made it! "
@legallove Yay! Bring your dancing shoes - it's all gone hardcore dancefloor hear  XXX
@jbkorver Seriously?  You just do not seem the knitting type if there is such a thing...  
I just watched a show on mtv about dudes who are competing to be Brodie Jenners friend   he looks like early hasstlehoff.
is tired and in bed nice and toasty thanks to my new heater 
Live psychic radio and 100% free &amp; confidential readings start at 7pm east/4pm west with Cheryl Anne tonight.  Call 888-454-2751 at 7/4   
Brrrrrrrr... good morning everyone   If you're in the mountains and have good snow pics email amywoodtv@gmail.com
@mottledcobweb i hath joined... now my love you for is complete... 
@loopsnhoops Haha actually I was running some errands around Orchard ... just random snapping 
I lost another 5 pounds last week.   Only 30 more to go! :\
"@rrryah blame on Holly, little sock-devil "
 http://www.inimacopiilor.ro/campanie/campanie.php - pt copii
@TatianaCampos Well done on becoming a true introvert!... 
everyone add this www.myspace.com/sarahholburnmusic    it's me 
@taylordeupree  Nevermind - it IS just me 
"@Sam_SMS That sounds like a very nice life you live, Im a people watcher too, thats why I love Twitter, you can watch all kinds of people "
dragging myself into work. Glad its a short work week 
"cause i know the place where the sun is always shinning. and i won't forget the face, the one who's gonna keep me smiling "
@JasonBradbury bad luck I blame the geeks 
@raincoaster  Blimey! That's quite an honor.  And slightly odd.  But an honor nonetheless.  
@aliiza252: hey  whats up?! I'm at Grand Central in NY  omg! i can't believe it yet =P yay! xoxo
@lexusbaby From Starbucks? I had that one time before it was good 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired  
@NextwaveRay THX Think they were stunned by the fact I wove with sewing thread rather than knitting yarn. 
@warrenellis you realize decaf MIGHT change your sour disposition in the mornings  
@omg_raptor   thank you... the store is called vowinckel http://www.vowinckel.de/wirueberuns/frankfurt.htm it's right near the zeil...
finally finished homework...off to bed now 
@jenjenjenn by the end of that day i will have seen ATL four times hahaha. lolmylife. you get to meet my little brother 
cant wait to go see miley tomorrow in NYC!!!!!!!! 
"@isadonato HAhaha, do you like it, huh? "
"@ShaFunnyXL Rooooooly! *hug* whassup, bro "
@halina1979 hey! sent you some pics to your podcart email. hope you get them alright 
"I think that it is time for a morning cup of coffee, to start the day out right. Extra strong with two lumps please! "
@kateherself bout time 
@Antiquebasket @totzhatz @firebirdhouse Good morning! 
@befuddle ull get used to it and u will even think its too small..ive got 46 inch for a while and cant stop thinking to buy a bigger one 
"@guykawasaki hehe  I know  I do find double tweets from some accounts, but it's rare."
9:55am i will offically be older. Happy bday to me 
"@mrhankmanthe3rd http://twitpic.com/2yb4q - you appear to have no facial hair. and you're naked, and a LOSER!  xx"
"@yehudaberg re: reactivity can b a struggle sometimes 2 bite the tongue especial. with my cheeki nature lot of inner resistance, i try "
Morning! had a great day. meet a new manager. She is sweet and nice.  my old jerk manager is gone forever!
"@TexTulip Thank you so much, Angel!  I'm probably being too harsh on myself 'cuz I'm always trying to be Superwoman!  hehe  Love ya,too!  "
I woke up in a really good mood 
@rshreeves Ha! Thanks. All facts to help me win a million if I ever get a shot at Jeopardy. 
Got 12 hours of sleep! Busy day today 
Gonna make it a dress day 
@theroch you suck! eff off!!! 
is going to Bob Dylan concert tonight 
I'll take her to see the ducks later! 
I didn't have to scrape much today!  I really REALLY want to write right now. I have the dancing scene written out in my head...
@cleosamuel haha well mine arrived today!  seeing you soon! just need to book in advance to try and get cheap tickets... council work?
@MimiMohamed mr. lee has more important things to do than update his twitter. but a spike night sounds good 
"I think I had enough for today, masyado ng masakit ulo ko sa kakalikot ng WP na ito tsk. Rest muna "
@outsidealone the video. 
Afternoon tweeps! 
@Toothology oh crap! i'm sure they won't dare charge for customer care in India though 
@WeJustGotBack I'm in Clifton Park. (I'm also @cutestkidever) 
I think I should give up on trying to &quot;get&quot; social media and instead get on with my job. Oh well  http://ff.im/-1YcAY
@malaysianlife thx for link. will it scare me or make me want a tongue piercing? 
i am in work ...... on my dinner and the food in the canteen is not appealing to me today .. stupid diet 
I'm thinking tomorrow will be harder than today. Tomorrow for sure i'll be counting down the hours til the work day is over. 
@willcarling yes... (but without the cheese!) 
"dinner: celery with tons of hot sauce, chili powder, cayenne pepper and paprika  + an apple"
@creattica i just sent the link. Sorry 
enjoying this wonderful weather with 20ï¿½C while learning for the final step... 
@b_positive thanks for having a look at that.  Anton just walked in and i was worried but turns out he doesnt need the thing today 
@Tsarnick Hahahaha! The one with peace sign shirt is my twin 
@danlesserinc you're welcome 
@martinpacker Did it. Done it. Doing it tomorrow. 
"Watching This is England for Film Studies, can ignore the violence for the brilliance of British independent film. And 80s fashion "
@Fearnecotton fearne!! so good to see you here! i've been following your work since ages! 
@JoeMcIntyre Hi Joe! I see you have come to join the craziness here 
"@DomesticSluts Er, think that was me! Ans: Kevin McCloud. My email: annie_hall2000@hotmail.com Thank you! Keeping everything crossed! "
@jalopnik Done! And you're my first Digg 
"@PinkPeonies Yeah, you don't have to with nasturiums, but it helps  Caution - don't like transplanting - be VERY careful when you do."
@lexia I'll sneak into his room on Thursday while he's having breakfast 
@wendywings You forgot to put your clock back? Twitter says your midnight message was....an hour before midnight. 
Lol no im not 
Short Stack TV Marathon 
who are some good people to follow?? any ideas anyone?? 
"@RAZNKN that is tax money well spent.  damn, which reminds me...I need to stop procrastinating and do mine :S"
@REGYATES YAY YOU ROCK 
@planettreasures Thank you  I love your clear pools necklace!
changed font from 11p to 12p --&gt; 118 pages  yea! quantity is there now. few more days left to care about quality!
"@tampawinewoman Thanks so much  Oh, it's just a store label Malbec - but pretty good I have to say..."
@tferriss please record &amp; post audio for &quot;shriek like a little girl&quot; could make a fun ringtone. 
procrastinating... 
@lauraEchilds you love that I'm naked and I  just went in the shower so HA!! And you love losers cos you keep talking to me 
"@saulyoung lol, that makes me happy! when he was in college my bro introduced it to me. one of the many things his education taught him! "
"@JonathanAB i like to think of it more like a mass dump. but yes, i think unfollow is the technical term "
@waugaman thank you! 
We all know - short stack 
"okaayy, for a newbie, i kinda like twitter now. yeah, you heard it!  gotta go now. so, i'll see u guys tom. then? NYT. i'm OUT. :-h"
Right people - everyone follow @Artytypes - she's a nice lady 
Lunch time! 
 im not going to school today!
"@radioedit I was a little worried when ï¿½10 = US$4.50, but when it told me that ï¿½10 = ï¿½3.06 I really started to worry. "
i kept myself awake by asking some tantalizing questions  the corporate presenter loves me 
@shaunjumpnow 
@Rhid3Xel Thank you.  #twittypop
"@selenagomez ...times xD sorry, if u think i'm crazy. i'm not. i'm just ur biggest fan "
"Strong Winds, Lightning, Smashing doors and Heavy rains on the way for sure.. If you're in #cochin, and outside, better hurry up... "
Back to the work. Hopefully get a chunk of assignment done. 4 followers til 400  Thanks. Tweet soon 
"looking forward to the weekend, time to be spoilt with affection  xx"
no housework day today...yippee!  i wonder if Martha Stewart still does housework on no housework day?!  count me out!  kim
"@Richard315 Yep, you're on here... "
"@lise90 alot of fuun, you should join me  hehe"
@joycloete  LOL! Thank goodness it wasn't. 
"having fun and working side by side  By the way,  enjoyed the drama last night in my college ;)"
"Looking for a good recipe for Tiramisu. If you have one, tell me plz. Hosting big dinner tonight "
"I know, I know I have been slacking on my Twitter updates. But its hard out here for a pimp! lmao! Getting the tot ready for Daycare "
@randallfriesen When I stop reading or when God tells me to go. 
"nice, you tweet from Bergen Norway, Kuwait City, Florence Italy, Buenos Aires Argentina, Tokyo, its like &quot;twitter colours of Benetton&quot; "
"seems to have visitors from all over the world viewing his blog, though not very frequently. But that's a good sign! Thanks for visiting! "
Ext JS today 
My 18mo is a genius! She is counting from 1 to 6! (usually skipping 5 
"right eaten some toast with jam not had that for ages, hmm now i can think... lets watch rest of harry potter 5 "
trying to think of names for my kitties. we have 6 without names. one is carmello. thank you dest! 
Looking forward to a few days off for Easter 
"eating a bagel w/ cream cheese while watching music videos  oh yeah, and missin my wittle cuppycake"
http://bit.ly/3AQoZ9 I was looking to get out of the house without spending all my money and remembered this 
@ahissrich I'm down and could use the break  See you at 1pm at Breadline!
@cyndyallen my sister needs to know what to bring easter - I say make her cook lol 
All engines are go :-D Will be interesting to see where uSchoolme goes. Just remember it all started here 
Fresh from the editing room http://tinyurl.com/c7ytss  Im so tired had a long day.. but i gotta finish editing videos
"Sorry I posted so many wonderful giveaways yesterday  http://tinyurl.com/c4hxjl Please take a few minutes to enter, lots of gift cards!"
"trying @gwibber .. till now I am impressed with this one who doesn't use Adobe AIR, true #linux or rather #GNOME product  #gwibber"
@jbrinkman Love to hear what the coach had to say to him when he came back to the sidelines. 
"@bcclist That's probably the best question from last night.  When you have 6 time outs- USE THEM.  At the same time, I'm not complaining. "
@bruitist I already have Twhirl . and i will for the other one now  thanking you sir
Wants a passion tea lemonade. Extra lemonade 
@michaelgrainger i'm well   still making ready4 race day 
is handmade goodness at the moment  xxx
@martagf well ... if it DOES release THU ... and you have finite scope ... where is effort best put? despite the jerk. 
bei Ikea in Ludwigsburg.   http://twitpic.com/2ybei
@Charleygirl76 What is tweet deck? I am not stalking everyone just those that ask me too...oh and @mikerutt. You must follow the Rutter. 
@loris_sl Dogs are put on this planet to protect us from an invading alien force - cats... 
@McZoe Have a fab time in Geordie Land mi dear!  Don't get up to too much mischief!! ;) xx
"@AndreaPetrou I think Simon has been without a cigarette for three weeks now, so if you need encouragement, talk to him "
It's ice cream time  Love spring
@eoghanquigg good luck on your new album  x
@soulsong4ever Let me know if it works 
"@scawood He was telling me how convo went &amp; I said wait, was the PO worker male? &quot;Yep.&quot; ...enough said  Heck, I'm using 'em! Funny story!"
Rails can be so handy 
Westminster? I think so  just passed regents park
"@joannyyx3 coz, idk. But i made it better  Naw, he does not. He's lame, haha ^^"
"@PaulaMacKay LOL, I'm glad to see everyones Avatars reappearing! "
@caitlinaudrey aw she sounds so cute! 
@ImASadGiraffe brownies are good any time of day 
5:07am..In the Comfort of my bed..Studio was great..Mr.CLaus&amp; Bobbie 2getha are bananas(good)..Now I sLeep..atLeast try. Love.Live.Life 
@ddlovato Love ur pic. Nice glasses 
My Dad's GPS died... trying to decide which new model he would like best. Tough decision even for me. 
@bradhfh &lt; add brad he likes the little mermaide 
@jomu52  the make up line is very exciting!!  It's really going to open doors for us and the company. 
@jenncastle lol some people are SO outdated 
"@kidrobot23 - I wasn't kidding about the beads; my girlfriend loves 'em, but feels embarrassed about getting them "
@diablopooch Happy Birthday (for Monday). Thanks for the cakes in the office  nom nom nom
@jackmcintyre You are welcome  I've also blogged on Tracked Tweets
@pinkpebs Haha! All I know with Twitter is how to Tweet streams of cack!  THAT'S why I need &quot;delete&quot; functionality! I Tweet before I think
@pam_s http://twitpic.com/2wqzp - Maybe because it looks communist? 
"At my appointment. After this, I head for Tottenham Court Road and my date "
@ctmini27 same thing phillies phans! 
@eranium really geeks 
I love that my lil 1 said I am a genius because I found her teddy for her - aawww 
"@phillipgibb yup  I just had to get that out of my system, haha"
@VMDoug I have room for you near Maastricht. Only 3 hrs drive from Paris 
Of to the cage Music quiz tonite. we *may* just have a chance as we are bringing along a DJ. 
@Staxx09 Congratulations!!! Ive been following that movie...it looks like a very good production...I look forward 2 seeing it  Good luck!
@jaqen lol pain is good. that means they're fixing you up!  you and your creaky bones....LOL
back to work today 
@rhemsworth  I might be - work permitting. Will let you know. 
"@johnlfrancis If you ever need a fellow elder or Sunday school, education, youth guy then I would be your man but can't sing worth a lick "
)@ampuria  im Bayerischen Wald 
@feblub I was gonna go alone. Haven't done it in 5 years. Blame Coldplay and Oasis. Guess we're the only ones. 
Do I have to go to work today?  Can anyone write me a note?  
@patrickaltoft thanks for the recommendation Patrick 
Good Morning Sunshine! 
Lovely sister visiting with my 5ft 11&quot; nephew (14yrs and growing like a wild flower) 
@sumares I have 2 cats that do that.  
"@PhilStratton Free Francesca, Fantastic Family Fun, Food, and Fellowship and did I say Free? "
@erichanko hah thanks for that... i really meant whennnn is school over... may 9th the fun begins 
Checking myspace while looking at bands from different states so i can add them as friends on myspace  I LOVE MUSIC!!!
@MCPrince Good Luck!!!! You're goin to be great!! 
"quite likes Eminem's new song, make take a few listens tho. Still blaring &quot;Number One&quot; out the car tho "
I am looking forward to AT&amp;T Uverse arriving today. 
@loris_sl Have you seen the way cats look at you? They ar planning on taking over the world. But their cunning plan is thwarted by dogs 
"@justinzero Happy Birthday, hombre! I celebrated mine with some ATHF "
"@RhapsodyCoach Indeed! Takes the mind off the exercising, which I guess could be good or bad. FWIW, I'm enjoying them. "
@FatDaddySweets me too- our anniversary is tomorrow (9 yrs) so it would be really cool if she went tomorrow 
@tarabrock Womens prayer this am...Tomorrow is mens 
"@Lottiotta  I now suspect the twitter pics might be due to their website designer, mayhap..."
loves listening to moon river - louis armstrong when she is going to bed 
@DanPBaldwin Get Well Mr ace producer/director   could you send some juice my way tomorrow night at 10pm on ITV2 please!?
@samlaing: ummm...how about &quot;hello world&quot;...keep to your IT roots 
@gazman193 of course.. have fun! 
New Design Added to the gallery : http://www.bestcssvault.com/css-patio/ keep submitting 
"@thomasjkeeley dayton ohio tea party held at courthouse square, downtown dayton.  "
@cbackas Welcome to the club! 
follow @blueshine09 that's Elise 
"@01000101 @Fulltimecasual is searching for you, I'm sitting on the sea wall in a fedora. "
@bijet Thanks for the follow! 
Is now back in my room at Portsmouth 
@thebakeryboy Ooh! Is you across the pond then? 
glu talk was goood!  but my dad is being crap about it...:S stupid assface! &gt;&lt;
mi-am tras destroyTwitter it looks superb 
@stephaniekate85 i think your just fine 
My lil bro woke me up.  then my mom told him to wake me up  Yay to wake up calls!
"has washed her baby aerox, i think a nice scoot in the sunshine would be perfect about now "
"i find alot of ratatat stuff samey samey, but this stands out for me, love it  ? http://blip.fm/~3xe75"
@Floris Thanks Dinggggggg &lt;3 ... Have a wonderful Tuesday 
i can't wait to go shopping with my best friend!!!!!!  2 hours!!!! YAY!
"I have the best friends... Jenny, you made my day and always do "
@indieknits YAY! fanks 
Eating krakers remembering that fast food is pooo 
Maybe it's time to start planning that photography BBQ I've been thinking about 
@haylie_duff fine thanks sorry 4 late replay!! what are u doing...i'm going to do SHOPPING!!!! i love it!!!! love u  xoxo
oh! no! please matt save it! 
Up super early this morning. Been up a few hrs. now w/the hubby on his first day at the new internship 
just finland my lunch and my first tweet of the day 
"Happy Birthday to my Grandpa.  He has 3 cats, but I still love him. "
is off to OB clinical. Hopefully I get the c-section patient! 
"@thalesbrandi uipiii, e lï¿½ vou eu... brigadu "
@justinlevy So helpful! I especially like &quot;be extra careful not to light the towel or yourself on fire.&quot;  Thanks!
New Design Added to the gallery : http://www.bestcssvault.com/rich-mcnabb-interactive-web-designer/ keep submitting 
www.youtube.com/user/shannonmurdoch good times. watch itt  about to hit the hay
Woohoo!  I won the Free Money Finance March Madness tournament by two votes!  I guess getting my in-laws to vote WAS a good idea! 
"@julennanewbanks Aww sorry you had the mishap. How's your recovery going? Have a good day, J. "
@kissandmakeupuk heres a virtual one - not as tasty but far easier on the hips. nice to tweet you btw 
@mhequalities cool. We just had Welsh NHS Dr Alun Jones in Perth on rsrch into patient shame. Happy to share audio when kids r fed etc. 
@joyjewell at the time it was more $. But probably now that mine is booked it will be less  always happens that way
"@totzhatz she lives in Denver, but is coming to IL in a month or two and we're headed there to see her "
"Fresh strawberries, blackberries, and a chicken biscuit for breakfast.  Work is going well.  Life is good!  "
Finish almost everything......so  Can't wait 4 2morrow......gotta look pretty!
@myhelvetica Thanks buddy 
@iRestaurant re twitter'd @DunkinDonuts for cold Altanta: suggest ya negotiate deal in which calories are left in cyber space! 
@thebleachworks What kind of new toys?  very anxious to hear your beautiful voice on the new song!its ridiculous how amazing your voice is
@Todderm good morning todder!! Look I'm tweeting. 
too many late nights are catching up with me...need to go to bed! Good night Twitterers 
"oh my god i slept horrible, the dorms are so hot blarghuberhudsf;df. luckily i have pumpkin apple walnut muffins to make me better "
is about to what a doco with the boy on vampirism...woohoo.. 
@jojova i have to wait until I get to Lazboy- my 2nd home to get the java  if in New York in Syracuse it's pick a pair...ask for Ruthie
@carolinezcraftz ty  Its a lovely palette but tbh I don't think the pay off is quite as great as some of their other signature palettes
"at work , getting a twitter account "
"Chillin' at Logan Airport, awaiting my flight to Cincy. We beat the traffic coming in, and now I'm charging my iPhone. "
"@MH0861 I wish you a good year of being 24  It has been mediocre for me, but I know you will make the best of it! "
On the way to work... 
"Lunchtime.. then out all afternoon &amp; evening.  Will be back tomorrow - meantime, enjoy your day "
"@GStuedler You don't like his glasses? Give it a while longer, they will grow on you. "
Off to make a YouTube video in the park 
chillin @ home watching pdid on ellen ! 
@marleyuk aaaawwwww  i taught her well then
Free indie label sampler records at Amazon?  You gotta be kidding me.  
Sitting in cineworld awaiting Monsters vs Aliens in 3d. Got my specs on in anticipation. 
"@BaybeeT Late reply i've not been on this properly in abit, you cool tho mate? "
@da_ewok  if you have  2 golden retrievers you  can never ever be bored 
It's too cold to play tennis. Therefore I should not have to be at work.  That's my feelings on the topic.
@psandalio it's ok! totally diff biz plan. unless you want to do a viet truck now... 
@31o5 yeah I hope I can make it too.. 
Today is a research day...developing a questionnaire guide and then the interviewing begins! 
"@neil_pie_PHP all sent duke!, thanks "
@dcvegan thanks... looks like I may be heading into the city tomorrow.  
@BLKMGK its all good  its a distant cuzzin
hey!!! 
"@jemimah_knight loved the podcast, thank you "
"I wanna thank everyone who helped me get to 650 followers! Thanks guys, you rock! "
"@michaelgrainger i'm running in &quot;the big peach 5k&quot; here in atl on may 6th   i do 2 races a yr- 1 in spring, 1 in fall."
@dandrago Thanks!  Same to you... 
Exiled the tweetdeck - about to enjoy some fresh fruit 
"@MH0861 I wish you a good year of being 24  It has been mediocre for me, but I know you will make the best of .. http://tinyurl.com/d8ofb2"
Adolf Hitler had Vista Problems too ..   http://bit.ly/IHUOf
Yet another 8 am...thankfully not doing anything but watching other people speak 
is new to this whole twitter thing but thinks she's gonna like it 
likes Chilly mornings 
"The best part of waking up, is Folgers in your cup!!!  good morning everyone! have a great day!"
birthday 2moz  luke wished me happy birthday hahahaha 
@gardenorganic I will certainly comment on your blog re asparagus  
Leaving for Florida today...back on Friday. 
annoying people by dancing is always fun 
"Watching the Tuesday night chick flick, and enjoying it "
@BruceBrownNC WOOT! Have a good meeting! 
@tommcfly hi tom! im a loser from america thats been following McFly's music ever since i saw just my luck 
when will we see the first Twitter-phone? Remember where you heard it first 
@Piers_the_First Your show's on Easter Monday? Is that AM or FM? Will tune in. 
Sweet! Bobby bishops new songs are up on itunes.  i got to sing on a couple tracks. That was fun. 
@balaarjunan @vasanthgvk @vkhater @anand_iyer @KevalPrabhu : Would love to reserve boost/setter position 
@dharshana Hi! How are you doing today? Today I din't skip any of my meals  Shruti=good girl 
@sldownard Just bring a song in your heart and the endurance to be up late singing Tom Lehrer during the seder meal 
#mw2 and slugger u gotta keep us informed haha and i am saying this on behalf of all wen i say WE CAN'T WAIT FOR IT TO COME OUT!!!!  
"we made you - em is my fav song now  and fav vid atm, em is back "
Just out of bed on my day off. Caps play tonight....should be able to whip ATL again with no problems.  
@Pri_stanzione You are a JO...you know 
http://twitpic.com/2ybo7 - thats me. i got bored. 
@mommy23monkeys thanks for the great review of our Green Little Green!  Glad it's working for you 
"@edomeetsworld classic edo-ism. And of course, I see on facebook no one gets it. Welcome to MY world. "
Omg Miley cyrus just said on good morning America that she wakes up at five to read her bible LMFAO anyone else smell bullshit? 
Started off the first day of my 44th year riding the HealthRider for 30 minutes. It's going to be a good day! Birthday lunch AND dinner! 
Listening to Elvis Costello's 1980 album 'Armed Forces' this morning... forgot how good it was 
"@energizr &quot;watching sunshine&quot; - no, no - that's the *window*....you TV is over there! "
"@BiasedGirl ooooh, coaching football?!! that sounds AWESOME!! what age group? and teaparty? sounds fab woohoo!! "
"having to search for a long-sleeve shit, this is strange "
Having a nice cup of newly brewed Serena coffee 
"@Suspiremedia Sorry about that - all should be good now. Any problems, dm me "
@dhmorton Tis a mystery.... I'm hoping for a mini-displayport to displayport cable 
"@jopearcephoto Ah yes, have seen one in a pic once, fabulous cats. She's beautiful, serious wee face and amazing eyes "
but it seems fine now 
@Kaz_C ..TC gave me the picture. ...It's probably her girlfriend. You just don't know what your other half is up to these days 
@travelrn Are you on ISCA BBS? 
watching Camp Rock! 
"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qYQrFKYFtU&amp;feature=related superb comic acting - took me back, did that! "
getting dolled up for school...picture day today 
"Aha! I figured it out. Man, I do a good job of confusing myself. Nevermind... Nothing to see here. "
"@hethfen then let me know and I can preface your contact with them and recommend you if you like  not that you need it, but you know... "
"@ossia, great post! i'll return the favor.  btw, your design skills are slick...very vimeo/twitter "
@JoeMcIntyre Let's Get This!!!!!  Welcome to Twitter!
If you are reading this. Shouldn't you be doing some work 
@drish29 no prob  i'm good too. about to go out with a friend to the pool 
Nothing like coming back to work after being sick. So much to catch up on! @oniisan608 you shave? wow! 
@MissxMarisa Yess same here. I sleep from around 3am till 10am I call that my nap. All I need for a days enegry 
exams are done for now   now to do nothing for the next two weeks
Off to work. I get observed by my Asst. Principal today.  Time for my evaluation.    Hope it goes well...
buenas dias amigas! hopefully twitter is feeling better today and we won't see too much of the fail whale!!! HAPPY TUESDAY 
@amous got a lot to do today... will try to squeeze in some painting too 
@blackink12 It would be nice to see an update once in a while.  
"@hollieleanne tv show  fromt he creator of buffy, firefly and angel!"
"@guykawasaki ah yes I remember now, I thought as much. "
Yay for an 84 on my management test!! 
@Tsarnick You best know it! Life On The Murder Scene 
http://twitpic.com/2yboq - my new puppy jess 
"@sidarok No, I'll send it to anyone who asks for it. Want a copy? "
@gadgetlite I know LOL 
"after a good night sleeping, i'm in my work recording the meeting again...  God bless all in this new day or in your night my twitters!"
@vicvickyrox : What movie? 
Really looking forward to the Red Dwarf Weekend!!! WOOT!!!! 
"@weegingerbean So you are ECR, where do you go?? I must've totally seen you dance @ O's, I was there being a slacker spectator "
just hit page 20 of his story 
@fictionals your nose is clogged? use a plunger then 
jeepers creepers...were did we get all these peepers  a song for all of us!
going to class but not feeling too good.  then heading home for the surprise! i love surprises 
"@chuckdarw1n she is, and she's lovely "
ran into Alaina on the T.  Great way to start the morning.  
49F with 25mph winds in April? I think I need to get a refund from the state of Florida.  
@YourSeth Driving! 
"@TheRemote Haha, you are from AMS, my hubby is Dutch "
"@Rebsie Btw, the bunny is hatching like crazy. "
@summergirl38 Looks like you're having the same problem I am.  
"Okay here I go..this week Take Two: Electric Boogaloo!  Hello all, how is everyone this morning? "
@fieza46 you love computers..... 
@nakedsunrise ï¿½quiï¿½n? private message please!  Welcome to twitter btw. Adios!
been buiding a new cage for the departments pet g-pigs. This one is going to be &quot;water&quot; proof and have a suspension bridge 
"The wind blew away my pretty heavy carpet and knocked down my modem.. Jee, talk about nature's fury.. "
Gold angel wing earrings back in stock!  http://poprl.com/0Cxz only ï¿½4.80 when you use the discount code TWEET at the checkout  Bargain!
"@steverunner Hey Steve, I listened to 5 episodes of Phedippidations today. I feel like I'm stalking you. "
Good morning jdzca.  At least it will get up to mid 60's today... But it was very chilly this morning. 
"One night transit in Bali, it took 20 minutes flight from Lombok by Garuda. They not served food, only 'teh kotak' "
I'm up too early on my free days. see marcus...i can't help it. yay get to buy my guapo ticket today 
"http://twitpic.com/2xe00 - @aplusk sorry, i did't mean 2 misspellllll ur twitter name... "
@talberman all we got was wine  recession sucks.
"@Snoid OK, it's actually called &quot;Hello Oslo,&quot; but I just like shouting &quot;Smell The Glove Is Here!&quot; whenever new releases arrive "
"@Toni_IFDA I agree, @conversationage has such great information! "
@duskyblueskies That was supposed to come to you in text message form in 2 hours. 
@shanegibson fingers crossed 
"7:04 Started assignment, 7:13 Made sandwich, 7:31 back to assignment, 7:35 had a bath, 8:09, back to assignment, 8:23, fell asleep "
@fossiloflife tell him that he needs to fork out $$$ to the regular chennai tweeps. 
"@Farscale Yes, although mainly when there are other awesome people on at the same time. "
@J_xox get a chance lk 2 them b4 or after it  xx
I love the theme song. &quot;It all started with the big bang BANG!!!&quot; 
@jaffne yeah I'd be smug ...love it up there 
"@Reetesh I haven't gone through friend requests yet, coz like Facebook there are just too many of them. I'm gonna do that tonight "
talking to my best friend. i just scared her to death 
Afternoon  Listening to Dreamboats and Petticoats and wishing it was the Cast album instead!
"@pradeen1 you know, antonia/toni in grade four, i think? yeah, her older brother. "
I'm looking at making a water pond in the back yard. It will have fish and frogs and a bridge! 
i want finger paints  .... waiting to fall back into reality?
AFYCSO listening hour. Need patd love.  the moon's pretty tonight.
@larsbachmann nice feature 
Cinnomin rolls are pretty good when you stop and realize what you are really eating  bread and spices...
@livinginfiction  change yours!
@heidimontag INCREDIBLE!! looks like its going to be a great season 
@xamiiadoresjoe well.. I guess he's mine now! imfao  &lt;3
"Ah, nice, one less step to understand, update via txt "
"@Darchak oh, I should catch up with S. Africa news too some day  Have a nice afternoon!"
"@MrGoogleAlerts @simoncast quotes doesn't work, tried that when I set it up "
@imalexevans   hiii alex ! woow ! I finally can send you a message!well...message? it doesn't matter! ; ) .. I'M VEEERY HAPPY!   haha
"Wow, this week has been a major milestone. The end is almost in sight, and then it's time to hit the second half of the semester "
Goodmornimg tweets 
@paul_shirley Thanks  What do you mean?
Morning Tweeps!!! On the hunt for some caffeine ... please stand by  
@rachellondon Its the whole 'straight guys like two girls kissing' just flipped around  You should find 'I kissed a boy' by Cobra Starship
"good bye twitter world, im off to watch some movies "
@senthilnayagam - Happy Birthday sir 
"@TehJeven @Zarachas I'm in, we'll be the first swarm. (Our forage is not weak!) "
is bathing trolls in care and love on Omegle to see what happens. They usually seem to end up awe struck and unable to form a new offense 
"@inque54 huy, matulog ka na. hahah. CBroom ain't done yet, but it's taking shape "
"@l3l0 thanks for help  i sam the new-users and the faq , they are not what i aim for (mysql-user-authorization) but it's goin well today"
By @worldgolf Have you seen Mio Destino Lingerie's sexy golf-themed skivvies?  http://twurl.nl/q7t3rj #-golf #lingerie
@jasdonwar Are you Zara's boyfriend? 
@Semtex cool dude can't wait until you do 
"Even though I'm not allowed to, I'll eat as many ice creams as I want. Don't blame me. Blame Summer!  http://plurk.com/p/n1r2p"
@fyreflye I'd rather go to France for the summer than Skegness. 
@nick_carter My god you're addict to it 
Read Psalm 116! I Love it! Now math homework! Talk about bringing someone down! 
Me gots the giggles. I'm in a funny mood this avvo. Everyone send @Jay_Tyler good luck messages. He sits his driving test today! Eek! 
"@chuckhall  I'm like a fine wine, my friend  "
@Rammi I've been using Box.net for a year~ ; works great  nice to hold files u may need somewhere else;but I RAR the files with a pw 
Ok.. Loving &quot;Here&quot; and &quot;Hey Valentina&quot; on the new Prince album(s).. 
@honeybeezes lol i have the swimming song from Scamper stuck in my head 
@imogensgarden Right back atcha! 
Me 2.0 officially launches and is already picked up by MarketWatch and EarthTimes!!!!  Spread the joy    http://tinyurl.com/c2wlrb
"@REGYATES wait... are you in new-zealand?.. cause if you are, that would explain why you are not on the sunday show anymore "
Eating nesperas for the first time this year...yummy 
@MissFarrah hey farrah!  how are you this morning girl?  thanks so much for returning the follow..  
Welcome to Delta Daily's twitter! Here you will get all the updates on what is happening with Delta Daily and Delta Goodrem! Follow us! 
@she_writes lmao! Wow that's extreme! 
@hadaltlelamb I've good news for you -- that lifestyle is not limited to college. 
@adamSEO  it couldn't have come at a better time
@mattybeard i've only got to S01E06 sso far. I have all day tho 
"@jenzenn Well, I'm glad you're joining me!!  #tfc"
"@nosetu Of course not, web celebs like me can afford a cleaning service "
@Zarachas The ones with the tokens 
"Down pouring outside. I'm not gonna complain about it today, it's making the snow go away. "
@RebeccaInMelb ha ha  yes I wore it 4 2 mins for photo lol
going to lay on the balcony . it's so hot.. 
got &quot;the fortunate&quot; by cartel stuck in my head  but i don't mind
"finally, we will record our video from the ffe in tatti's house !! "
is loving happy news  thinks that the result of hard work and strong beliefs are coming around....
I have a crush on Wyatt Cenac! Too much Daily Show I suppose. 
@acroamatic Where did everyone go? 
30million bells on AC:WW 
"@RobertPattinson ohmygodaa i 'm a MASSIVE fan, i think your an amazing actor, and a brrriilliiiaannt singer, say hi to the cast for me "
"has already caught the sun, and is going to see miami heat play basketball tonight!  its 8.30am and its already scorching hot!"
i just joined twitter 
but.. i admit; it's fun to update. haha. even if there is nobody that sees it 
@iTweetPRN Put a apple trial#2 in the freezer first thing this morning 
@scorpiojerm I did! Didn't do too much - just slightly less than 4k  But good enough for a first run in a while. Yay!
@dhempe 30th April &amp; 1st March humm ok  http://is.gd/rbJL
If you're thinking of unfollowing me - do it NOW (or never 
Going to Daytona for NATIONALS. 
@aboutthelettera hey buat apa kat bangsar? Google talk Amir H ajak dia dating 
"@hansonmusic http://twitpic.com/2t5nz - Zac, you look so sad. It's okay to smile, you deserve it. "
documentary is finsihed! will try to upload it to youtube for you to see 
"Hello, I just joined twitter, so I don't know what I am doing "
@perezhilton always indiferent to eminem 
"@hakerem Yea, I only use Chrome "
"&quot;You lift my feet off the ground, you spin me around. You make me crazier, crazier...&quot; Love the lyrics too. It could be about any1. "
"@stroughtonsmith Thanks for the DevDay heads up, I've put my name down - it'll be good for a beginner like myself I reckon "
"@scottmalish Thanks. Trying to stop distracting myself, like answering phones "
"doing fuck all today, pitz tomorrow night though. "
@seebase Congratulations! What an engaging decision!  You should then check out that website time by time: http://www.e71fanatics.com #E71
@nbremer It is very good ! I just never want to upset any person so asked you 1st if it was okay to say you lokk very pretty 
@bobbyllew Ah I thought it was the skateboarding pro Tonk Hawks. *nods* Was wondering what he did that was comical! 
@gibbzer @eBeth @SianMeadowcroft thanks ladies 
I love this band  Great version of the Bee Gees classic.  ? http://blip.fm/~3xehs
"@dszp ...fortunately, the KB had documentation on it once I figured out how to search for it   http://is.gd/rbJV"
charlie!!!!!!!! u feel smart *well at least that make one of us! 
@scottsmeester you are so right. The present moment is where all the fun happens. 
"just bought the winning ticket for tonight's mega millions drawing. and no, i'm not telling you the numbers! "
"@lukesmith Probably easier if you ping me on IM/phone, that's a little complicated to explain over Twitter. Ideally beer would be good "
@Karageorgakis SHE SHOULD have YOU make the coffee for her......of course after you're done with the floors!  lol  ;)
@mirceagoia Thanks for the tweet 
Just got a nice grey suit for the Prom! 
Grading &quot;Totally ? Radical ? Projects&quot; dude. 
Back on the road 
Bellydance class tonite! $5 YogaFit class on Wed. eve! RSVP!! Namaste. 
@maiseyg nothing! just the rain! you woke up at just the right time  how goes your new series?
@RNRWiggs68 Wow! You and I have really gotten into this Twitter thing! 
"Giveaways galore on my blog, http://www.SheScribes.com. Also many reviews (products and books). Something for everyone. "
I LOVE McFly      XXXX
@mattimago He did actually hav a very cool voice. &amp; i liked the brain in the jar 
"@notjosh it's possible some may be feature limited, but i've no idea. don't take my word as complete truth "
Love seeing the sun and north carolina pride today  nice win last night heels!
"@elbiddulph Ouch!  You may be my mom, but even I know that you're pretty tech-savvy. Even more so than some people *my* age! "
"madtv made some funny steven seagal spoofs, but the clips with some aikido demonstrations of him are cool too "
2 days of school left this week and im beyond excited for saturday!!!! 
"chilling,   watching the gilmore girls "
@mmjm3 I don't have any money but I can offer you some lunch if you like? Pesto pasta and chicken  Worth more than a desk anytime!
@dj_bubble Anytime.  I'm good. What about you?
"@kiwibastard Not sure if you will already have this http://tinyurl.com/cqfase, and apple store is down, no doubt for new products "
phone has stopped working again :] no more worrying about people texting me back 
im shattered after yesterday's bodypump. i loved it though. doing it tomorrow again 
is at the beach 
"http://www.essence.com/news_entertainment/news/articles/white_house_chef_ikimi_dubose  Yep, that's my crazy roommate! "
loves mamma mia..should watch it but twilight comes first 
@Shiminay Machine head rule - Five is my favourite track so angry! 
is replying to all swet b-day wishes she's got 
@TotesChic *banana yogurt* ... yeah that was me! And &quot;Your Welcome...&quot; 
"@graphicdesign79 Well, you're a graphic designer. So you must be cool. "
love ya too 
Afternoon all  Its far too nice outside to be stuck in the office. How is everyone?
@LisShill Don't u mean &quot;and IS now sitting on a ball...&quot;  BOO! Fancy meeting u here....xxx
just saw blake! gen and brigitte slept over last night + seeing maille tomorrow 
@dougiemcfly  Since you're british and you drink alot of tea..what's you favorite one Dougie?  
@VATD I'm made of win 
; tomorroww is the day . !  out . -akash
@pygeek  Yeah. No. probs! 
"is watching Kinley, working out, hopefully seeing someone special this week "
@LentSexbot Give it a week! You'll get the hang of it. Just find cool people to follow and actually interact with them. It's fun 
@joelwynne @ricny Joel-you're one tough man hiding behind an ocean and twitter   Long live the chilly north
@souljaboytellem i kidnapped you &amp; locked you in my heart 
@siyab thanks siyab.. 
Fell asleep at about 10:30 last night. I am so ready for the day! It is beautiful outside and I am thankful for life! 
am happy with making. 
"@vron3509 there is really no &quot;getting twitter&quot;. It's like bad sex, just don't think about it and everything will be fine.  &lt;3 you!"
morning twitterville! hope everyone has a great day 
"@WebBetty Sorry, ignore previous tweet! Hello - haven't seen you around much "
Has Just Joined Twitter!  ..xoxo
It's warm enough to wear shorts and a t-shirt. Like it 
@ramdomthoughts ouch that was so close! you'll ace it next time 
@HappyHealthyPup Thankyou we are working on it 
@chrisbrogan excellent...i like floods of mail. It's amusing to watch it all come in 
@Mediamum Good morning! 
@IlseDeLange Good trip - envy envy envy 
"@NancyPerez It was my pleasure, Nancy! have yourself an awesome day and dare to be real, dare to be YOU! "
Listening to music 
off to the gym 
Good morning Twitter 
@mathisenk the format of your 'tweet' reminds me of our stint as AP Lit Sweensters multiple choice question writers 
@justinlevy They forgot a very important item with the grill. Make sure that the place you put your beer while grilling is still safe. 
@rajeshjagasia nythng fr u  also d mirror has 2 faces is done too...
Feeling a bit better today. Had an awesome time at Rocco's last night!  looking forward to dinner tonight. Happy Tuesday!
"hey, try this... sum me up in 5 words  please n thank u! xx"
I'm fashion victim...damn... 
@michalmv welcome to twitter! 
Lunch now. Be seeing you 
Is at work. Doing lots of paperwork. 
"@david1976aus Nope, I'm still in Wagga bored outta my brains. "
@dkeats LMS also stands for Little Man Syndrome 
Hot &amp; Spicy Chicken - is there any other kind!!  
fishin in Edisto for the next couple days 
My sister and niece visited this weekend. We celebrated Sarah's 18th birthday. Now all of the children in our family have grown up. 
@beautyscientist thanks you 
Yaa North Carolina! Came in 2nd on the ncaa pool 
Now I must sleep I hope to wake up to all kinds of entertaining Tweets. I don't worry you guys never let me down.  
"@chrisbrogan I've always thought you were cool. (And I'm right about that.) Have a good flight, day, week and everything in between. "
itï¿½s sooooooooo warm outside *woohoo* 
"@rosieeejones wait, go on msn  mine's working now x"
I just found out that 'koffiekoeken' does not mean coffee cookies. 
"Sorted out the US Embassy this a.m., passport in 7-10 days.. couldn't get kiwi strawberry snapple, but JOLT cola is a worthy substitute! "
@TwoSeasideBabes *smiles* Thanks! It's always been one of my most popular. Afraid to list with better pictures 
@Pixel54 macbeths=super awesome! I'm rockin' the eliots 
@lizixx yep yep thanks 
ohh hello the championship's on on itv 4 
@DonnieWahlberg p.s. Go to joythe movie.com --it's really nice 
Hello @hgardler. Our sympathies 
"Eating a 6 egg omlette, with bacon and cheese &amp; herbs...mmmm "
"@krystalle whoo, I have been craving more information on that one "
@anandnataraj 4 people are for sure  and 4 in maybe list including u 
@SilknPearls they are all sleeping 
@Helenszone omg i think i had that poster  hehehee
"@jakeprzespo xserve and I bet 2TB time capsules, I feel like we could be doomed as well but didn't want to alarm anyone "
http://www.myvisiontv.com.au/2009/?p=259 Read my article and comment!  I am officially a journalist. Woot woot.
im petting the shuzz outta my cat.. hahahahh there are furballs everywhere! 
@LittleFletcher i think no one is able to picture robert as a human anymore. 
@giblahoj ---- I hope u understand what do I mean. P.S. your smile looks fantastic. Be confident. 
"@cspenn yeah, it doesn't burn but once you step up to C4, I'm pretty sure *something* will catch fire "
Listening to animal collective :::_) MY GIRLS!!!  
@Framusic thiis is a really an amaziing book love you guy 
"@sabillasutarno hiiii i'm Shanii  Ben's best friend, if you didn't know (:"
Dress up day at work. I look good damnit. 
"texting, twittering, reading harry potter 7 + watching twilight all at the same time. ohh yeah who is talented?  "
@black_roses25 welcome to twitter! 
@JonathanRKnight...I can say with out lying that you kept me up all night long 
"@jonomallanyk Still Waters- cause even in the storms of life, we will not be shaken. Bam! "
"@iheartthatdance I'm in Canada every Sunday for class and feis a lot. I live 2.5 hours from our main studio.. long days, but worth it! "
@FatHeadPhil 
"My avatar also looks way too metro sexual, not that there's anything wrong with that.  Checking out Jokaydia though "
@saeedku have fun 
is off to work! Alllllll Day long! 
Hello new followers! I follow you too!  I'm Sonja @bloggerbaby @WhoisJohnLai @FromTheGroundUp @TheBetterSexDoc @liz_lynch @mmangen @top007
"@mileycyrus ...happy, you deserve it  (ran out of room on the last one)"
Exactly 
Just made ï¿½28.80 for the WWF by sending my old Blackberry and Samsung phones to simplydrop.co.uk 
nice weather  whose out today?
"The sun's up and my son's up, so I'm up. "
"Oh my god, I have totally neglected twitter today, sorry, Im just going out with a friend today "
"@aplusk a friend of mine is smelling impaired, had a bad motorbike accident and head injury. It's a blessing and curse! "
@markhundley Thank you Mark and a special good morning to you!  Connecting with friends like you start my day off right....  
"Goodnight all, shall &quot;see&quot; you tomorrow "
"First test down. Another one in a couple hours. Probably should be studying, but I am updating my twitter first "
just got back from work glad to be home again! Going to write my sponsorson a letter now  xxx
@visitor9627 yay. i love them. i just miss ollian videos from you. 
@s3dooya Thank you 
@cindyoyo But YOU keep it going! 
I get happy in this weather... 
@pixiec Thanks. You have something similar for your marathon training? I get really dehydrated after 6 miles - let alone 20 odd 
"@abooth202 Damn spammers  I like that flickr will remove all comments by a user when you block them, nice feature "
@petshopboys http://twitpic.com/2y8q6 - lovely pic; he looks natural and likeable 
@entrepreneurgal I know I wish I could find a spell check app too 
@pameyla Yeah 
@LFTA  http://bit.ly/lyKYO Watch this... 
"@albany_23 dw, you have until after easter before I break your legs  JOKE (sort of?!) x"
@melanieleonard yea hopefully it will go quick  yea I want it to be the weekend too xxx
@gabrielsaporta http://twitpic.com/2yc0v - We know u can take care of yourself gabe...sometimes 
Nothing so refreshing like walking in rain.... Its pouring like hell 
@THESTROKES heeey hola ! 
"@conor_pope Of course they should.. I forsee it happening in 203X(if you want to know when exactly, give us a tenner  )."
@scorpionkiss hmm deal! who'r we inviting? 
@youngyonny nada...when u bringing your butt to Houston 
"@nick_foster Right now, actually a Twitter app for automating a lot of stuff. I'm currently using it on this account to test it "
Hey! I hate college! Join me in a revolt! 
@djdrizzle good morning dj drizzle. what it is my nizzle 
i have heard so much about twitter I signed up (I'm a sheep) and therefore don't really know what to do on here! 
@loris_sl me (as allways) but only from Stockholm. My office Nespresso machine is never resting  Saludo (if you could salute with cofee
Upgraded!...wicked!!! Thank you sooo much to my BA friend 
Yay. Just bought Twilight on DVD! Can't wait for New Moon!!! 
the Veronicas are the best! love the songs 
p.s. I get to see @cschullo in 2 days!!! 
@realnetta: will be praying all day 
Nincompoop - The Unfinished Quest gets added to Allegro.cc  Yippee http://tinyurl.com/c2gupk
@perezhilton i like it 
@ClaudiaBliss lol. You go girl! 
Hmm...fuzzy picture from the window....I guess eventually blackberries will go to Zeiss for their lenses 
@bhellabell Good look on the follow 
@stacey_leah I remember you crying when mom left you and you survived it. 
"uhm, changing haircolour today! "
"Happy, driving lesson was niiiiiiiiice "
"@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/2y9c6 - nahh, i prefer eclipse  glad you used twitpic "
"@oliyoung Keeping up appearances really  My interaction with FF is far higher, mostly because it's all about conversation."
"Do not be sad if job is far from home, if it is near you girlfriend house. She cooks better "
"@weegingerbean Cool!! Nic and I will be at Kathleen Fearon feis, you should come say hi "
@Jayme1988 Good afternoon to you then. 
"excited to work on something challenging, something to do with mobile "
@aplusk You must be born in Monaco for that ! 
@coeah  oh. He he. 
Is going to be a good day 
"@ashleyisrad YESSSS  if i could get in, you can, lol. omg, i want you to go to one of those. they're both amazing."
It really is catchy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6bJOIqVAD-s Basic yet great. Wonder if it's a real fish or the tacky Chia Pet types 
"@Lanakynd Lets DRINK OUR MONAVIE for our health and stanama, and SAY A PRAYER for our souls and we can get thru anything...  "
@duckydynamo Why thank you!  xx
@nailmusic I don't know if I've made music yet today but I've done 30 minutes of scales. Maybe ill get to music soon haha 
Listening to Leo and Daddy play the piano 
"@JovialJay: No, but it's time to stop with that silly haiku thing. "
"@aiki14 Thank you so much, and i'll look into these resources "
now its 13:28 !!  hehe
@mklopez But just think... ur one day closer to Friday!! I know it still sucks but sometimes playing tricks on ur mind works!! Lol 
@tommcfly If You And Gi Have A Baby. . Can I Be The Godmother? 
@SilkCharm no one is tougher than you in those fierce boots! 
I'm creating a TWITTER account 
I kindly suggest frozen yogurt to take the edge off. I will show you a great place when you get here! 
"Getting ready for another day !!  Live, Laugh and Love   finally got over the weekend fiasco...."
Good night everyone. Work on one of my secret projects is going well so far. 
"@Sincuidado If you are able to do it, maybe I'll just try and talk you into making one for me "
Just a simple girl..oatmeal makes me really happy in the morning..and the blooming wisteria 
@leahmackin Thanks for introducing me to blip! 
"I'm finally at work, one hour later, i had the WORST stomach ache on the ride here. oh and @NicoleTurnerJB : HELLO "
@willconley777 Thanks re wine blog mia. Another one dies on the vine. Wine bloggin' ain't for sissies 
@RubyRose1 ha! Congrats! Glad all went well! 
@TranceMansion Well i'm long on $SRS so i'm counting on it 
Watching Sopranos on MBP at work 
@britainbybus Thanks for the write up! Really glad the blogging and Twittering has been so useful to our customers 
@martywittrock thanks. I will read it soon 
Off to school. Get to leave at 11. Lunch with Lejewski. Track at Kelly.  justonedance&lt;3
OFF DAY TMR! AWESOMEE!   
is looking at her lvly flowers 
@Paul_Kohlmeier a bright &amp; happy day to you 2  Sounds like ur ready 4 it. Warm up now and do some stretches. I'll do some too. Here we go
"@Beverleyknight I'm fine, thank you.  Keep being beautiful always. "
"@mileycyrus I read  your updates and I hope you feel better soon, and asap get some sleep. "
@anukrishna send me some hot weather I will send u cold weather  we are fed up of this cold weather
"@inselelfe Fuzzy happens. They do little harm unless the inside of the dread is packed w them. Then they can slow drying, so no worries "
"#mmuk09 lots of interesting conversations over the lunch break. now, where's @andyramsden ?! "
"@putitaway Got the hint, Kim!  Look out for that twitpic. "
There is nothing to snack on so I'm sitting in bed gnawing on a big continental cucumber 
"Off  to work, gotta love it, embrace it....get it over with! Have a good day everyone "
"craving something fatty,,i think or frutiy.... i want a boost "
YAY my DJ website djkyle.co.uk  is back online  (R.I.P Nan)
@clarkvalberg that's almost as much as my toilet paper bill (4 daughters &amp; a wife) 
@coscomputing great RD knowledge! You can have a follow for that! 
@fabiankr oh...und begeistert von CoreGraphics 
@spencerkate good luck with the babyproofing! I can't even change Eli's diaper without him rolling over and scooting away 
@jmlares Some might say that you are a master  of efficiency! 
"Let's try this again: sorry folks, no baby yet! I'll make sure to be clearer in my future updates. "
Is wearing his big glasses today 
sexy people do sexy stuff 
checking out whats going on here 
@IsaacVanName Thanks but uber swamped with work at the moment 
"@jonathanscary I would try deleting email from device, exiting app, re-entering email/password, trying again. I am determined "
@RhysYorke Well it had best remain a secret until the embargo drops. 
@krystenluvsdan: good luck! Remember to smile 
" Only need to bullshit results and then I am finished maths investigation. Oh,... and 500th tweet ;D"
having fun with my friends at home 
Putting James on the bus and taking sharon to daycare then headed to walmart for their easter stuff 
@CommREMktgGirl I think we are!! 
"@mcurry My blog is back online. Had to talk to the host, dns server or something went down! Spooky results from visitors but "
"@drkwhisper  Work on the photos maybe tomorrow, I'm trying the new pattern out now. She's currently headless... is that blasphemous? XD"
we made no. 2 on @JackRyanBauer's list of things he likes about #destroytwitter. how cool is that? 
@Coyote311 Haha! I am assessing the moment. 
chilling by the pool 
@Princessca95 Hey there 
Snow today! Time to get up and out!  
thinks my prime minister is wonderful for giving us all $950  what a cutie
@swapna_p Glad you made it to Twitter. Was fun to talk to you in London. Enjoy the party here 
@illy5G i love ur backround pic...  
@libbyoliver glad all went well. enjoy being waited on 
"jst got one of those shopping site spams that usually come from china, chk the url  &quot;i suggest you a very good shopping site&quot; shiprice.com"
@thatswhack74 @drish29 gonna go now girls. good night for you both 
"my twitter adviser @mercurialme is giving me great advice here on getting started, thank you "
wishing you a GREAT day!! xoxo 
what a great to start the day! (L) 
@JesseMcCartneyy hello  best of luck for the show xD
Watching my Cubbies @ Bdubs tonight! 
"@bobbyllew Good news about the next carpool episode, as an ex-pat, I naturaly don't get to see any of such personality's  Thanks"
@LordShaper split up? which decade do you live in man? 
@davensjournal It's &quot;tweet&quot;. 
"Presentation over, seemed to go well "
@SilverWoodBooks don't often tweet about lunch but just spotted @lovehatemarmite and couldn't resist 
@niamhhughes lol awesome! you're definitely my favourite person today for that link! 
@WhitneeHogg I am hoping it warms up soon and we can come 
@StreetCourt keep me posted 
"I hit 100 updates, woo-hoo "
@TheRingLord Ha ha ha...  That's good! Good to see someone is intersted in NZ movie. They are not all bad.. 
"@jupitusphillip my 9 yr old daughter &amp; i just watched that 2gether - we laughed, thanx 4 that   katie xx"
gooooooooooodddddddddd mmmoooooorrrrrrrrniiiiiiiiiinnnnnnngggggg my SUNSHINES!!!    Have a FANTABULOUS day!
has been riding scooters across Ko Chang all day! Tomorrow scooters will be replaced by elephants! 
@libraryalison Welcome to Twitterland!!!  Let us know if you need help!  
@mldrabenstott u should stop by I am next door at The Morning Call 
Re-pinging @Giorel: Green ---&gt; Der ist gut! 
"I wish SPOJ could treat &quot;IIIT-Hyderabad&quot; , &quot;IIIT, Hyderabad&quot; and &quot;IIIT Hyderabad&quot; as 1 name, then the score would've been better "
@babssaul cake requests.... anything but coffee  I will bring the palets and you can choose.
"Yay for getting paid to run to the bank! Also, yay for red bull and a cute boy texting me this morning! "
"@pinkelephantpun Yeah, I have a two folders on two different computers of stories the world needs my opinion on. "
@exsecror jQuery is dump. Prototype ftw! 
i woke up in a wonderful mood! and to see the snow falling out the window is icing on the cake. today will kick ass! it's all i'll accept 
It was in the 30's last night but I dom't think it hurt anything. The elephant ears are still standing 
@DMCunningham Did u get msg where I asked which band I was listening to last wk that horrified you?  (Trae couldn't remember which 1)
plan for the day: aquarium &amp; soul food 
"@randymatheson @tenspot has been to see them 5 times, tells me there amazing live "
"5 Days until I see Bloc Party &amp; Foals, In London, with one of the most important people in my whole world... I AM SO HAPPY!!! FUCK!! &lt;3  x"
Looking forward to the Student Employee awards party today! 
@bradiewebbstack AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA bradie you are so cool  talking to your socks!! ily x how are you aye?? x
"heard a new Tori song this morn: &quot;Welcom to England&quot; off a new album &quot;....something, somethign Sin&quot;... really liked it!! "
@nineblackalps amazing track guys! cannot wait to hear the rest of the album  see you at the urbis!!!
so sleepy still. I am inspired though to wish everyone a great tuesday. God bless everyone! 
hah what a great way to start the day! (L) 
"@piping_hot That's right world, we take RP seriously!  6:45 AM?  RPing!  "
@nokconv Lots of &quot;OK Cool&quot;'s in that vid 
@jogotatwitr hahaha... glad you're listening and following on here! 
http://www.dizzler.com/music/Cake listen to Perhaps Perhaps Perhaps todays song of the day for me at least  Let me know what you think
"@anneh632 I'm here! Get it?  B/c we're Kissimmee, the heart of Florida? "
@AJQ_10 yeah u too nice to talk to sum1 from the UK  Best Wishes xoxo
"@ArticlesBase hi, no i don't.  is it a good addition to my article lens?  i will check it out today.   anyone else have feedback?"
@CuttaC AWW YOU KNOW IM A DJ/GRAPHIC DESIGNER/PHOTOGRAPHER/DENTIST LOL HOPE U FEEL BETTER 
@nosetu I'm proud enough to publicly admit the truth! Now I'm going home before the wife gets there first and shouts at me! 
Its amazing what a From the Couch shoot can do to lift our moods in the office 
@hughsbeautiful Yep I DID! 
"@ChadSavage wow great quote, I'm going to guess you can't do much.  When you re-do my site I will listen "
@samkh Thanks  The skit will only go well if my TA appreciates the phrase &quot;To be great is to be misunderstood.&quot; In which case we're great.
@DDog Re: The fiancï¿½e of Princess. Um... doesn't that make his defacto nickname Prince? 
@darylljann wish you lots of love and blessings on your birthday  have fun!
@bantt Thanksss  til going well.  Not gonna stop though. Talk later x
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE!! 
hoping to score seats for NKOTB in June today!  fingers crossed 
"@DominiPrimero hello manong domini! this is kat, your auntie evelyn neri's youngest daughter! was just searching for primero's and neri's "
is going to the movies tonight and tango @ tanzhaus afterwards  gonna be fun!
@50percenthuman  not unless you own one 
Getting ready to go to school. It feels like i just had 10 energy drinks! Im hyperrr. 
@jolenezx hahaha! yes it is 
@b_positive it is indeed mario kart. 
Pumping out sales letters. Am thinking that FREE telephony &quot;review&quot; sounds better than FREE telephony &quot;audit&quot; 
@snappingturtle love the cat badges! Going to stick one on my fridge! 
@qualityfrog Thanks! It's been about 23 months to get rid of that weight. 
"going to bed, make sure to check out colour ins, banners &amp; icons @ my flickr! http://www.flickr.com/photos/35880987@N07/ comment "
Some people say they are not fond of reading. I say they haven't found the right books 
@zparcell Hee hee. Then I am a trendsetter  Just now listening to you image a PSA. So weird.
jealous that megan's met sherrie hewson!! wow 
@PatParslow I will be good and stop being a bad influence. Wonder if all uni web teams are like the UniversityOfBumsOnSeats 
@elakuz By the way...did you get your blackberry?  
@angstmann just bought it - hope it's worth it 
good morning twitter fam! a lil sleepy this a.m. but i'm getting my cappacino on 
@pocketedward I see your point in regards to the skateboard. Have a happy Tuesday! Monday in over!!! 
@benjamindyer lol - well that's the main thing ... try to post before &amp; after pics if you can 
@XspressCHIC08 Baseball still sucks...just thought I'd remind you.  
"@scottcmusic 2 bad Avenue split up, you were gr8 together! I wish you all the best with whatever you choose to do on your own! Much love "
so thankful to have amazing friends to help me when I'm in a pickle 
Buenos dï¿½as Mundo T! Good morning T-World! 
"@loris_sl We ignore them at our peril. But never fear, our friends are keeping a close eye on them and bark loudly to scare them off "
@chinaealexander hi love -- hope today is wonderful for you  xoxox
"Sara, are we fighting then???  "
@Chells  Mornin' my sisi! -hugs-
@purpleplant teehee i would so share if there was but sadly no it's really just holiday brain 
"@Jemmalou_x Yea lol, you sounded distressed about it "
@Zuzusu and I am going to see Lionel Richie tomorrow night   bring on the snake hips!
@GiulianaRancic LOVE YA GIULIANA!!! i watch E! allllllllll the time  everytime i come home from work i watch E! news!! 
"@finding_bleu yay, whenever youï¿½re ready! Take it easy. "
Coffee Shop: Yung Joc ft Gorilla Zoe! I'm in a groove yall! Cleaned bathroom...onto the bedroom! Productivity the word of the day!!! 
@ackbarr thanks - I'll take a look at it  - I'm looking for a webpage to server transfer
@AdultCreation I did send your the toon. but I do sleep ya know 
"@amalinaaa Yea, i feel like he always compare himself to martin. Okay, get well soon Amalina! "
Thinks that glasvegas are the best band about right now 
@Kaydeescrafts still though you were happy enough with the description of it  it helps. A project I am working on.
@sachahaize good good  I will keep a look out for it then 
"@scottw Nice, I have the 20/20 but to be honest I don't think I really need the 20 up unless you're using my slingbox "
"twitter tip: don't tweet in ALL CAPS, ALL THE TIME if u want ppl 2 follow u back. "
"@highcee24 Thanks  Tennis is going great! We have such a strong team, it's remarkable. Larsell is definitely still coaching."
Sitting in AP stats.. Talking with Kevin and Erica and not doing anything 
"@petshopboys Good stuff sirs, I hope it's soon "
Up having QT - feeling better this morning as I am remembering that God's mercies are new every morning 
@scottwvu I'm adjusting to the APRIL SNOW!!!  Lots of good stuff happening for me besides that tho...just have to find a new band 
"WE WON THE GAME!!!!  Woo, Kanemoto saved the day!!! "
Taking pre- approval loan app this afternoon for buyer relocating to Yukon...No Realtor yet! Let me know if you are working this area... 
@CruciFire Illa. But I am still good! 
"I'm in Paris, just got hair cut and had yummy crepe lunch. Exam went well and Im feeling great! A bientot "
Tricia Duryee: The iPhone Success Stories That Are Fueling Copycats http://tinyurl.com/c2s6z7 - sounds just like a chain letter 
"is going out with lauren (Y) ,, friday = efron&amp;rach&amp;sleepover. saturday = mcfly&amp;rach  eeee!"
"@designsbyreese I don't know, I've never Kippled, is it fun? "
@bbc_dream737 morning dream bugg  whatsup?
@JeffreySummers- Judge Allows Naked-Photos Suit Against McDonald's http://tinyurl.com/d5tcex -your always on the pulse of F&amp;B news 
@beccahug yeah you gotta twitpic 
@gazman193 ok.. you really like germany ^^ have a nice day in the sauna 
"@Faiqa My fave Arabic name for a boy is 'Umar, followed by Ibrahim, but I am going to wrack my brain for some that are more unique! "
good day! ou bom dia twitterï¿½s 
Hour 12 of flex week. Only 28 more to go 
@heysupergirl i'll bet you can 
@acapotorto aww sorry don't you that hate! yuck! have fun in the city today 
"Yeah, you know, I think I'll stay home too. "
@OMGSarahsays Have you opened the package yet? Im wondering whats in there lol 
i am headed to san franciso! 
Yay! i found my wii  remote batteries 
B on the GI MCQ - ownage! 
@emmalouiseyyy and Jonnybabyyy living up in belfast  beaut!
"@rosschainey West or East? If it's the former, enjoy the hills "
"d/loaded the sxsw music torrents, 6gb of new music "
It's another gorgeous morning... I have my two year old niece today and she's sleeping... so shhhhhhhhhhh 
Haha! Genius! Wii is not ONLY for kids= http://bit.ly/PxtJQ  
Starts working at The Rage today!! So excited 
I also sold my soul to the devil and advertised the bundle on Twitter 
@tsarnick yes sneaking on the blackberry...  
@shortstackband i actually love yous!  100 days basically now!  yayayayay. xoxoxoxoxoxoxo times infinity.
In BizTalk traing at Microsoft Canada in scenic Mississauga. Day 2 of new job 
@alanarules ha just jokes...i don't do anything either   but who can resist quoting Dave Chappele?
@llamakevin that's scuppered my plans then!  I hold you personally responsible! lol
whooops  x
"@lagresto It was! I'm a cat-gal for sure. No pets anymore, but cats def 1st choice!  "
"@szinck Get a new theme for it, or use the 'Groundwork' that's built on top of it -- prettier.  But easier, nah!"
How funny are 2 faced people....Soooooo busted!!! Gutted 
@justinu84 Specifically a silver one. 
@VMDoug No problem. Better luck next time 
"@higheredcampphl is now @higheredphilly Less characters, more awesome "
"@benbergantino next week when we take lots of pictures, you should change your pic to you and I "
New York today! Craig Owens and Versaemerge tonight 
@emcollns hey!! what happened to fiber1?? 
"@devon_o  ooo! fair play to you, old man "
"@relevantstudio Hey Jon, how's things working out for you now? That got a tonne of publicity "
"@LindaSherman  That seems ages ago!  But yes, that might have been the first tweeted blind date.  NEVER saw that woman again "
@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/2y606 - aaahhh... shes so cute 
"french are way too serious on social media  @whatleydude was much more relaxed, had no paper to read from and it worked better "
@AgilityMoo pickle it just a little bit? Why am I thinking GinaG? 
@michaelgore24  how many years in a row do you think TAS will do the new version?  
@sbenglin COOL! I'll look for your stuff! 
"@patreng if you have time, let's go back to Old Manila - i want a b&amp;w photoshoot of the place. "
Mel checking up on me. Again  http://twitpic.com/2ycel
can't wait to be done with school forever! Less than 40 days 
"@RC73 Ah it is an honor to be stalked by you *chuckle*. If nothing else, it's good for the ego.  What ya up to over there?"
Future for ambulances? http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/7986460.stm i want one! 
"@Sean_05_11 nice , i think it looks good  did you get my photo comment on myspace lmao .. ooo who you going out with today???"
"Took a hiatus from Twitter. Very strange. - Also, back in Minneapolis. Good to be home. "
@JoePolitic they make your poop turn green. 
"Having made 2 sand sculptures already, I feel like I've had a productive day "
@marybethbeech hey you got it! u don't suck. ur AWESOME! 
just chill 
is a very lucky girl 
"@MadisonMitchell If you're sending nudies, I'll take one! "
@ahdchild  Hi there friend! Yeah that would not have been a good thing!
http://ow.ly/1WiU &lt;- Give a listen to this week's NEW episode of the syndicated FuseBox Radio Broadcast w/ DJ Fusion &amp; Jon Judah! 
@AlwaysMiley Your welcome 
@tommcfly http://twitpic.com/2y9c6 - nice choice.. you'll love it. 
working and twittering  whatever that means!
is praying that their friends Little Carissa and Todd Starnes have a better day today than they did yesterday. 
will be on way back home in 5 minutes! 
"@SebastianJ awesome bunch of guys, definitely worth a visit "
I've been sneezing for 5 minutes straight! And not those wussy sneezes either. My whole face hurts. 
"; cold, and not doing anything "
Packing to go on holidays!!! 
Dental visit is quickly approaching. I feel doomed 
@tonyblackburn can u stil win a goldfish @ the funfair? 
"@ajt2 You don't plan, so I'm the Brain. Nice try bailing on @TheWinchesterGR smart ass. Hope your week's better than your weekend was. "
@falconsview ah.. so my waking up in the middle of the night sweating and in the fetal position is something different then  
"Simply Being Loved is up and active!  Thanks for all your support, loves. http://tinyurl.com/d2s53m"
@R0CsTaR25 You Look good in that picture up in the corner 
got my va tax refund...now waiting on the fatter federal tax refund 
I'm glad that I made the right decision! 
@jonreed It's a bank holiday! Join the rest of the nation in B&amp;Q and garden centres 
@cmykdorothy I've had the dream once where my teeth fell out; lol re: women's conference 
@tamsul My first class is tomorrow! 
@SizzCouture loved the hills last night! omg! 
Beautiful (cold) day. Normal class +karate. Work later. Just plugging along 
@EAS211 Yeah..sure that is me..on the cutting edge  (BIG LOL on that one!)
"Today is very cold, so cold I may have to start wearing my jeans again  yesterday was raining but I did get some good shots of ducks "
@imogenfreeland You're not alone luvvie! This is like like high school ALL over again 
"Yes, yes. Kelvin is the bracket king. Yada, yada. Hail Kelvin. "
new fact learned last night: boys once in the army CAN become male cheerleaders 
my boss actually pays me the whole berlin trip. what a nice surprise 
is mixing a song called &quot; Tempo17&quot; and well.. it's tough. 
"@JournoHudson I disagree, what's wrong with being a serial lover? "
"enjoying #mesh09 breakfast with katita, @davefleet and @thornley  waiting for @scottemac..."
getting ready to go babysit my favorite kids  YAY!!!
@UnitZeroOne &quot;birthday sport-shooting&quot;? Always knew there was a little Texan in there 
ThinkN it's a Great Day to Skip off to the Royal's Home OpenR  C U THERE!!!
"good morning, twitterbugs "
@David_N_Wilson looking forward to that book 
Does anyone have a suggestion for what show to see at the Melb comedy festival? thx 
had fun fun fun last night   but now has to do coursework booooooo
so glad my test is DONE! 
"@lindyiswack http://twitpic.com/2rv8l - wow, lucky  thats so cool."
@prattsphotos Just hang in there. In a few days it will be sweltering. 
@teresa_michele I like that idea! Who's got space for an Italian Quake Fundraiser? This will be fun 
"@stroke9 &quot;If you will it, dude, then it is no dream.&quot; &quot;You want a toe? I can get you a toe.&quot; I could quote this ALL DAY LONG. "
Check this video out -- Elvis Presley Lawdy Miss Clawdy http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPNkMt3qcdU   Awesome.  Playin' this for you Jason 
Can you name more than 13 items?  http://twitpic.com/2ycjw
@gabysslave that's ok. 
@mileycyrus you where amazing on gma. thanks so much for being so sweet and taking pix. and thanks for the compliment on my tat! haha 
"I have a full room of students ready for a few days of training, a bagel and a coffee - so the day is good to start. "
"Becky and I are at my house, now. Someone went and sat on our hill and ruined our picnic - bastards. We're sat munchin' now! "
"Is very, very lazy.. and probably won't make a move until I go to piano later "
"@electrikk ahhh, i've always liked rise against  who the hell's travis mccoy?"
@tomcfly you will love eclipse it sooo nice i love the twilight series the books are better as the films really 
Last day!  Trivia tonight as well as pizza and cheap beer   woo hoo
Just woke up!! Getting my top braces off today!! 
Took me 10 minutes to read through tweets from last 10 hours.   Good stuff.  
@willcarling Those plastic pouches are the best...best ever is brie turkey &amp; cranberry but it's disqualified from award for being french 
had such a hectic day and afternoon gym then soccer training never again lol im bugged night twitter world x x  
@Robert_Houdin No argument needed  There's one for you.
"@maggysunshine Awww, thanks! "
@ahluscu12 andreea.  you need an apple 
e come disse Jeff Buckley...Halleluja.. 
@oneofthebunch oh!! neat! 
"recreating saturday morning cartoons Garfield, ninja turtles, magilla gorilla, and beetlejuice, maybe some dinosaurs thrown in  "
"Have my Echocardiogram in 3 hours, as they say they need it for the WLS RNY, hope it all goes OK. Just like a &quot;Human MOT&quot; I guess  ."
"sorry all my new followers, you will quickly find I am quite  boring in reality. Goin to work "
@racheltinney Thank you very kindly. 
Filled in the application - see what happens  ww.5thgrader.com.au via @DHughesy
I say that joomla ride!! 
@Sum41Official I want you in middle of Europe! 
Good mooods ftw! 
she's on fox 5 now! 
is watching the the hills 8 episodes today!  seen them all a million times tho but oh well never gets old
@Sky_Bluez Then you need a better class of clients. 
@girlfnerd night huni ;) off to bed now... chat more laters 
"i swear, the taxi person said as they picked up the fone, '..yeah stabbed him in the face HELLO TAXI!' i crapped myself "
@sarahb0485 No worries! I know how busy you are right now. 
"@aplusk thats beautiful, what a lovely thing to say "
is going to watch Howl's Moving Castle before attempting to draw the castle. Get me in the mood and all that 
@ntanzabel cheers! As soon as get more photos I will send a link ! 
@Sparklegirl21 I knew I had Limewire open for a reason! 
Headed to school. blah lol. can't wait for the game tonight!!! 
is counting down..2 more days 'til @therealdwele invades my town!!! No I won't be wearing the shirt @loc_star  *exits*
@maaaarit enjoy the sun  i think i will go out soon too! well i have to; my dog needs to go lol
sprinting into work this morning! running a little behind!  
@tequilakitty haha you're a bit paranoid aren't you??  i like it. i don't want to get blocked!
Busy archiving yesterday's news while keeping up with today's news in Google Reader 
@ksvanbuskirk I was thinking more that his uncle is what makes him weird. I'm not saying which one though. 
@Feylamia you need to follow @paulverhoeven - pass it on... 
@Kaydeescrafts you are absolutely right there!! Then maybe people will see that we are 'normal' in our own individual ways 
@krisfitz7 Yep Joe is on now too  @joemcintyre Are you ready for tonight?
@jmregnier What? You have a life? Come on.  
Ooo im beginning to Really Like Twitter 
Wow am I tired..was up talking to my bffl Daisha til 12ish..she was talking some sense into me..Maybe I'll eat some cake to wake up 
Filled in the application - see what happens  ww.5thgrader.com.au via @DHughesy
@peace_ I need it to be even closer. I still have tomorrow and most of Thursday at work. Not close enough to pack in a panic either! 
@savagestar That would be cute 
@tombesore LOL  Thanks!
I want my british accent back!!!!!! Help me hustel 
@Holger_bbA It's all part of the plan 
"@kleptones damn. i'd totally go, except for location. "
@Dramagirl Hahahahaha .. it's a smiling face. At yours has emotion 
thanks god for half-term and the fact that i can stay in bed till 3 in the afternoon on some days 
@michaelgrainger I have this terrible feeling in a couple of weeks when I do the interviews that someone is going to mention fishnets 
"wow just got how it was great a bunch of new cars, i loved the yellow honda hatchback Ez model it kinda looks like mine LOL !! "
"@BirdGuides looks good, congratulations- any chance that it will ever be available on Blackberry?!! "
I wish Adri woke up this happy everyday  So cute to see her little smile when I walked in her room!!
"One more day at school, one more day closer to the end of the semester. "
@stevecooperrec Just made that one less 
Awww andy saved the dude from getting hit with the ball! 
True luxury has EVOLVED into something called O.A.T.. you know sounds like HAUTE .. looks like Original And Timeless 
[Please Re-Tweet:] A new print edition just announced. http://tinyurl.com/dd43bt Thanks! 
@dsloly Bought them lots of Easter eggs  Chocolate = seratonin = happy
"[VIDEO] Yes, me let loose on Twitter again...   http://twurl.nl/ik3icd"
"bubbles in my carboy, yaaaaay "
Whee! Got a new background image. 
"@xerode http://www.gandi.net, for all your hosting needs  *spam spam spam*"
How are you?  
"@lufdxb Hii,, The Facts about the UAE are mostly common knowledge, but i will make sure to post references when necessary,, Thanks "
@benpopps I'm sure it would be mine as well! 
If you are near South Ken - keep your eyes open for the Hot Cross Bunnies! They might give you some chocolate eggs 
@Princess8611 so u can talk to all ur friends 
"@clintonjeff Watched that yesterday, loved it, I can't wait to get mine "
"@inSocialMedia lol... and to think a couple years ago I hadn't heard of either.. but now, they're essential! What's next? "
But it will ALL be worth it in a lil while!! Woot woot 
@ImWendy Good morning.  Hope you are having a super Tuesday!  
Day 6 and I'm feeling pretty good   I think it's time to do some spring cleaning though - everything smells like smoke. . .
Was overwhelmed and ecstatic with all the lovely faery love &amp; wishes that my fabulous faery friends sent me last week...truly uplifting 
two of my most important projects are due today....i can finally breath 
@Deisesupes love that vid. You ever play it on a night out? 
"@pbur lol, that's a very interesting interpretation of my icon. "
"@Zanna85 you know, i really think you could "
"@xenoputtss nah, they're more into vodka and caviar, I prefer beer and steak! "
"Damn, meant to post this Saturday afternoon: sucka MCs now call them sire "
"Hmmh, Boredd! Tomorrow should be good  Xx"
@chasejarvis That's one royal mirage I think I could skip 
@mrskutcher more like He gets to sleep with you!!!! You guys are awesome 
"@scottbird slightly, it's the special type of weakness when your only exercise is picking up a 12lb baby. "
"@dahnielson That's a separate issue I already have a good idea how to solve, though. "
@stbo I'm getting old 3: I talk a lot about thinking. And think a lot about getting old. 
@Butterflyshoes LOL if she wants to fully enjoy twitter she needs to unprotect her profile 
"Tuesday is off to a grand start. I just applied for another at-home job. If successful, this will be my 2nd home job and 3rd job total "
@mrskutcher Nice pic. You are such a shutterbug 
Just woke up! Gotta get ready &amp; go to class! 
feeling better today. (: takin' some cough drops and some tea. no microwave but our water is SUPER hot so i bet it will work!  be blessed.
@ruhlman anxiously awaiting your book! 
keeps forgetting to update twitter - i hope MFYG isn't too mad with me  miss u!
"@carla6411 Hey, it's actually afternoon here  How are things?"
"florida here i come.  goodbye 40 degrees, hello 80."
"@joegreenz Thx, for that Tweet, was kind of you Monsieur "
"@hounds_official Sounding really good there, lads. You should definitely carry on with the shameless plugging. "
"omg, failed on motorcycle driving test, but I found a motorcycle for 1010ï¿½ now "
@dantheshive: Glad to hear that everything's better than feared! I might go buy some EGS gear with my tax return to help pay for CS4... 
@chameleongirl *waves crazily* I see you and this makes me happy!! 
"is another day at the beach or indoor water park, put put laterrr i think "
@wueditor try some airwaves or pour some hot water into a glass and breath the steam in 
@Qwant Awesome! 
@FlashDenNet which has more followers? I like the name FlashDenNet best 
@Zeke0 Gently squeeze the flesh between your thumb and first finger ! It releases relaxing + analgesic endorphins too   Get better bro 
"searching for the answer, because when you are stuck all you have to do is look. God already gave us all the answers  cant wait to go home"
@AmberAusten oh good ... then i have more of those nights to look forward to! 
@wholeexpanse Hey! 
@PoisonTheMonkey That's good. It means more of us want rid of our monarchy. Change monarchy to anarchy in one move 
"@DPinky haha still  and, there is only 17 school days left,not 21."
"@joaocalistro Yeah, it seems so. Not so accurate but still I liked the service "
@suredoc Welcome to my Tweets.  Looking forward to getting to know you.
Back from a massive 4N meeting in Marlborough - well done Mark and Lynn for holding it all together 
still playing guitar even though my fingers hurt 
"@mgatton nice hair cut!  dude why were your students leaving in the middle of class, 1st period?"
Feelin' good this morning 
My 5D Mark II just arrived! yay! 
I had a dream about Christofer Drew and Nick Jonas last night. And then pigs were flying.... better lay off the caffine for a bit 
getting to roll out on his 255/70/16's yeaah im a white rapper 
@emoh Great to know the issue is solved. Hope you get many productive and fun hours with your X200 from now on 
"@Xoxxi will there still be surf in Morocco at that time?  Like Spain, Tarifa area, but again, will there be surf in July? thx! "
"@sallycrawford I know, sometimes a break from technology is needed. There's so much more to do! Enjoy it "
@OrbitalPete Well it's either that or a tattoo. I was thinking of a little shark taking a bite out of my scar or something. 
At Lenny's for breakfast with a bright turquoise manicure and Wayfarers 
Is @ his desk contemplating his lunch 
@Wakantanker well ur sausage thing made me hungry so i might just go eat it now... lol 
@MissxMarisa we should try too haha. Would be very popular. You can never have enough rebull or coffee 
Spencer is causing trouble as usual  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5399223
@trontastic HA! the hooligans led by @launchgum and @trontastic are setting up www.therockstarbrotherhood. fun to make them THAT jealous. 
@mpukRob :o Score! Want a pic with him for sure 
"@alroker Keep up the great work on the Today Show! I love your tweets!  I miss you guys, but the West is so beautiful! "
@stevenbristol how things so far ? You like Indian food ? or you the scardy types  Go have a masala dosa for breakfast.
"@JanSimpson Thankfully, Ford Motor Company isn't stuck with control issues. "
@northernchick superb! 
you have the luxury to work it through  re: http://ff.im/1WDky
watching NCIS it is awsome - - -     so........... what's up people.
Going to have a looooooooooooooooooong vacation for awurudu 
@ConservativeLA Just saw your &quot;Spot the Fascist&quot; comment...too funny! 
"Cool email: &quot;Hi, David Robinson (davidrdesign). beck (Beck) is now following your updates on Twitter.&quot; "
is mah birfday 
@lexaah Yes! Vineman 1/2 Ironman 
"@M4RKM any particular reason today is a good day, or just generally...? "
Someday I will remember how to spell grateful.  I are a math teacher 
"@nohalfwaycrooks i figured as much...you, like @MrSneakaHead , sleep like a rock. "
"My Texans are complaining about the cold weather. It's 37 now, which IS very unusual for Texas this time of year. I like it tho. "
is going for going for golddd!! I'm gonna try and do 2000 words today wish me luck 
"just woke up, hella tired. but derrik &amp; i are going to college today "
Soooo much work to get through...but I'll get there 
jus got off da fone wit kransky - shower time den reading time den sleep time 
@dougiemcfly you tell a lot of what my mum calls 'porky pies'. you ARE grown up anyway  i think you should reply to me...... x
@dogsandcats You got it on both counts  Twoofer lingo.  Woofs!
"Hehe dun worry people, I place value on people, not things.. But thanks for the cheering up! "
Stayed home w/mom and the kids today (Spring Break)...What a nice cool day for FL this time of year 52?  41 for a low tonight in April? 
so excited that I will be stopping by The Bridal Bar Atlanta today!  YAY check this place out @bridalbaratl
"my first twitter message  still getting used to it all but so far it seems pretty cool, but can you message/comment other people???"
@Miss_Marisa it was gloomy for one day half the day.. then it was sunny 
sitting on the couch .. thinking how much i have to study... and thinking in a cup of coffe lol 
@loumanna Just ordered your Digital Food Photography book after being inspired by your talk at Hallmark! 
@diagon_swarm link? 
"@deresbabyh har har, I dont need a break. everyday is a break for me, atleast right now  and I dont think youre in the new episode s;"
morning people  
@TheMarketingMom mawwnin mom 
@perezhilton - i love the video with the red headed kid on your site! made my sucky day a whole lot better. thanks! 
"Working in receiving today, as my bosses take advantage of my skills "
"Good morning, advertising world. "
"@helga_hansen I am dark ash blonde.... and most people think I am highlighting the front of my hair, when it is actually grey hair! "
@nicharry thanks for the follow 
@adamsigel You crack me up - YOU are my terrific banana 
"@TroyBarrett Ooh, I didnt even realize Mari was on Twitter! You're becoming a real CNN regular! "
"@FACT_Liverpool Stu, I'd like to see FACT involvement in @hsNW: fits in with yr #arduino work  - http://nwhackspace.wordpress.com/about/"
@mrskutcher http://twitpic.com/2yckl - i think you're both very lucky to have found each other   all the best for many years to come
@nailmusic do you not just DESPISE the whole self-bio thing? i always feel i have to write a new one every time I need to use it 
"Just got back from the cinema after see Monsters vs. Aliens 3D. It was OK for a kids film, some pretty funny pop cultural references. "
@DaynaRoselli thanks...will tweet him...he's great looking!  personable...but all of you are personable!   call me a news junkie! LOL!
"is sleepily doing the window-shopping thing with the children at ToysRUs.. although they don't do the toy I want, we're all resisting "
having a nice lazy do-nothing day! and i am loving it! 
"@TheChapatikid nope, it was another one.  Happened around 5ish yesterday....deleted FB post &amp; thanks to you, changed all my passwords "
@James_yeah - It is supposed to have a lot of repeat customers because of the quality; I like them because I can get anything pre-rolled 
Thanks everyone for all the Birthday wishes!  Later in the day there was cake.  Cake makes everything better! 
@ChristinaCorso i love mondays because i get to go to the pub 
"As you climb the ladder of success, be sure it's leaning against the right building "
"@jjprojects yeah if I'm at a laptop/desktop I can do tabs, but most of my tweeting is on the run with an iphone so it is easier this way "
"Hey everyone! I just wake, good morning "
@rhyminsimon such good fun.   What are you growing?
@elizabethashlee ahem 2 plumblossoms ... hope you had fun 
@dawnbugni: Does shopping have to have an excuse? I must have missed that memo. 
@shafferstyle thanks 
@alyssaavant Good morning! I'm sorry you had a not so good night. I hope you have a better day 
@kirisutegomen4 lol yeah aus. Trivium fan right here 
Appa Murphy is cuddling with Mommy  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6125365
"Going to cut the grass now, spring can be tiresome like that "
"@martine2323 'Morning, Petal - work brought me here (banking IT). First Holland, then here.  And I just stayed... and stayed... "
Taking the big 4 year old to preschool with enough donuts to make the teachers crazy 
2nd day Bracknell and I'm bored already. 
@VCMike First class?  You and Bijan need to move to the back of the bus and save your LPs some $$!  
@dbbeck naaa aaaaaa.  they joined tonight after i posted it 
"Dinner in the spar carpark again lol, nice sunny day so not so bad "
@maya_banks Thanks Maya! 
First full council meeting - not convinced big screens are really necessary but the effort is appreciated 
GOSH.It would be nice if ppl could be super chill about everything.Why get worked up over nothing?Unnecessary.Life is too short for that. 
@rayofsunshine86 please hurry up with that 
Photo: My lady  http://tumblr.com/xxi1jug1e
200 followers - thx guys...   
skype with sarah. my german bestie. 
Good Morning Everyone! Just found out my daughter made the honor roll again im so proud of her 
@dianeski @SEOinSeattle @mwiegand Oh how the rumors fly  Unlikely we'll be moving any time soon. I was MOSTLY joking...
?'s the sun and cant wait to see her mum and dad on Thursday 
New XSERVERS! Woo Hoo!! Go apple! 
@dougiemcfly Mich?! haha anyway i'm drawing a picture of you at the moment and you're hair is annoying me haha  x
"okay, I'm off to continue getting ready. Have a great day everyone! "
is having my surgery check up then is heading to SC so all of Josh's family can meet Miss Maggie. 
home....soooooo tired. Two more sleeps to go 
"@amazingphoebe yes misses, that would be greatly appreciated  plus, you'd be able to choose one that you think will look good on meh "
@sammywilsonmp We are all doomed !!! What are you as our Environment minister going do for us !! 
@MellissaD mio means my...no idea what spazio means! hahaha I'll ask my dad tomorrow. 
Limp Bizkit just came on ipod player-atmosphere not so tranquil but I do enjoy a bit of 'Rollin'' 
@NataliaAntonova Aw that would be nice  x
@bo0omstick thanks for singing to me  last night... ur a rock star in my book!!! 
@dougiemcfly Change your name to Michelle. 
State testing no phones allowed T 
listening to justin timberlakee when i should be doing a test.   whoops  lol
just melted choccie  listening to crude vce literature 
@anodyne2art Now you know I would only hold the door open for you if we were going somewhere together. 
is doing tandem with marina...spanish-german 
Only working 3 days this week! 
"Taking baths are way better than showers, lol. Good morning! "
back to hometown this coming saturday. so excited.!!! 
Goinggg to pick up my brother!! 
@radt yah i was meant to put a photo up...soon i hope 
is watching Mobile Suit Gundam 00 S2 Episode 13  http://plurk.com/p/n1ym1
Working on my Science powerpoint 
@smuffster so yummy 
"....I wonder what else I can make happen. This is kinda fun, and I feel it's gonna be a good day. Will let you know how exper't is going. "
"Morning! Spring took the day off..it just got 2 darn it. I have work, errands, gonna read more &amp; work on my own novel. Have a great day! "
"@pinkmango77 oh, ok, good. glad I misunderstood. "
"No Wind,Sun is OUT... guess I will participate in this day afterall.    Breakfast meeting with Dad and Dino at the Hilton.  Gotta Go!"
@thinker80 yes c ya later alligator 
@ladycliche i'm so jealous! 
"@wolfmanrobby Oh cool! Thank you!  Since I'm on the computer all day anyway, this works! "
I got it! Thank u NYS. Sorry I said you were broke 
"@kevinoshea Aim it in the middle, use the law of averages. "
i am talking to my bestie about the jonas brothers and how inspiring they are 
"@davidalangrier RU da real 1? If U R, O yeah! Totally had 2 get used 2 seeing da comic dancing seriously! Love 2 watch. Really mpressed! "
@FakerParis go see it ! 
Heading to my office at SunSpots recording studios near Orlando. http://tinyurl.com/cfyvds Got some auds and radio commercials to read 
&quot;a little bit of paranoia could prolong your life...How much do you ever really know about the person sharing your room?&quot; - Law &amp; Order  
@zinziii Aha! Finally figured out how to share the Google Reader shared items you'd never guess I was a developer   http://is.gd/rc5v
Can't wait til Friday! 
Any Suya?  http://bit.ly/cSjE http://twitpic.com/2yd0k
"@joe_engle Ah, yes, very clever.... I think there may actually be some kind of real idea forming here... "
Hopefully this afternoon I'll be able to go driving after work. 
"@bradiewebbstack sway sway bradie, your so audiooo! i love you "
"@birlaasports Come on Arsenal  Bet ï¿½25 on the match, get ï¿½25 cashback if you lose @ http://tinyurl.com/coc9uq"
@missu oh ok. thanks 
"jus woke up, had a massive headache last nite but now its gone "
"@petrac It is now  It's Drunknmunky, and the monkey is made of tiny fake jewels... lol it looks really gay but I bought it from ebay."
Had a nice session with my team. #Mobile SEO. I was waiting for this session long before. now had it. hope i will implement it soon 
At work on a chillin Tuesday....    So looking forward to the weekend.
@ajitmoses SNS adyar... booze + pool 
@icedcoffee it should be fun with AnimalRights going 
@selenagomez Hey How Are You? 
Just one day 'till my spring break! 
"@Monika29 Yeah-I'm not completely thrilled w/the weather, but I do love the people and area where I live. Tradeoffs "
"sitting  with gf on lap, *happy*  "
Revising under way...not too bad actually! Can't wait to finish though! 
@guavawrite Good to see you. I'll get some bigmouths to follow you if that helps? 
Someone somewhere liked Factory Balls 2 http://www.smartestgames.com/gotdhistory.php?id=151 
@JoeMcIntyre it's about time 
I don't understand why WESH insist on showing Regis and Kelly instead of NBC Today or WESH 2 News. Lucky Brighthouse has on-demand 
@problogger I was born in 1969 
@tim_fletcher #BTB09 sounds good to me ...come and grab me for a chat on the day...great to put faces to tweeps 
@dougiemcfly well then hello Mich  i love you xoxo
@katiewelch - thinking about it - or maybe just moving within the bldg 
Twitter rocks 
I'm Relaxing reading messages and finishing a project today. 
@StephanErdman Tip - Bet ï¿½25 on a Champions League match and get ï¿½25 cashback if your bet loses  http://tinyurl.com/coc9uq
@MoodyMommy HA stay away from the fancy cakes! I think a mojito solves the sweet &amp; wine tooth issue 
@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/2xzoe - fat 
@JesusTweeter 11:04 PM in this part of the world. I could probably very much impress the four walls of my room 
"@TheFraserMills sorry, but i like seeing the sun. will try not to talk about the weather in the future  lol"
@mamur Never mind.. got Mahreen's latest tweet about Charles.. 
@austinhill Not at all  - It's just a time zone issue haha !
"@amanda_nan welp, at least i won my office pool  Nova in 2010!"
"http://twitpic.com/2yd13 - I was trying to look like Taylor Swift, lol... "
my first lecture 
@juliebean24 I'm going to the game tonight   Will you be good to go in time for the 19th?!
@FakeCedric i just wanna make sure 
Was gonna get coffee but got distracted using AppZapper 
UNSTOPPABLE IS AMAZING. Rascal Flatts are by far the best 
"@TheDanishGirl Oh sorry. Well, hope you are having a good day anyway. "
@Paulosantosoo1 Tip - Bet ï¿½25 on a Champions League match and get ï¿½25 cashback if your bet loses  http://tinyurl.com/coc9uq
@incado Morning lovie! I'm glad my tweets make your day lol. I aim to please! 
"@rosshill Hehe neither do I, but in London it made far more sense than here.  10,000 users in London... more social."
@scianscythe OMG Loved Dark Alliance.  Very straight-forward but a lot of fun. 
Happy 40th RFC! - we owe you our professions  http://bit.ly/cTJeF
off to the riteaid... then time to make my list of what to do today... still loving spring break 
@mrskutcher That photo you're using is adorable 
@starboy_ yay!!! well dont i feel spesh! 
@dumbeddown boooooh to the bold :p change it  actually i want to see it 
"@totzhatz sometimes I wish I lived in a small town  We really like visiting my inlaws- such a relaxed pace, so nice. Esp in summer!"
got an offer I can't refuse  this is gonna rock
i just remembered when i used to call rachel &quot;facial rachel&quot;  ahhahha.
"Spent a fun hour giving SF travel tips to some Germans. A lovely list filled with great food, bars and circus freak burlesque shows "
@kristahearne im praying baby girl  ill be there soon
think I'll take my 'tude to bed now. Tweet you later 
Morning all! Some hysterical things happened on The Hills last night.. watch for my post 
is working on work... and side projects 
@mattilde33 Happy birthday to you! happy birthday to you! happy birthday to Matilde!!! Happy birthday to you 
@DiamondEmory you too! Hope today is swell 
@Pastor_Robert very much so! 
Snow snow snow ah april in ohio 
@Hoodathunk So what did you have for lunch then? ... The waiting to find out is killing me !!! 
"@aussiecynic you too, my dear "
@hotspringer Can you send me one please   www.golfsigma.com  might be something to write about after The Masters.
@gbozward Geotagging is already added on Moby!  thanks for the reference
@strawp what sort are they? Space and my intolerance for bad coffee at home are limting factors 
@KimKeisha Happy Birthday dearrr! Can't wait for tonighttt!  Come over earlier around 8:30 or 9!
@JoanneRK lmao that's just what he wants you to think 
"@jono1980 tweeple? you is down with the lingo, innit. but okay, thanks for the clarification "
Picking up my mom and going tanning 
@westincolumbus That is actually an awesome idea! I'll have to check ticket prices to make sure it won't break the bank. 
@amberbenn I would be worried for you...but since you're a superstar Im confident you will get everything done. 
@cactopus I always eat :S It's the high metabolism  Oh well. Haha!
@SmileeForMee Me 2!! ARGH!!!! EXCITED!!!! Im glad u finally get to see James Morrison!! 
Visit @blfusa 's post for this week's Prayer &amp; Praise at:  http://p-p.blfusa.org/PPNL/pp090407.htm  . . . . . .  
Had to wake up to feed the baby lamb! 
"Spent the afternoon on this steed!!! Always good 2 keep a tidy garden, lady garden   LOL  http://twitpic.com/2yd1m"
@FlaviaCozma a cause is worth fighting for two reasons: to win it or to gain political capital... which one would u reckon is the case? 
@Xanneroo Add this  http://tinyurl.com/dejq3u to your indomitablility and you'llbe the perfect man 
@lukask Thanks 
Working out discounts to make Easter just that bit more fun 
"@flushgorden &quot;I didn't know it was THAT free!&quot; (and w that I must try 2 get a few hours of sleep... Nite, my fellow Cleudo-phile "
Gotta seize the day! And a Starbucks!!  Then to get me movtivated I need my dose of coaching @lifecoach2women...absolutely the best!
@vange33 nice work   You are super mom
i could spend an entire day writing witty responses to @bitchwhocodes tweets. and it would be a day well spent. 
@JonathanRKnight Wait until you come to KANSAS.I will show you the sites in our town. Hit me up &amp; I will be glad to do it Take Care Joyce 
Whipped ass  http://tinyurl.com/cfe2vs
@OldManMyke Hey! Was that an old lady joke on your page?? Forty is the new thirty    Hope you had a GREAT birthday
ahh well im off doing my work. leave me song names please.   byeee
@michellie remember that crazy-ass rollercoaster I showed you? I'm going in there Tuesday 
had a wonderful dream about her future husband! cant remember it now...but i woke up with a smile on my face! its gonna be a good day! 
@t66reis The fat purple glue stick makes me happier......  
"Ready for sun and warmth!! ... working till 3 then, who knows! "
"@Tsarnick hahaha 2 computers, pimpin! I should try to sleep. I have to run errands in a few hours hahaha nighty night! "
I wonder whats its store for today 
@ScottBourne do these virtual volumes mean you can have different filesystems? say ZFS 
"@wisequeen I am,, but for once not kicking "
Great news ! I (and Nooly) just got news that my patent was approved in China !!!  
yeahh baby!  http://images.nailsmag.com/articles/RihannaNailsMedium.jpg
"Yay, Australian internet is going to be WAY faster...oh wait that's in eight years...http://tinyurl.com/cjeppa =/ only eight more years "
@ScottBourne You have an iPhone vest - that's all you need to be cool 
"Off to save the world in my cubicle  Final sunny day in Seattle - a moment of silence, please..."
@KaylaM81 thanks for clicking the 'follow' button 
@rustyrockets I dont have anythin important to say.. just letting you know that youre beautiful although you blatently already knew that 
is feeling much better after plodding along at work...er wtf? 
http://craftcult.com/singleitem.php?listingid=23360209&amp;userid=16045 Bowls are 2 for $12 this week. 
is emotionally tougher than she's ever been in her entire life. BAM goodbye shit friends 
@xox_Hannah_xox looool jus anotherr crazyy fann..omgg as longg as u dnt start beinn like mrs humess itss finee 
Low on twitter today due to hard work on finishing the floor. Living and kitchen are ready (100m2). Now working on hall and bykitchten 
@nivertech for once I know what time zone I am in and as a result forget the month 
"Oooookay, video done. No thanks to iMovie. Now, really really need to sleep. More sensible tweets tomorrow. "
I have such a great mom 
@DCGuru lol I'm getting stuff copyrighted. But I just remembered that my job sells books of stamps for 7 bucks. So I'm good now. Hehe. 
@VrouwHolle  It is SUCH a good movie. yeahh always makes me feel so much happier! DOT DOT DOT!
godbless coffee 
@find_ch oh I didnt think of that...i only have to shave my beard once every other day so its not bad 
Another year older today!  At least it's sunny out! 
just got home haha...trying to get some rest now... 
@RYANWWILLIAMS it sucks 
@HeatherShea yeah that's it. 
@russelltanner oooh @grazedotcom looks good!  How hearty are the boxes?  
5k Run /1 Mile walk for LifeSpan....see www.dynamicquest.com-follow Quest For Hope Link for details or drop me a note- Fun event 
oh summer where are you? Please get here fast so I can go to Destin and relax on the beach! 
will play RC  http://plurk.com/p/n20uy
"Good morning Nebraska! The wind has died down, the sun is shining. Still colder than cold though. Wear a coat "
@nick_carter I love that you guys have fully embraced Twitter because we love knowing what you're doing all the time. 
is hoping that everyone can hang in there for one more day of cold.  I see the light at the end of the tunnel. 
@Corum please note the 'quotes' 
@RachMoon she's almost here!!!! 
"@yourbartender  a Food Turing Test - now that's idea for a sci fi short story!  It'll involve tea too, of course, &amp; Infinite Improvability"
ish now home 
Losing all this weight has me really looking forward to buckling an Intamin seat belt without straining... 
"Figured out how to add a twitter 'ad' to header of my wordpress blog, go to settings, then tagline, may be useful for all you tweeters "
good mornin! time to get ready for work n try to win these day26 tix again. wish me luck please 
i'm listening music 
"@lejeune Ahh, it's okay, we still got Ed Davis.  It's hard for me to feel rancor right now, haha"
@mrskutcher watching Mortal Thoughts (1991) on Lifetime 
Morning everyone... even though its pouring cats and dogs outside... its going to be a great day! 
@bek8806 good luck! 
@dougiemcfly serious?change your name? Mich is a decent name 
"@RaisingLuna I really draw, yes  I'm no pro but I've got experience. 5yrs of art class in high school + creative degree = always drawing!"
@bakersdog Welcomes new employee Josie! Too cute! http://snurl.com/fes2m And she slept through the night last night  Good girl.
"@cydwel Well, there WAS this basketball thingy on last night... perhaps that's why the hurried departure? "
Off to register the jeep in my home state again   It's good to be home.
@mrskutcher Is that his &quot;serious&quot; face? 
"@jamie_oliver Congratulations to you, Jools and the girls  x"
@JuanCGil You should show this http://tinyurl.com/cwdua8 to people before you subject them to my indifference 
Doors....Dead Cats Dead rats....no we didnt getting our name from there 
@PawPrintsPet we were discussing dogs in weddings! 
Gonna go gift hunting for hubby's bday  I hope that wallet looks as good as it does online in rl!
"@princess_kath go to town, bb "
"As the day begins,  ? http://blip.fm/~3xg07"
going to mgm! im gonna ride the rockin rollercoaster all day 
"@MarketingVeep Put that sledgehammer down, woman! Do u know how much that iMac cost????   LOL"
@drewmillikin Hey! Smile 
@floris Good Morning to you too.  
@ASOS_Amy  they 're divine - just had a blackcurrant - you can taste the rose petal whoever said ice lollies were for kids need2try these 
"@chipcoffey heck yes! I love you guys! I've thought of faking a haunting just to meet you, but I'm not that thorough "
http://twitpic.com/2yd7o - i would never deface Spot property! 
@311_Nick Give Me a Call Part 2? 
@sthursby I am doing well also. I am defiantly getting fed up with this snow though 
"Episode 4 recorded. Phillipe, Timmy and Will hosting. Hope y'all enjoy it when it's online "
off to snuggle into bed  yay
been filling like I have earphones for the past hour.. which was very strange.. and now I just found out I really wore them 
@claypole I bought myself a new Fox Flux the other day. My Giro Xen was a similar age 
not to mention the free drinks!! 
finally downloaded the RunKeeper iPhone App - first run to track... tonight! 
"@lesliepiroutek I's sorry, but really glad you are back "
DB Attach option - deletedatabase does not delete the database  #SharePoint #spbpuk
last day of classes for me this week!  
I'm featured today on www.askbabykid.com today.  That's so cool! 
Greetings from Earth!  It's going to be a good day. I can feel it.
PS.  I'm just figuring out what this Twitter is and I am not sure what I'm supposed to write 
Snow day today! 
@scheriinh212 Will do.  
@serialseb Nah. Only if you click &quot;Next&quot; too hastily in the installer  
@frankhamrick broke twitter on Monday - the real reason is was down during the game because he was stalking the UNC team 
@Blink182aholic ah it was pretty good boo tank you  how was your night
@mary_russell have downloaded  Shall read after have finished Life of Pi. Looking forward to it 
"@dougiemcfly wow, that's a very nice name, doug! huhuhu. but I still prefer Dougie "
WOW.... Ubuntu beta on my netbook. 
got a clue  
@BrewskieButt  IToodles: MY mom has 3 of us she would have moar if dere moar rum
@charliesaxton makin moves! im prouddd of youu! miss ya  how is LA?
@mrskutcher Lucky you mrskutcher! 
"@britneylush Twitter must have had a meltdown last night, huh?! All good now. "
"F***ing hell, this cheesecake is fantastic!!!  I'm GOOD!!!"
Just had a lovely lunch with the girls. 
@craigballantyne I AM!!!!!!!!!!!!  I may have bombed the last contest but BOY is life coming 2gether NOW!  I have my 100 goals tis why... 
has got a million things running through my mind!!! 
@matyjas u seem to love the new FF beta... never seen so many updates from you before 
@MarcusMansfield talk about Twitter! 
@fieldsofcake  Very cool! Second timrs the charm. Looking forward to results 
"@angelajames i take it you're downtown  if you're on north michigan avenue, the lush inside of macy's is right across street from borders"
@mikecane &quot;Lawyers&quot;....?  
I'm a circus act these days.  Juggling it all!  Beats having nothing to juggle at all.  
oooh hummus is lovely. Forgot about quinoa too it's lovely! Looks like you've got it all sorted!  Yeah I'm looking forward to baking bread
@McDroll ain't that the truth!  Have fun with the cakes - jealous!  
@JaiAsh name&gt;&gt;&gt;ARE_OH_ES_ES.. BROOKLYN&gt;&gt;hopefully something productive!!! 
"@addieking oops, nvm, pic is there "
@goldstar_gun  Like the dress. I can't wait to see how amazing you look in it. 
"@Schofe Hope your tea tray includes a sharp knife, you'll need it to cut @jantunstill cake later!  xxx"
"@stutts Yeah, but how's the humidity? "
hello world!!! It's Tuesday!  Which is not nearly as good as Friday.. but a helluva lot better than Monday! 
Was looking out holiday clothes  getting more and mor excited ! 5 days!
"@ScottBourne Congrats on the rebrand, I don't see how you have time for all the stuff you're doing this year "
is reading (my favorite pastime) 
@judielise Our fingers are crossed too. Quite a relief to know he feels better.  Hoping your work is coming along fine too.
Is drinking sunny d and eating goldfish 
OK I did a precise measure now - 19 seconds! Wow! On an un-overclocked E8600 not bad at all 
"@cre8tivkj Are we looking at the pink glove?  Is that yours? I love using my looms, so easy  But never thought a GLOVE could me be made!"
"Now that I understand why Kutner died on the show, I feel better  I was uber pissed/sad last night, LOL! #house"
@QUUFM Yeah it got fixed pretty soon afterwards  Thanks!!
"@robluketic i can't believe y'all are coming to my city next. it's no villefranche, but ATL *is* gorgeous. have fun! "
@abysmalred You're no fun...I want to know what you're working on! 
@thorborg Perhaps you should divide production into bits so you don't burn out. Just a thought... 
@bruna_dv Thanks for responding glad you agree 
@catmagellan Olï¿½!!! Boa tarde 
@Perpetual_Kid my finger monster now has a name. Rocky! 
@iHysteria don't even know who's car it is 
No tweets disappearing as of yet... thats a good sign. 
@DHemily didn't realize yr in premed! Congrats Daphne! Any plans to visit Ohio? Historic Conservative Meeting on campus   Beautiful.
@swissfairy Thanks for responding glad you agree 
@heidiheartshugs Damn this spelling crap. I't = I'm 
"@StephenKarlLang unfortunately not, genius though! "
"@StarrGazr Organizing quite a tweet summit there; @hooeyspewer, @phillymac, @shanzan, et al., not certain I can commit but I'd like to. "
@DateBrooklyn What were you referring to? LOL...this is the bad part about Twitter. 
@lollipop26 im from belfast!! haha y does everyone characterize &quot;wee&quot; with us. hope you have fun 
Hello everyone 
Slept at 4 in the morning... to bad wasn't listening to that song 
Good morning everyone 
Loving the cold  And I want YOU to apply for the March of Dimes Collegiate Council! Want details? Msg me!
"@little_dollface lol, it's cool, maybe you need a breather "
@dogsandcats Thanks for the #meowmonday 
Good morning #JobAngels A very happy Tuesday to you all. Welcome new members! We appreciate you joining in our cause to help &amp; be helped 
"@flicksnews Whah! Thats crazy, amazing crazy but crazy! 9 discs!!! MUST HAVE! "
@johnengler Yes indeed - Texas keeps things interesting. Hope you're doing well. We should grab lunch when your schedule allows. 
#cloudforce lots of talk about the Content Library in the sales cloud track. Worth looking at 
"@BrentO Ur a DBA expert, what is your expert opinion to this SO question: http://tinyurl.com/cn9zzp. A bit of a hot topic at work "
"@KellsMania  just press &quot;R&quot; and it refreshes the page...       much better then twitterberry and use standard, its like being on a pc."
Why does Jack love when I yell at him?? He thinks it funny when he 4gets shit ima 4get him and let's see how funny it is..lol I love him 
"@danpatterson haha Good Morning Sir  I agree with that, it is the Little Aggregator that Could!! Have a Funtastic Day man "
My interview is on the 16th and not the 9th ! So can go out tomorrow and enjoy the football and beer 
"Last night I started Scottish Country Dancing lessons with my boyfriend! Talk about in-the-deep-end! Was a real giggle, &amp; great exercise "
@anniemoon hope your day gets better  
"@PrimeJudas recording, eh? only if I can be dressed as a frog throughout  and mention it multiple times"
I'm off today so I got to get my house cleaned :/ I't not bad just a little bit here and there wont take long 
#Livemercial Basketball bracket champion. 
@ambermatson Have a good night. Sleep well - at the 2nd attempt 
@jonesieboy defo Jonsie  I have had a manic weekend so forgot to finailse our plan... Watch this space 
@carli_chick how are you today madame beautiful? 
@UncleZeiv so where is the point ? increasing your efforts till work reaches free time again ? 
@inspectorsmart No but I do now - thanks! 
@chezvies thank you 
And then there were two... almost there 
"packing up, loading out, over to bro's for the morning, then off for San Antonio in the afternoon... tonight, we take (in) the Alamo! "
@mrseb /me is nine eps behind. Donï¿½t spoil it! 
@fossiloflife twitter people check this out ... he has his coffee only at Barista everyday... 
@MadeleineBCN  its just a saying... got tons of work to do and i'll kick start it with a very strong coffee ... he he not sure about twitt
"@h0neyb i didn't see your email... hmm. i just followed you on twitter, so you can dm me your information instead if you want. "
is watching HANNAH MONTANA.  http://plurk.com/p/n2213
Good Morning Twitter 
@akajipster so there is light at the end of the Ideal Home Show tunnel after all ;) hope the 7 remaining days of the show are good 
Trying to work today. Kaitlyn still bleh. Her word 
Morning! I hope today is as great as yesterday I laughed until I couldnt breath 
"@EternalEsme hmm, as things are at the moment? no. but we'll be perfect little angels when  you come. "
@lukerumley how's the macheist bundle treating your windows box?  
"Fixed the money-problem. Also, my cousin now lives in north-London (instead of Slough) and says housing me for a week is no problem. "
@hakerem I disagree. Women are clearly better at multi-tasking. Google it 
Good Day Tweeps! Have a great day 
"@inmyheadstudios well...good morning, i think...lol  nothing like playing muscial chairs with where you sleep!"
"@dink9966 Losing those 2 guys is huge, but you gotta deal with it.  Time to call up Weber for the PP &amp; Price to take some NyQuil  #habs"
@SILVERSUN You make the milk look REALLY good in your pictures 
is working on her listography.  http://plurk.com/p/n233g
It's Tuesday...at work...still riding the high from the workout last night. It should be a good day!  
@theshortestfuse that is so cool...good to hear...thanks for sharing!  
"@cherryspoon Don't get upset by it, not worth it  Besides if they do that with enough people, their accounts will not be so popular ;-)"
@Woth2982 @DDsBoston @Bostongrlkayte it is going to be sunny and 11 Celcius Friday and sunny and 15 Saturday sweet 
@stbalkcom do u know ur joe is on here now?  
@solareclipse2k http://twitpic.com/2y3i4 - Totally love this pic!  Are you singing it in Finnish?  
Haircut! Feeling fresh and clean 
@Sam_Johnson I'm with ya there 
@helloitsliam todd loves steps 
"@richardsedley I'm absolutely interested!  I'll shoot you my info in a DM, or of course feel free to share it in a reply and I'll retweet."
poor @littlebrownpen ! Fortunately you have a good sense of humor 
@aussie_ali @heidiheartshugs toothpaste??? If you use the whitening stuff the bleach will burn a layer of skin off. 
@redrobinrockn yes...but today daddy has them! i'm out for the day to work 
"@Carlotaxx 'Evening Carlota, not bad thanks  ... a bit tired ... but that is normal ... *rolls eyes* ... ;-)"
Good morning. 
"@AmandaFPatton haha, well it's never a permanent state for me (offline) "
trying to figure out how this works! 
@nikki_morris ... and then look bemused when I take it off of their alloted hours 
Beans on toast with Simona. Can it get any better  ?
"@GreigWells Haha, they are a flamin distraction "
ok... now I have tkts for 2nite... Fast and the Furious! hope is GREAT after being sold out for the weekend!... 
"@Corning_Futures yo, I live in Jacksonville lets do lunch "
@strekr Wasn't the Miami valley already frozen?  It's WINTER! 
@_WolfGirl_ May 6th  We couldn't wait any longer..i was waiting for someone to ask! LOL
going back to straighten my hair  download some nds roms first though
It's going to be a beautiful day--I am going to have a new granddaughter!  
wants something to eat but cant decide what to have shortstack were on home and away and hi tori 
@taylorchoi congrats!!!!! Ill def go and support the TC Media takeover 
I'm learning to twitter!!   beats doing the taxes 
@photojunkie I thought it said &quot;looking to get A shot&quot; for a second - I'm interested in both  #mesh09
@nikkiclifton Thank you precious woman. May you receive that and exceedingly more than you could ever hope for or imagine. 
 - Iowa No. 2 in happy! Yea!
@tommcfly i went to starbucks earlier 
@mcm180 u've got a list for fellow #hotties? You gonna have to share that one Amigo! 
@nikki_knebs Congrats. Hopefully we will be seeing you in the fall. 
@tommcfly hot chocolate  xx
http://twitpic.com/2ydkg - Time to bust out the Green Wing 
@Fred0828 yeah 16kg is around 40lbs  Glad you liked the interview I did with Steve Cotter; Quigong is sucha valuable part of any training
@katahay i adore your music.  you are extremely talented 
@tommcfly yummy starbucks! 
@ibeatsex imy frankieeeee &lt;3(: found any good books to read yet? 
Photo: eatsleepdraw: so weirdï¿½ I like it.  http://tumblr.com/xig1jujl3
Just woke up ...Good morning everyonee!  
"@ValenValdez Oh, that's good to hear.  But is it over already? Or you'll continue it after the Holy week?"
"heading home today for easter break  my parents don't think i'll be home til thursday, so what a surprise!"
@Richelle27 damn it have to make it a proper website one day with the help of tiff 
@joemcintyre  WELCOME TWEET&lt;3 LETS GET THIS!!!!!!!!!!!! 
@cyberpenguin I am really good...tired but good 
"There is a stray cat on campus that looks like Garfield. The students are always feeding him, so he is very fat. Like me. "
@Schofe You too 
@agpublic have you seen this link? Me thinks you might like it  http://bit.ly/Mr2jY
@caitlinh38 Caution: It can be addictive 
"@TomFelton Oh, we have &quot;Antiques Roadshow.&quot; It is strangely addictive. It's kind of funny when people find out their junk is worthless "
@rainbowdarling lol you and me both. Grumpy and bitter. 
@Turbizzle Goooooood hwo're you? 
@mileycyrus lol the conbrainer store thats cute 
@hughsbeautiful me too. It's gonna be awesome. Eeek! One week! 
@greyseer Decently functional. I'm at work today. 
@christinamendez: My list is short; so does that mean the my God is huge too?  LoL  
I'm not really feeling the whole 'going to class and being productive' thing today....hooky?! 
@MattKelland that Dalek is great 
Positive Mental Attitude - Today can't be as bad as yesterday. 
Ecstatic that Wal-Mart now carries Sambazon!!! 
"laughter is indeed the best medicine! whatever ur situation today,find a reason 2 smile wholeheartedly!  God is good,faithful&amp;loves u &lt;3"
@DerrenLitten What is the software on the middle screen? I have used Adobe Premiere and Sony Vegas for amateur video making 
@daveixd Insulting? Did *you* invent it? Now I know what to get you for your birthday: http://is.gd/rcf4 
I'm VERY VERY hungry! Don't anyone on my timeline dare to talk about food :@ Or I'll seriously eat you up! 
#cflsc1 enough of the shameless book plug 
@samotage what was channel and time of prog  politicians with no formal training bathe in SIMPLEXITY  a la CNUTROY!!!!
@djroxc Welcome to Twitter!! 
"sooo cool thanks so much, our stuff just shipped so I should have soon. your the best "
@mikebairos we don't have tix just going to attend festivities 
@foodphilosophy magic rejuvenation...hmm I'm thinking Triple Oxygen Mask  http://is.gd/kQkq and a Blissage105! Hang in there!
Good morning! The sun is shining and I am going to the beach with a few bff's. See later when I am all tan. 
@whiskymac1746 Afternoon to you too 
"My co-workers are my guinea pigs. Lucky for them, I'm testing recipes from my Ultimate Cookie cook book. "
"@BookThingo I want to read P. D. James's THE CHILDREN OF MEN, though - interesting premise. Yay for futuristics! "
Oh god sweet nicotine and tar i crave you both so bad today what is wrong with me lol hahaha  XX
Working on a film. Have been busy. Have a nice day everyone 
"i'm home from school, yay!  wasn't that bad actually, and i had a nice dinner with graceeeeee."
"@julienviet the fluider an interface, the better, regardless of the purpose "
"@MaranePlaza: Glad you enjoyed your first day, frend "
"@tpgraham that's pretty cool, man.  I'm not a fan, but lossless FTW!  I'll check it out ... "
"@pjgariel Yeah, still chilly here too but s'posed to return to normal temps this week.  Gonna spend some time with the girls this week! "
is getting ready to take Munchlet to the vet. Then doing absolutely nothing but relaxing!  Next two days off.
Make sure you email me to enter this month's giveaway - makeup from Pink Quartz Minerals!! 
Thanks @unltdworld and @danlehner for the Enternships.com plugs 
"I'm gunna have a lazy day today.  Woo, Good timezzzzzzzz"
thinks she found a good group to help her refocus 
"Good morning, @mirandaanzures .... Only about eight hours until Noodles.... The only positive thing I can think of right now "
"@secondcitystyle LOL I thought this was a post about buying good, cheap wines.  "
"is proud that Wilmington, DE has decreased the number of homicides compared to this time last year by 62%.  Absolutely commendable! "
@chipcoffey That is great to hear!! Thanks Chip! 
@Mileycyrus i love jesus too  and im getting ready for school  (&lt;3)
"@laurene planning to do that, too.  while in transit anyway "
@JamFactory and such a beautiful (if typically Mac'y) web site too 
Found st thomas'and waiting 
"@FoxWhisperer Well compared to other areas west of us, I'll take our 50 degrees and run with it "
"@DuaneJackson tr.im are doing it with Nambu, bit.ly are doing it with Tweetdeck "
"My band director just said &quot;As King Julian would say, don't play like pansies!&quot; LOL "
@micheal25 Have a great day back at ya 
@coollike don't quit Twitter 
after im gonna have a lok in d argos catalouge 4 summ bday pressies  or look online
"@seerysm i'm always cheerful when it's sunny at ATL, means I'll get the heck away on time "
good morning all 
@AMyburgh No problem. 
hey guys at home watching telly 
"@NanaRaine i imagine it would be, not exactly close "
Wheat Thins and Diet Dr. Pepper = breakfast of champions...or people who wake-up late and grab the first thing they can find... 
Cool!  Now I have my own leaping theme music! I am going to forgo thinking about the fact that it is the Pepe Le Pew music and just leap 
@MatthewTurnbull is that me?   tony price is on here too as is fab
@LaraRhiannon http://twitpic.com/2ybtf - Thats just the brilliance of Tim coming out .. 
@mileycyrus yess I do ! and im in boston for a college fair and not school  hahaa
is on the go... 
i got 3 hours of sleep last night. double shot latte and i'm good 
@JessicaHamby  I LAUGHED SO HARD at that statement. SO hard.  I needed that thank you.
"@whitneyhess reminds me of your &quot;emotional response&quot; point (deleting mails in Gmail), and why I turn off face recognition in iPhoto '09 "
Fucking hell - Prada saved the day!!! 
"@cakeandcommerce it was one of Hugh's at Eastern Standard, but it's definitely one I'll be planning on making myself in the future "
@mizphenomenal god wrote that i just typed it 
@iwoosh  i think ive run out of jack bauer jokes or Paul O'Connell ones too 
"@aylush firstly, thank you  secondly, is the kite runner historically off?"
"@spindlestudios Why, yes, she is the exceptionally talented goose that works for you! And, Brioso, well, you just wouldn't understand. "
@BoomBoxBindery All I have to say about studio setup is that I'd die without my flat files. Designed my whole studio around them. 
"@vkwheels i love the fact, that i said it like Chandler in my head as i read it. and then kept reading n saw u say, &quot;just like Chandler&quot; "
"&quot;tagged as: punk, punk rock, pop punk, new york, more people should listen to this band &quot;  http://www.last.fm/music/Get+Bent"
@sarahstanley hey! doing well - looking forward to meeting up with you and @cultvines in DC! 
"@Overspill Well, can you link me to it anyway??? "
totally craving chocolate and starbucks...only 4 days left 
@misspolyamory maybe more hugs is what i need 
Today's goal: complete everything on my to do list! (or nap all day lol) 
"@vascopatricio Vou ler!  ATD foi uma maratona.. Let's just say I'm glad it's over, lol."
@VrouwHolle aww I am proud to be your first reply  and that I have taken over your updates haha
"@Renee3 would I strive for anything but perfection? Come on, I thought you knew me better than that. "
"@nicolerichie and @joelmadden 's little love tweets are so cute  However, @aplusk and @mrskutcher 's make me want to vomit."
@hillkath Hey there! Sent you a DM. 
@ddlovato good morning 
had a lovely night with the best boyfriend and two very good friends 
@WAHMBizbuilder absolutely!  Are you due in Melb any time soon?
"@ninaneverknew: Me too. I want to have an overnight drinking session with friends, and I mean all of 'em! Haha. "
@khalidh nothing before BlogWorld Expo on the schedule at this stage - have netbook will travel tho' 
#spbpuk we've got a snorer in the IT Pro track!  Really it's quite interesting 
@TheFemGeek Interesting that I was just asking myself that same question! 
hates the people on facebook trying to convince JP1 to get an iPhone. 
@andreascliment It's a nice piece of software indeed 
"@mint69 yo mate it is working! like a charm, be prepared to tweet my feed! some interesting people to follow too if you can find them "
"hey hey hey, just joined Twitter. sounds like a nice thing "
/thank god for @bre. Slept in and he took Ava to daycare. 
@nellypt Thank you I thought it was. Pass it around. Have a great day Luv ur stuff 
i was assigned to sit next to the most awesome student in my class (Y)  hahaha
hello new follwers 
aahhh i need sleep but cloverfield at 3am was worth it! 
"@JasonStatham1  Greetings Jason.  So far, Twitter's great today. Thanks for taking a moment for us.    Enjoy your swim.  Hugs, Angel"
@ImWendy lol - yeah they can be loud so depends where your dryer is but they do get rid of the static  - very sneaky bout the dog lolx
OMG SERIOUS? WHY NOT? it was shit. im getting thursday off tho  wat do you want to do. i got a reply   YEOW!
My workplace gets so much better when good weather strikes.  http://tinyurl.com/cp7n6w
@CapnSkulduggery Oh dear - it's nearly bedtime at least   I'm sure tomorrow will be better. I have urge to hibernate but got work to do!
@Melissa_Lyford You're such a sweet daughter-in-law! I hope it goes well today!  
"@Kaschua no!, just didn't know if you thought putting stuff on your cat was phobe instead of phile. Glad kittys like the dome. "
bb: Jackz47 Good morning fellow coffee lover   Glad to know ur up with us...
@tommcfly did you go to the gerhard richter exhibition? i love it there 
"@writingprincess Also, do you own any designer clothes? "
http://twitpic.com/2ydri - Im so loving my great workspace 
Starting my day out with a positive attitude! To be great watch greatness! 
"@malhere hope u have a good ride if the weather is decent, if only the weather was like that where I live "
"@ddlovato i've been at school since yesterday ! GOOD MORNING DEMI LOVATO , im a fan from canada ! "
"Oops again, its t w i t t e r....   "
The Orange TV #iPhone app is really disappointing. Low quality video streams and obviously nothing interesting on the TV 
"@khushi4all Don't make a topic, am sure you'll get some replies soon. "
@SUMMERWALKER hey Golden is here with me and just wanted to say Hi and have a great morning 
@idazz Even I can't run that far! Yet! 
@Raawry Lol good id we should all dress up as twitt bird and listen to twit podcast all night! @apattys thanks 
@willconley777 Thanks for helping share the PostRank love. 
is now washed and dressed 
"@RachelStarrxxx AWWWWWW, i really wish i could be there to give ya some serious TLC Rachel hun....sending ya huge HUGZ AND KISSES "
just watched chris moyles quiz night from last night! alan carr is too funny! he's the best 
@aaronspears She's soo cute  Good luck with the museum thing... lol
Working like crazy 
"@likeaword I *love* it, SO exciting to see new growth everywhere! insects making most of first pollen, bustling in hedges, birdsong "
Chillin with Lucy...beautiful day today 
Trying out &quot;Delicious Library 2&quot; with mixed results  The bar code thought I wanted to add a sport bra instead of a drill  Cool app tho!
"@MarkusLarockus Ha ha  I started something with the Rocquestar thing, didn't I??"
"Awake....hopin my big brother gots time 4 me 2day, just a lil bit atleast. Yay but Katelyn might come up to hang with me "
We were approved for a cute townhome so much closer to work! I'm so excited! 
"@edwinksl Stanford Summit 2008 short video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAxcVIJu-XQ . Remebering magical, funtastic,roller coaster ride "
@StacyonBob I ate candy cigarettes but I didn't eat the wax once I drank the coke. I did however eat the candy lips. 
Hey Mariedees! Welcome to our Twitter feed!    G'mornin' to ya!
@SashaMcfly niiiceee 
prays for his new job career.    praise god i got a new job.  
I LOVE sleeping until I'm FINISHED!  
"@swingie Just had a conversation with @tonimassaar about how 'dependent' we seem to be of internet and mobile phones nowadays, "
More deinstallation fun: wielding power drills &amp; being in love with my spreadsheet organization 
"is reading through some interesting articles on our own Extranet, surprisingly good stuff "
@RapierTwit People say they feel expressionistic - I've never heard them say pointalistic 
"@psandalio yeah, I remembered reading about that, I think someone else mentioned it.There's still room in the market "
Taking son to have his braces taken of     Big day in teen age boy's life!
getting ready for class. much rather sleep 
I want one of those  http://bit.ly/9m1kO
"@horrorshock666 Oh, the puns. The bad, bad puns. I think I'll quite like the new clear sounds though  x"
- Sitting in the studio talking to Danniee Beee who is ignoring me as he is adding friends to his Facebook;that is until he reads this 
homework ALL day... 2 assignments due by 4:30 (but they're almost done!) 
@shruticute Hmmm... my mom... well... thanni thelichu vettutaanga... 
Tomorrow is going to be GREAT! - Altho if I get eaten by a dinosaur Im blaming Sophie. 
"@MoonwoodFarm Yes, the gloves are my pattern. I've made lots of gloves on my looms "
Tyson smells like cookies. 
"@Wiggly I do  I thank them for example when their code doesn't have many bugs, or when they make it easy for me to automate."
schï¿½nes Marketingwort: Stimulus Package  http://www.dkny.com/sweepstakes/sweepstakes.php
@mrsgiggles83 hey black hair suits u by the way 
@gypsytrading 
phillies game with becca tonight 
@ShaileeMody thats a killing smile.. i m flattered... 
@wookim and the consensus was... ? 
I'm attempting to make Hot Cross Buns with Bella &amp; Ari 
"interesting to note how twitter is like branding..the more you tweet, the more people follow - thanks for the follow Alister, Mark, Greg "
"Good morning, everyone! I hope you have a great start to the day! *raises cup of coffee* "
Makin' eggs for the girls... TV isn't working right - we're stuck on &quot;The Baby Story&quot;...  I think I'm fine with 2 - don't need more 
Got approved to travel to Palo Alto the week of the SAP Inside Track 2009.  See you all there.  
@MrBenzedrine lol awesome (: is it wednesday for you? you have the same birthday as my friend mitch if so ;P have a great day 
mmm...gonna have me a GOOOD lunch today 
@javastix Random there sweetheart but i am thinking dammit why is the price always going up when i need gas lol hahaha  XX
geez work was busy for a tuesday night! Wish it was friday already. Love you James..can't wait for the weekend!  &lt;3 xoxo
"@brianhprince No IIS in place or IIS6 only, explicit control over startup/shutdown without writing custom behaviors, others... will blog. "
in love with THAT chopstick man 
@RichardHudson Good luck with being listed!! let me know if you get on it 
@JazzWavvy lol nope nope but I have to prep for a presentation don't be to jealous :/ its still work work work for me 
Is Lovin my TARHEELS right now!!! Up and about on this cold spring day at least there is no rain 
Playing when I'm supposed to be working. 
@charlii1 I KNOW I KNOW! it made my day. IM SO HAPPY! wow really? yeah ill talk to mum about it later and get bak to you  xx
"@Freed2Travel not sure if they offer the full service at the Atlanta location- they did in MI -if you stop by, please let me know  Thanks"
"Sounds good to me - a national beer day : http://tinyurl.com/cspspj Now, can we do this over here? "
"good morning all. btw, did NOT get up at 6/6:30, but 7:00-ish is still not bad  beautiful cool, crisp air this morn. how's your weather?"
"I am bored out of my brains, someone please shoot me before I shoot Martin. "
i just made a bowl of cheerios one handed. and i'm in an annoyingly good mood. 
@seanpower hello! was awesome to meet you the other night 
@jowyang Now that is funny..  Should make many people think..
@katiebabs Always interested! 
is really happy 
stayed home from school today. got a new stove. haha 
@linux29 we'll just hope and pray it's the last explosion.. 
is listening to a bit of tunage  Still getting ready for cinema haha! I'm excited but nervous at the same time ... Oh man! Hope he's nice.
Back from europe. Appreciating the states 
@Celticgirl1913  sounds good 
@im1star4u anytime   we're here to educate! Also.. avoid socks with seams because they hinder circulation.
@M641 Good to hear you're busy!! Has spring finally arrived over there or are you doing egg hunt in snow? 
Currently experiencing happiness that can't be put into words 
"Feeling almost better now, so I'm playing hookie with my parents and going to DC! "
"@nsingman that's a reaction to urban crime and a view not held outside those cities. there's a con equivalent, too-the death penalty "
@aponderingheart Yes. I've watched the first episode so far and LOVED IT!! Love love love it.  2nd Episode tonight...
I am chilling at home 
@DBaker817 I do..and then I am an empty nester. Kind sad to think about. I have no doubt that all your kids are awesome. 
"Waking up [again]. It's Tuesday, therefore more CDs have been added to my growing wishlist. "
@bobulate ï¿½ I sense that you were an English teacher in a past life.  
@avisagie dead broadband at the office. Was thinking of tweeting bio and abstract and you paste and stitch  but I'll just mail it tonight
@vmariani008 butbutbutbutbut....I like the Bulldogs by default 
@unihumi thanks stefan  i feel so special!
@gayehas yep finally  now I'll go to Nisantasi babeee ;)
Made eggplant parmagian and pasta at 1am and it was fabulous!! 
@uminomamori I have NO idea what character you are. 
Got a GREAT email. AA issued a voucher for the difference for my plane tickets to Italy. $700. That's paying for my trip to BlogWorld. 
was driving wearing high heeled shoes. many people can't imagine how i do it but I can 
I *might* have a chance to attend BEA this year with a friend!! So excited 
likes seeing celebrities act like normal people 
Dave/Nathan got 3 out of 5. Not bad. Bill's up next! And here comes Madi! 
@colbyfromage Love your background Colby  and welcome btw
@prnewswire Congrats! I hope you have a good day! 
@beckythegreat  it is...thanks 
"@eric_andersen her name is Mili, lives with me, she's a harlequin dachshund, divided between the light side and dark side of the dog "
@CrZy4Him  You go girlfriend...maybe that can do the same side...if not you may have women hittin on you! LOL J/K 
~ Woooow this Marketing test was so easy and I didn't even study. It's all about common sense 
"@cybercool10 actually the test failed, but we could have party  !! bring the drinks"
Just installed a Twitter client on my Iphone to inform you directly from the playground 
@Karen230683 how you getting on with your BB? http://forums.crackberry.com is good for help 
"With all these Star Trek events going on this week,  I'm itching to get out my Uhura costume and do a fandance  (please stop me!)"
"@cleftmommy0217 Aww miss you too! I'm not sure about the whole thing either, but what the heck... learn as you go! "
Did I say gold or golf there? I meant golf 
@bcavanaugh Its an embarrassing thing~ they see how dirty you are and what kind of &quot;stuff&quot; you own  Great Blog~
Good morning everyone and hope everyone has a great day. 
In Lecture feeling the fruits of my labor. Lack of sleep is balanced by competitive energy. Winners win.  Caffeine dose soon 
Downloading music and pics before work and wondering why Mere thinks little boys are actually going to have table manners! 
@Natflyer love it. quite possibly my favorite song ever 
@juliekoh All the best for tomorrow 
Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever Hebrews 13:8..... Holly 
says time for me to blog in multiply  http://plurk.com/p/n25ii
"singing: u mke me so excited! &amp; I dnt wanna fight it, I start to blush, YOU ARE MY SUGAR RUSH! shet! ako ay kinikilig.. hahaha "
it worked now 
@tpahpa oohhh it's like the cruise all over again. What's wrong with that? 
@mackythecat kewl...challenging means there's something progressing 
"@evinsmj why, it's the oil from crushed cod livers  http://snurl.com/feto3"
@ralfsbabe Ok thinking smokes or chocolates is what you are talking about  XX
@kirwil sounds like you had a blast.. with the food.. you got me hungry now 
Totally enjoying this amazing weather! It might be to cold for others but it's perfect for me 
so sick.  good thing I have Dayquil.  
"I suppose I'll work a bit as well, since my bosses would probably appreciate that.  But doesn't seem nearly as fun.  "
days are just hot enough to produce hot blood 
"@BobFromHuddle its cool dude, I've seen you pull off iterations from a worse position than that if I remember correctly "
@cazyuen http://twitpic.com/2y96t - You should have seen dinner 
@alexandramusic Morning Alexandra lol cant wait for the album 
"@christinastrain When I get closer to finalized plans, I am going to pick your brain. "
@nashmeg http://i44.tinypic.com/j5fl34.jpg there ya go  I'm not happy with it tho aha it doesnt look like him and its gone all wierd ):
(and HR) have painstakingly made the huge sacrifice of abruptly slamming our mac lids down. No more distractions! 
Is going 2 Funderworld up on the Downs 2nite with his cronies! I can't foresee me goin on any of the rides but I ain't paying so screw it 
"@PrettyFontaine Pretty much, good start to the day! "
BB: @shortglide Howdy to our peeps in Gresham. I'm running in and out of the studio-- it's interrupting my typing 
"good morning, twitterers!  up and getting ready for school...someone put my car on auto-pilot so i can sleep on the way!"
The Italian Man Who Went to Malta  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m1TnzCiUSI0  good stuff 
"@marcelleturner Wow, L-O-V-E your new geeky avatar "
- all the snow is gone... that didn't take long... 
@jae_MnM lmao. i agree. 
At joels house Watching twilight! Yay me 
"@plentyside - they were ace last night, despite some way way WAY heavy-handed security stoppin the fun... yr in for a big treat  =x="
@tangerinenights black nails?..that should look reaal good! 
@abhere just buy another pair 
@jdbuckridge Just remember &quot;it all came to pass&quot;  cheer up buddy you know it will be okay...it always is right?
"@Frassington Crisis averted now, pesky ketchup was eated  Next time I'm gonna make toast "
@MistressDragon sorry don't know why it said   my reply  weird  anyway my spooky pics on myspace you prob seen  got new ones coming soon
@EastEnder this is clearly rigged. And you complain about that other competition?!?! This is how it starts  pure Green bias 
"@toryjohnson  Hey Tory. Don't feel bad.  The technology changes weekly.  It's not us, it's the neverending updates vying for our money.  "
@kubhaer I tried a couple of times after you posted the link but it won't load. It was &quot;Connecting&quot; for quite a while. Thanks tho! 
"is excited that SONAR has been deployed in another Fortune 250 company, this time a global financial powerhouse.... "
"@jrodgers I'm sure there are people who'd like to ban dogs &amp; cats, too "
@WubbzyJen good morning 
@sunbasilgarden Your soaps are Awesome! I still have one of the rose soaps. 
@FrugalTalkMom They are like a brand new baby.  Every 3 hours!! 
snow in April...just like living in Cleveland makes me feel right at home  Interview.....
"@dzuelke convince @ijansch first. I'm working on an existing project right now, so not an option to switch "
benefiting ergonomically from a re-arranged desk. Better 
"@EandDPortal Those were the crusty days  Jon, Dan Rat, Alex and Matt have been playing the odd gig recently, need to see them again "
"@permiedotnet Aw, thanks for the tweet, yr the best!  Keep posting them awesome links "
"@kdurose yep, but we fought back well. think it will turn out to be the decisive moment in winning the league again though "
@artistsmakers I might be able to help with the content side of the 'sorting' too. You can email me through the contact form on my site 
oh god..work. 
@beckamcfly Yeaaah  Alright then wonder if any other sexy people are going tomorro 
@courtneylegit awesome! we're really glad you like it  you get two more for free! @MeghanMagnolia no problem!
@smescrater  Phone on DND and lock yer door then 
I think the girls had fun  changing my outlook on guys...from now on I will treat you like you have feelings and not like dogs....haha lol
@chazzdaddy  you are so right....I'm so glad He lives within me!  Hope you and @stayathomemom has a GREAT COLD day! 
The New Hot 89-9 is hoping you didn't put your summer tires on yet... More snow to come.  
Good morning 
loving the eminem song and vid 
tying up loose ends. but why would I want my ends tied up? 
Holla to my bff @courtculnane. Thanks to her now following my fav country artists @dierks_bentley and @eric_church 
@twinkleboi You do a lot of talking fella - got your arse in gear (in a nice way) 
@SeoMemphis I'm so happy that we were able to help you out.  Who wants to give their money away?  
@denrat123 You should come out here and visit! We have plenty of sunshine!!  I hope all is going well!
"@shadowhelm Don't mess with the bull my friend, you just might get the horns. "
"http://www.ikeonline.net @JohnKFaye: FAVORITE song of yours, love everything about it. Wish I were enrolled this morning! Have fun! "
3 hours till uterus eviction 
Coloring the second of two complimentary pieces. Hope to be done soon 
@caseycharlton @serialseb Kind of the standard - we're still 'investigating' IBM Jazz Concerto 
@mileycyrus of course!  He is the way to Salvation!
Hello to @njection @lemon_tea_movie @tedmurphy @rockhistorybook @oedesigner @overyy and @starspank. 
Decided to have a go at T-Shirt design: http://twiddles.spreadshirt.net/ Feedback (and or course purchases) welcome! 
"@tombrazelton Glad to hear that.  I would love to attend, and I plan to - but first I've gotta create books. That's the plan this year."
Oh! and BTW unlike the the Luxury Industry the O.A.T. Industry is alive and well. And growing daily with out borders. 
@erin_bury I see you! yes let's chat at break/lunch 
@AcsysDanimal You have an innate sense of good marketing. 
something going live  tension stress QA
@rachelsaul I'm totally feeling that I'm going to chew someones face off. 
"@ddlovato hope your days better than mine, it's 2:30pm and I'm bored and falling asleep. I'll put your music on, that'll cheer/wake me up "
"@dmgursky On paper, &quot;almonds &amp; green tea&quot; seems like a healthy breakfast...until you understand just how obscene the AMOUNT of almonds is "
"@b50  intelligent ofcourse, trying to escape a losing argument - sardar got angry  #IndiaVotes09"
"Yeah I didn't know that. Now I do, thankies  hah"
@stevemcgrath the singer? 
It is now Tuesday.... stuff to do -- as usual 
cannot be arsed getting dressed so think i'll stay in my towel and pay my council tax online! 
"alright - one meeting cancelled. 30 minutes of my life back. woot, woot! "
"@WillendorfVenus Yup, he quit with &quot;extreme prejudice&quot; "
@timespunctro foarte tari tweet-urile. Mereu am apreciat umorul 
via @Sh1r:  Hi  My name is Hyeon Il Shin .
Sonny's ep comes out today 
@J_xox i js cheked exam timetable..i got exam on 20th may &amp; then dont go back to school till 1st june..so fink il probss go  xx
@Browsey who knew he had it in him! 
@Joslyne aweee lol..just think..the job will get you into more shows! ..at least that's what keeps me going  haha
@VKLawton just work in general..using a PC doesn't help either! Looking forward to seeing your smiling face later though 
"uber boreddd, i need some coke @ddlovato + i never knew that, learn something new everyday. "
G'mornin' friends! The sun is shinin' and life is sweet. Enjoy your day 
"Just Found Details About McFly's New Album, 'Take Off' Can't Wait for the Up Close Tour, 14 Days Till Wolves [LL] So Excited "
@BreakingNews will they be doing their 5 for 5 still? 
"that's great  If i could only stand the fan noise, hahaha"
@GenaLivings You're welcome  Have a fabulous day yourself!!
@mlesser64 from me based on the teachings of the Kabbalah and Judaism 
@elskavon that is a pretty good one! 
"@ddlovato haha(: well, now i learned something too! demiiii, it's my birthday...and a reply from you would make it the best ever! replyy? "
@winnersusedrugs Thanks girl! 
@86skyhawk Snow??? Bet you didn't get as much as us..had to shovel this morning.. 
LIz Hodgins is addicted to Twitter! Shes such a twit! lol  Your the only person who can read this Liz so its OK!
Some softish swedish sound this late afternoon  ? http://blip.fm/~3xh97
Love all the lovely people at work! 
Goodmorning! 
@marcelobloc Priscila Who??? 
@philipnavoa I want one 
getting to grips with twitter 
...TwiTTer TimE... 
"Mommom says, &quot;am I still in NC?&quot;..  it was 40-something this morning when she woke up! ahhh! "
@lukeman Heh  It would be even enough to copy the tarball to his download directory and you could do pip install BeautifulSoup==3.0.7a :/
I love my life.  Checking my spam filter and finding an email with the subject &quot;[Flickr]_Re:_anuses &quot; and having it be an email I want = 
"yum! The soup is sooo good.  well, off to work for me, mith my massive container of soup and some organic saltines. Hurrah!"
@helenlewis The Grauniad! wOOt 
"Taking a bit of a holiday from everything today... ie being really, really lazy "
Loading pics......WODNB in Toronto @ Circa nightclub&gt;   Visit me on myspace  user name D&amp;B Girl
Slept with a women last night  Her name was Noir and her french inspired music put me at ease
@jimyackel hope you are staying warm! Have a great day. 
@myfavoritething i am really looking forward the see the iPhone App 
carrot sticks. 
Have a lot to do this week before leaving friday after work to visit grandma! She already has events planned haha 
@RobinWalker good morning  today I will push a miracle titled PAY ATTENTION its free at www.thegamepayattention.com
I am seeing life through a new light........ and I like it!!!!!!!!!! 
@sowasred2012 I loved Prague. It was like a fairytale town 
@torooji Thankees! Hope you got over your bug too. 
@fjfonseca hey there!  
@wifeandmomof3 really? that is so strange . well I will let you know after looking around what i hear which one is best. 
"@yijingman I can't tell you how many times that one has come up for me. Hah! The boss isn't here today, unless I am he. Hmmm... "
Lol Becky I'm Glad This Amuses You 
@bertpearce should I leave out condoms that look used?  It would be so much fun. mwahahahaha
"@ScottHepburn Haha, the family that tweets together, sticks together, so the saying goes... or something like that "
I woke up on time! LOL Good morning tweeps! 
is going have to file for worker's comp if i keep getting hurt every time i work 
@ARIZZLE718 no it's not. flim is the jafaking version of film but it has extra ladies so the L goes first 
ohohohohoh i love this song deleriums Silence feat sarah mclachlan yeah  XX
I now know the Hoedown Throwdown. 
going out. HATE MY HAIR! grrr. Off to see some bats and butterflies and meercats 
@wagglesworth WAKEUP! haha  ? http://blip.fm/~3xh9q
"Terry - with help from Lorna, we've got the venues sorted for the social networking nights. We'll be sending the invitations soon "
if my professor isn't here in 5 minutes I can leave!  breakfas sounds good right now
@alexandramusic how is America going Alex?! i can't wait for your album!!!  hope you're haveing a goood time  xox
Is basking in a sunny morning outside her window and a cute new belt 
"@alanngray Sounds cool ,if you find it let me know...Please "
Moving in my new place today 
The birthday cake is in the oven. Fingers crossed it looks and tastes good. 
@louise_fitz Yes &amp; I have two wonder-full adult stepsons who love me enough so as to tell me to call them my 'sons' 
@ERIOGERG @simsing haha. i know right? thankfully no homework.  @syamira723 at least we are almost done!  yay
"just finished my letter to my sponsorson i'll post it tomorrow. Now, i'm just going to relax  xxx"
"@LdyDisney I missed the good night, so I'll respond with good morning. "
@HeatherShorter Glad to hear you're feeling less punk - the negative connotation variety ;) - today. 
shower...class...and then who knows maybe time with the boo 
@mileycyrus Me too! haha &lt;3 But I have this week off! 
@illy5G well at the moment im studying..i direct plays on the side...im doing workin on a musical type play at the moment..i also act 
"At the top of the online project management tools bracket, ProjectSpaces stands alone "
MADINA LAKE IS PLAYING THE FUCKING DFB!!!@$^&amp;%&amp;$  
"@MauiMichael Ha...lol..I will try, morning to you~ taking my mother shopping today, cause I am good girl "
Company blocked Twitter today  oh well i still have it on mobile 
"@PeaceDiva  So are you! thanks for all the great music, brings back memories "
"@stacey79 My god, if all 5 were on here my phone would blow up.  I truly would not get anything done... 3 out 5 ain't bad! "
"Twitter is my homeboy  fuckyeah, texxt? Pe is boring.."
"@eczemasupport it's blood test results for H.Pylori. I'm good thanks, looking forward to finding out what the problem is once &amp; for all! "
@GoTravel24 which explains why i did so (cough) well at Geography..!  
@Tina_Sparby &quot;I remember that age!&quot; Yeah I here that this age is when kids are the cutest. I'm sure I'll enjoy every part of his life tho 
@shazzyboo deep down inside 
@thai101 Beat you buddy - I'm 70% geek. All hail Han shooting first! 
@mikal_d that's what you get for being you 
Is listening to a bit of ladyhawke just now 
"@chadengle Really good Chad, but had quite a few projects on the go, so de-twittererd myself until I got them done. I can play now  &amp; u?"
"@elleduncan hey girl, next game i really need to talk to you "
I will follow you... wherever you may go... 
At Maxi's House. Time for some Horrormovies! 
"got my delicious library license   today is work, run, reheated homemade broccoli &amp; cheddar soup, chilling - good times"
"HOW TO TICK PEOPLE OFF: While making presentations, occasionally bob your head like a parakeet. "
http://www.myspace.com/loser_kids_girl21 Woot changed Myspace profile.... Check it out!! 
"@YasminHughes oh, so wheres mine gone :| wt was it?? "
"Not only on time today, but actually a few minutes early! I have a feeling its going to be a good day "
@ThomasGudgeon Congrads 
I must be getting old - I'm getting better at buying baby shower/baby gifts  I used to panic &amp; ask moms for advice.
@justinlathrop The suit doesn't make the man. 
@PaoC_E i liked the bff song...well the lyrics anyway lol 
@robblee that Bold rocking out there is it? 
really doesn't have anything interesting to say at the moment 
@crushoftheyear well i just like to help.. Guys who seem perfect are usually the ones with the most to hide.... and hey i am here anytime 
@sbasista whenever I find a good photo of the day I post it - suggestions are always welcome! 
@Clairebell clappity clap. that's gonna be one crazy system 
Hello Sunshine!! 
"@davehull that said, i'm not a copyright lawyer "
@JennMFitz Thanks! Great minds think alike 
@HilzFuld haha i search things like anyone know? and stuff like that.  nooo problem.
mmm baked beans on toast with melted cheese makes the bitter pill that is homework easier to swallow 
@hannahrae33 No!! Wake up n smell the coffee Snaply  how r yah.. Get your workout in too
1 presentation is done and for you who is going to attend my workshop - be ready for a fun workshop and lots of spelling errors - sorry 
@mferric I think you're an independent film. 
Feeling much better...headed to the gym + then abs class  Then worrrk...! Wishing my @alicemarie47 a Happy Birthday! C ya 2night luv 
watchin the lil ones...and trying to get some of the dogs poop to leave on bro in laws pillow 
@JAJMiami Tuesday it is. Definitely happy it's no longer Monday 
Yes! Just got the highest score on the Wii Fit. My sister will not be pleased. 
@babycakesjase +20million chaos&amp;packing -100 moving. waiting to move coming up to visit some time soon - will be in contact 
@AndySmurf Let's hope it works.... 
@zhuhe 3ks  
@bgswanson We call it Devigners 
"@sexythinker @Mollyinfolode:- Nothing like a dip in the ocean when it's 42, huh?  "
Just got contacts. 
@amyschoenfeld    You really can put ketchup on just about anything...
@taless Hello! Just wanted to say hello to you this morning. Hope you have a wonderful day. Hope to see you at my blog 
@LindaBleser ~ You can be a rockstar if you get out of bed.  
Off to meet my girlfriend for a late lunch! 
"last days talked a lot in english, a bit difficult after so much practice of italian...but it's ok "
"@JanSimpson G'morning sweetie  Well UNC completely dismantled MSU last night, huh?"
Now a Blu Ray owner 
"@rhyolight Agreed on the straight-through part, but we might have to compromise at a couple of fingers of Scotch. "
"@melsutton wow, no kidding... lots of cataan players out there. guess I can give it a go... "
and now I am following her on twitter  @daratorresswims @dorothysnarker
@LouisS Thanks. I've lived in Florida since 1994 and I miss snow 
http://www.zahahadidblog.com/ VERY GOOD 
"was ridiculously tired last, and let myself sleep in this morning. feeling mostly rested and ready for the day. i think "
@copycat_santi I know. 
"@badgerspoon No, but 34F is not good for bare little piggies! Not to mention there are icy patches, and I don't have any stud-soled flops "
"@BrentO Performance is horrid,but I can build/test/break clusters on it, and clone the VM's to real kit when it arrives.  Very handy "
It's our final revisit day at Proctor with 44 families visiting campus; 120 families total! The sun is shining inside today 
It cracks me up that the toll workers know me well enough to comment on my haircut 
Finally !! School's out. Now at home 
is waiting for tonight  Bikinians @ Botanique
"@NorthSanDiego I can help with David Lloyd, if you need help convincing "
Preparing a new batch of designs for girls t-shirts. Months working hard and at last everything summarizes into 3 images at the web 
@richschmidt It wasn't spam. I'm just jealous I don't have the $39 for the bundle 
www.myspace.com/strobecranleigh sorry for the spamming... 
@Ellegeeict I know - this place ain't been the same without your regular tweets - sort it out!! 
Launching new site very soon now... Content writers still tapping away but 99.9% of coding done and just a few products to add 
@ddlovato it's 9:42 Post Meridiem in here now! 
@cliffysmom Congratulations!  I'm almost there too 
@BillCorbett We mock those we love most 
That's just wrong!! Want me to bring you some? 
@letterboys That's awesome! Congrats! 
Hahahaha. ddlovato you rock. Just so you know jessemccartney. LOVE THIS SONG. 
"@dpbkmb At this point in the game, I think they have every right to whine! "
matching patty necklaces! now all that we need are our jeffsladefrickinugh bracelets 
"@likuidkewl Yeah, I've already been flagged by IT.  Hahaha."
Good nigh averyone. It is 9:44 pm in Korea. 
"@claireyfairy1 be quite nice. anyways I'm looking forward to receiving my poster and ticket. might frame it, I have a section of ST stuff "
says good evening!!!  (cozy) http://plurk.com/p/n28wq
Tune of the day: &quot;There's no such thing as Mermaids&quot;.  Sounds like a slab of old-school Chicane 
@LScribbens But no. Adam &amp; Eve would not harm any animal for filming or sacrificing for Easter. 
@b50 lol - I knew it ! Cong is a soup - they have officially recruited you  #IndiaVotes09
One day i will accomplish my mission and when that day comes i will be content 
drinking earl grey 
Nothing new about today...oh yea...except my cute new car!  (p.s. sticking my tongue out at UNC)
aw shit. more work to do? come on now. i'm a lazy ass motherfucker. you know i'm only built. for one thing...and work ain't it.  
@luiserpa things are good - Spring is making me restless though..... 
goin abroaaaaad tomrow.. Dubaiiii Can't wait... So long twitters... I only have room for prodigy  sorry peeps!
@jalford Makes one wonder what happened to the rest of the boot.  Nice job cleaning up the trail.  Wish everyone did that 
"@onlydanno oopsies... okay, i will pay no attention to the man behind the curtain "
@ddlovato hey Demi! I hope you have a great day! 
@mariol420 it's approaching summer here.  !
@scarydan hasnt happened yet. trust me. you'd know if they had! i'd be screaming still from the excitement of it all 
@nevershoutamy here is your text 
Just saw the Google Streetview car passing buy again! was watching straight into the camera this time 
@PortraitMag I'm now following you  &lt;3 Judy
@MontanaOne Cant remove Maria Shriver as she does actually follow me. Facebook also. 
@brianhny hey sugarwise. 
@kazpro Thanks for the good feedback.   First article of what will be many - hope you get something useful out of them. 
"@philomglol Perhaps, but way more than 1/12th of MY Twitter population  Birds of a feather..."
just madeee my twitter with my bitch amyyyy  businesss sucks bahah.
Teste Twitter 
"@KatherineLM You are being a very responsible class skipper, doing all the reading beforehand!  "
@babsalaba maybe you could drop her off at @toddengel's for a while 
@akgcandlefish aww that sucks! Maybe you should meet me @ dunkin d's for company while grading 
@UzamakiJ I know! One of my favorite's so a movie?  awesome  And yes loved the songs! Been listening to them on my iPhone... a lot 
@StarJonesEsq this is going to be my new daily inspirational statement. Thank you 
"@MELindsey lol, he has no shame "
"I DID IT, I BOUGHT MY TICKET! FINALLY "
Omg RickY WILSON  is amazing! So much presence! 
@GailBarsky TY for the retweet. 
A beautiful morning to you!  hugs!
@gregory_frost.... how 'bout hot fresh pizza will that satisfy the hungry authors? 
@LozJ94 hey lolly i suggest you folly @schofe @AlanCarr  @CHRISDJMOYLES  @REGYATES  @sk8mate  @xxandip  there is loads more but they cool 
Watching Good Luck Chuck 
I believe that everything really happens for a reason. 
@katiehoke you're welcome.  Thanks for following!
"@_EdwardCullen_ your welcome, oh ok "
@TalAter Ask @TweetDeck if it is in the works 
@richie666 what voices? ME? 
"#jazz101 from Hip Hop &quot;Down Here on the Ground&quot;(Grant Green),  anything from Bob James. "
@ModernMum awesome!! be great to have you come along....  Will give you as much notice as possible!
Doing a site backup of indienorth this morning.  Only takes forever.  Sigh.  But it's a necessary evil! 
"Sitting in a cafe working. For once, feels like the internet frees me rather than tethering "
@krzimmer You too 
nighttt peoplee 
is gonna treat her 7-year old cousin Nicko an ice cream sundae for doing well in reading 
It's be cool to be a dinosaur. RAWWWWR. 
i didntt have anything healthy in the end.. i just had tomato soup and brown bread burr brown breads healthy 
@MAEchicka05 hahaha no he does props for heroes 
@zenobeach haha and then id just tackle him 
@michaelnolan Morning 
"Oh, BlackBerry Desktop Software has actually managed to upgrade itself to v4.7.0 after a long and heroic struggle "
@AVogel75 hey I never got back to you. I don't know is my answer. Erdrich plays daily with the people who would be in. Talk to him. 
"@songbookbaby Crystal, What's good Ms. how you doing? "
@cuzzinjeff i may come tmw night!!! 
Please subscribe so I can be a partner! PLEASE http://www.youtube.com/user/NonSufficientFunds Please and thank you! 
@amanda I think they put mirrors in lifts/elevators to make the ride go faster - (We can't help but look at ourselves)  
Good Morning.. Going to take a shower 
@ItsChelseaStaub - No problemo Chels! Anything to help someone with a great heart  p.s Posers suck =] Have an awesome day! xo Nina
@Doubledown_InSL Thx 
"@Pandaran Coffee, for now!  I probably have enough tequila in my liver to tide me over for a while "
@MichaelCalienes Dude..I need one of those face cups 
"Shabop Shalom! Happy Good Tuesday, guys  (it's a Beatles thing...)"
"@kristinbrennan hmm... couldn't be worse than having a pimple on your nose that's actually a giant purple rhinoceros! Now, feel better! "
@dumbblondy I guess I didn't realize I was being so critical...sorry 
@allisgroovy se7en!  hate the end though&lt;3 I really hate the end though. You've seen it before?
@weefselkweekje Drobo is overpriced! There are far better alternatives to be had for less money 
i'm new....the show must go on! ahahaha 
@vickerini you could always walk - it looks like a lovely day out there 
@LuvTisdalexx You mean 12 
"@swedal If the plane is going down, the velocity is too high to jump out. The drag would kill you. So parachutes are no help. "
"@Gruven_Reuven kiddush above the clouds! Now, that's what I call taking a mitzvah to new heights!  "
@susieqtpie ah thanks 
"@KoboldThief Dude, waaaaaay too much! People think I'm going to hit them. "
http://bit.ly/k5Zn - The Fabulous Shmenge Brothers - by Jim Cim #humor #comedy  (Meant to be funny 
Shower + Amy Winehouse's Frank= Jam Session! 
@JimPeake So what you are saying is that &quot;he not quite dead yet?&quot; 
"@Lilyallen You were Amazing on the 22nd of Mrch at the Uea  Thank you, was one of the best nights ever   x"
@Frassington I knew there was a hidden reason why I like you sooo much 
"@likuidkewl Ours go straight to reports. So, I have no hope. "
Sunny day in Chicago 
@readyandsingle Thanks for the Affiliate link &amp; the follow 
@buffywoo just need a cadbury egg 
"S.C.U.B.A. = Something Creepy Under Boat... Andy? -Shaw Hunter, Boy meets world "
"@astarael28 &quot;20 something, teacher, excitable, nerd.&quot; Have you seen Mike Leigh's film Happy-Go-Lucky?! Are you Poppy?! Check it out asap. "
@dharshana Anytime! 
watching The Last Days of the IT Nazis awesome dubbing  http://www.theserverside.com/news/thread.tss?thread_id=54051
@Cooluck ???? ???? 
I own my happiness!! God is great! Today will be ï¿½ber productive 
@xbloodyerinx hi!! i'm fine.. and you!?  it's veeery nice to meet you ^^ tell me more about you! ï¿½=D
"@SoloRunner ah, well gotta love exercises that don't require equipment!  esp good 4 travelling. have mat, will travel. "
@LinaLovesJB http://twitpic.com/2yebs - you look cute 
Newcastle is not a real place/does not have any merit. I'm sticking by this 
@shayfrendt hey you. ran into Christine &amp; George V. @ an Alumni event Friday. We were talkin' aboutcha. Heard some good news 
"@mventre Based on just a survey of twitter discussion points, I'm inclined to agree. "
@danlavelle where's my dunkin donuts?!  awesome lead out for the blue monster. That 2nd place was all you. your leadouts are kick a$$!
@destroytoday No pressure mind Jonnie. You are doing a fab job. Just keep at it LOL 
http://twitpic.com/2yen8 - good morning sunshine! 
Had a great night last night hanging out with @coachbanderson 
Eating mini-chocolate muffins that my mommy made  Listening to I'm Yours - Jason Mraz
nothing better than accidentally waking Erika up to the sound of Ben's voice 
@brendonuriesays http://twitpic.com/2y9sg - love that movie. and song that is playing at this scene. 
@megkautz I was having a bad hair day yesterday ha. My sister bought it at Forever 21 in Bahrain. Might be online somewhere 
Getting ready to strike a pose for all the managers hahah Can't wait to see my boo...Nizzzzllleee!!! 
@life_in_clomo we have very similar taste. So of course I approve of yours as well! 
It would be nice if a bunch of people just died right now.  Wouldn't it? and Supper.
@karitas I went with Flo Rida 
"good point, well I have a solution for you......Move to AZ  I miss that little munchkin"
@besskeloid so it;s Fork Terror not SPPOOOONNNN TERRROORR 
"@Nibzandpie yeah, i went to Mine earlier, it was a peice of pie  NO questions asked whatsoeverrr"
just woke up. off 2 day. bout 2 make breakfast and enjoy my day.  
@CoreyOConnor Get a paper today Brandio said i'm in the life section about twitter 
waitin to leave the office ina couple of hours to go see fatty 
i can see myself on laurens screen 
"working on our Mother's Day Balanced Gift Guide...give mom a gift with meaning this year, one that will improve her health and happiness "
@hounsell709 @hounsell709 My stepmother. 
Everyone pray that @ksurritte has a safe flight to China this morning 
"@Fightswithbulls Thanks! I'm still working away on them, getting the human cylons done first. "
@xxSelenaGomezxx well that sounds like a good day when  you get to work with your best Friend 
"@esb0727 Well, I'm glad it's you and not me.  "
@brandonacox Cheers mate! Way to turn the other cheek! 
likes the old jonas brothers songs. they're cool. can't wait for tomorow. twilightt sleepover 
"@kirstysmac of all the verbal inflections, irony is my favourite "
@OMGnava I wake up @ 3:30! @alix_adame I really should go to bed @ 9 but I never do. Usually 11 or 12. @Enzo1707 Thanks! MAC does wonders 
@Minervity hi bb 
My $UNG stopped out for a small loss - I guess it's not a &quot;gas&quot; after all! 
"Leaving 4 FL  txt me, byeee"
Seeing what this is all about 
"At school, can't believe Twitter works here "
sitting @ home 
going to mark 4th year posters 
@benasmith liking the new and improved avatar 
I'm going shopping for stuff to make a Passover dessert.  Oh joy!  
So tired. One more class this morning then Starbucks to do some studying. Home tomorrow!!! 
@jasyjen Hi. Hope your day's going great so far. 
@rockhate..hmmmmm yes that would be a good thing.. Do you think I can sweet talk them?  I have a gift!
having a better day  ? http://blip.fm/~3xhs4
@rickoshea thinks about saying who's a pretty boy then... and thinks better of it... 
It's going to be 70 degrees in Salt Lake City today 
@genochurch I'm a die-hard Fender guy and I *still* think is awesome 
On Saturdayss websitee xx  Ice Skatiing later
@bobbyllew Not to forget his secret life as a US skateboard hero! 
"Feet up on sofa, listening to mahler, debussy &amp; chopin on Opus. There IS a God! Who knew!  http://qt.my/48R"
"@SandyGuerriere oooh, so sorry dear, sending you get well vibes &amp; many, big, warm ((hugs)) "
here at court...wish me luck 
@perfilip Glad that you enjoyed it brother! it's been so much fun sharing the Gospel. 
"@DonnieWahlberg I got sad news today, but I was advised when life throws lemons... add black rum!!! "
Just spoke 20 minutes with iPhone on Skype using the Paris Google office wifi I was able to join in the street (near Opera) 
"If ur a BB owner, lover, etc. Go to 'berrytastic.com' Great articles, forums, resources and more! "
@chris_alexander Better still if you could use a FOAF+SSL @bblfish - talk to the nice Twitter people ... 
@RobLane good good. I'm ready for my closeup.... 
Just enjoying the view while at work. Sometimes u gotta love working outdoors   http://twitpic.com/2yets
@aplusk I would totally move there for that reason alone!  Us Canadians are taxed taxed and taxed again.
"@bencurtis Well, you DO realize that its all YOUR fault, don't you? What an inconvenience you are! "
@paupaupau stop buying necessaties like food 
Cooking some sweet and sour chicken 
"Asking for a little help  I'm trying to earn my passion party consulting kit, write me and I'll give you all the details. Thank you!"
Good morning folks! It's a chilly Tuesday morning and I'm ready for the day! I think... 
"phew, home from the bicycle ride. 22.43 km / 1:09:32 no breaks (but a little uphill pushing "
ï¿½nce Terminator The Sarah Connor Chronicles S02E21 sonra Mentalist S01E19 keyifliyim 
@MaGestiKLeGenD I've put your music on my iPod. Such good company on my way home 
"@ddlovato hey demi! r u there?  if u r, please reply "
@tuxetuxe Nï¿½o te consigo mandar direct messages!!  &quot;Error: maybe the recipient isn't following you! Como ï¿½ possï¿½vel sr. tux?!! 
@OfficialKat Don't count me in that group since I find you to be interesting and adorable 
Nothing like some Tormented Radio to help the work day fly by 
"Back from Stourbridge with some new contact lenses to try, plus charity shop bits &amp; a skull bag from a boutique called Polka Dot Paradise "
Mornin' everyone. 
@RealtorMcVey  I love this thing called twitter dont you? Have a great Tues 
@picallo you might use the following url: http://rssfriends.com/ 
@marc193 Thanks for the shoutout and positive review!  We love to hear when users dig our apps 
@JonathanRKnight At all the shows I have seen You have seemed relaxed on right on point  (In regards to Iowa) You're ALWAYS great Jon!!
@MauraNeill Hi! Great job last night. YOU ROCK!   We're gonna get a better handle on the body mics tonight.
"@JanelleMonae you should swing by the other coast, we're much nicer "
@elfennau you've lived in the desert? 
@BoogieMom Can we play? 
@fashiontrix Thanks! Best wishes to you too 
"AWOD trip today, no classes "
at least the &quot;3 things&quot; came within 24 hours of each other 
"@mark488 Oh ok, Its 11:54 in Australia "
http://twitpic.com/2yetf &amp;&amp;  http://twitpic.com/2yetx - Workspaces de hoje 
Just signed up and looking for followers. 
I've just had a lovely lunch with Lynds and now I'm heading round Ants... good times  xoxox
Just read all my tweets I sound like a dork haha  but that's just me
Getting ready to go to Seaworld 
I looooove Ace of Cakes! Catching up on it at work 
2 months married today  sitting outside Sams Club while Katie is in an interview. Praying...
@glennhilton @Minervity @jacoutofthebox @mrrichardson @wellnessforyou @tekaluvsnino @CarolynCMartin  thanks for spreading the love! 
gonna go on COD WAW with niall  wish me luck xx
FRINGE IS BACK TODAY     
"@szai haha to be honest. my friends all call me ET.. hehe so, sure thing! talk to me! "
"@nettisue Holy heck--sign me up for a nap, too! Take it easy, Nettie. "
its a beautiful morning 
Check out  http://blip.fm/ - really cool. Listen to the music playlist of people you never met 
"@sidneymohede You are tucking ur kids to bed, and you are twittering??!! What's that TA (Twitterholics Anonymous) hotline number again? "
"@grubbs Careful, I'm @andy_denton's age!  I thought you were waaaay older than us  "
wittering!! Yay - I have a follower 
@Frassington Both !  
@patricklanglois currently my chemical romance songs from about 3 years ago. first time i've bothered to actually listen to them.. 
@CursedJezzy 
"Okay, I'm done playing DJ.   Getting ready for the day-going to list some stuff online today."
"DAMN!! The Video Rocks!! It's Like The Old Videos Of Eminem.. Luv The Lisa Ann Cameo, Kim Kardashian Booty &amp; When He's Is Kissing Amy lol "
@hippojuicefilm Hells yeah they do. I feel so bad ass  Unfortunately I still look like a total square to everyone else 
Loving that the only thing trending higher than #mesh09 on twitter is &quot;Easter&quot; 
Someone's singing Tuljak in the Institute. Fun times! 
@DDrDark There: http://idzr.org/hzz4 stfu nao and buy me a mouse bish! My icawns on trackpad rawck! 
"wow !! finally my linux review got over , I am happy "
"@nancypub nah, parking is always included in the rate  no extra fees here"
"@bitchville you'll get it done, they don't call them &quot;all-nighters&quot; for no reason. get to it "
"I wonder if I could post loads of stuff, then I would have a horde of dancing monkeys!! "
"@Deshaine Oh, you're completely prepared. Wait, what about a beverage?  "
@Twitrblog Please Check out a really Cool site please  http://www.twittrblog.com
Spring break makes me want to do nothing at all. 
booked a hair appointment - I'm having an organised day 
HUGE coffee at work...hanging with Dad this afternoon 
@cybrhost Check out http://www.problogger.net/ for the #31DBBB series if you are interested. He talks about going past the elevator 
@withtheflow to procurando internacionais 
@nicco876 lol that video is hilarious. 
its so sunnny out   im in the mood to go on a vigorous bike ride!
@MadeGorgeous a good 3 cups in the morning espcially since i work for a radio station here in LA thanks to coffee it keeps me awake 
@Rudietoottudie good thing you didn't get a ticket!!!! 
"I GOT MY BOX!!!!!!!!!!!!!   i'll pick it up tomorrow, priscilla! @gilmoregirlc"
@Vintage_Twit Thanks for the offer! 
glad to see spring making a comeback in Denver today! 
is loving the sun  but is upset she cant make the picnic thurs 
is home from the gym and is going to sit on her butt all day 
"@jrkgirlnla Oh yes, I was reading that one "
@rivensky Haha. Well I have more but I don't have to do anything but file the rest away or delete them. 
@DanceMassTV Thanks!  It's just what I think. 
News Releases from the banquet = almost done! Final editing stages. 
@DodgerBlueOPJ He is good! He's down in Florida for MTS. He graduates in late April...He really happy about this 
@jnaylor  #kiwitweets Hey Jer! Since when did you start twittering? 
@SecBarbie *I* even figured out that Turkey is pretty close to Iraq. 
about to open birthday presents 
"Hello, people on Facebook. Do you like the way I'm spamming all of your newsfeeds with Twitter? "
"@HZilionis The thing to remember is, obsessing sucks up energy you could put into that new story! I say kick worry to the curb. "
@n3rdbeere MicroBlog?  You have a good point!
"@schulman Yes, I am obviously the only one at the National Aviary who answers the phone.  "
"@joshuawhite well, you do spend enough time there that you may as well subsidize your habit. "
"@kimlet9 : oh, that was great!  Thanks, I'll pass it around."
"@TaniaUncensored tania, i think you should get athene and the rest of the crew on twitter "
@madhoward... I'm almost caught up on HIMYM! I watched 3-4 episodes with @calamus last night!  SSSSOOOO GOOD! 
@JonathanRKnight Thank you for inspiring people to check out a great cause that they might not have otherwise known was out there 
tonight's the last time i'll sport this Milla-Jovovich-esque hair http://tinyurl.com/6yabk6 ) will finally have a straight do tomorrow 
"@adoredesalon WHAT? You so need to put that on the site. You know, cause us bloggers LOVE free wifi!! Awesome. "
@vegale Wow! Wow! Good to hear 
@cydneyw http://twitpic.com/2nvz6 - We're both famous 
"important meetings happening all over the office, and i'm not needed in any of them.  YES!"
should not be crushing on a boy (with a nice smile) just 'cos he asked for my number... hmm... 
YaY!!  Just found out Amy is having a Girl!!  LiL Bonita!! Im so excited..now I can go by little girly things for the babes 
"@shelleybookworm Hah!  Round is a shape, indeed, and there are round parts of me I'd like to plane down.  "
"@PhilipMcCluskey I gotcha  this is my fridge: http://tinyurl.com/dxvmx7    ...not sure it's photographed well though, arg."
some people tweets a lot.Thatï¿½s cool...I guess 
Amazing night and great day...I LOVE my Heels!!! 
@vanessawhite Haha Get all your Stress out  x
@SonjaNorwood I see you are a fast learner LOL  You went to no messages to a few pages full in just one night!  Go head Ms Sonya! 
@JennW Thank you! 
Good morning Tweeterville!  Looking forward to your tweets today   Make it an awesome day.
@jyl_MomIF LoL today any woman who can handle 7 kids inspires me  #inspire
@paulhuse ouch 
@kanter And waiting for sunrise in spring with an amazing colors 
"Wow! Just back from my longest ever non stop run, 14 miles. Now I truly know what sore legs feel like!  delighted tho"
"http://twitpic.com/2yf0y - Me and my boyfriend, Tom, on my birthday night out "
"Eating an Ed's waffle, with icecream cream n chocolate sauce. OMGOSH  amazing!!!!"
"@nicolaisbombay i thought it meant you are my destiny too! cause of the song! hahaha, and yes, they're coming. "
@ddlovato here are 15:55   GOOD MORNING!
"Fast &amp; Furious: New Model, Original Parts  a really good film "
watching Arthur cos I'm way cool 
@BruceLaBruce lol i'm thinking of moving to Berlin 
@LaurenFisher obey the last fm algorithm. maybe it would turn out you really do like scooter if you gave him a chance 
Morning! I have slacked for two days in twittering! But here I am again. Just finished a good run  Ready to start a new day.
@bensummers Isn't that sweet of them.... Altruism at it's finest.... 
"@jakrose Um, milk *fathers* don't have udders. And &quot;Milk, I am your Mother&quot; just doesn't have same ring. hahaha  "
@zenaweist They could also tweet @BeccaRoberts 
"Good lord, I still have 125 work emails to catch up on and actually read.  That'll teach _me_ to go have a vacation. "
Have a gig in Northampton at the racehorse tmw night 
