Do you want to come over to my place later?
Approach a task.
Run rogue.
The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs.
We like to summer in the Mediterranean.
His horse won by a head.
The company agrees to meet the cost of any repairs.
The organism has reached a crucial stage in its development.
The problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students.
The governor should act on the new energy bill.
Cover her face with a handkerchief.
Port the helm.
Fall into a trap.
The boat had a metallic finish.
"The farmer's field was a civil war battleground, and relics such a minnie bullets were frequently found while plowing."
Clothes make the man.
Dress the windows.
Strike a medal.
Under the head of minor Roman poets.
It is important to use flux when soldering or oxides on the metal will prevent a good bond.
He can hold his liquor.
The line stretched clear around the corner.
You can create the color orange by mixing yellow and red.
The United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues.
Spill the milk.
Beat one's foot rhythmically.
The voice of the law.
Hit a ball.
He knocked lightly on the closed door of the study.
It can be tricky to land a helicopter.
They make a cute couple.
She was vice-presidential material.
He was suffering from museum fatigue.
The shark is a large fish.
Begin a new chapter in your life.
The solution took three hours.
They stopped at an open space in the jungle.
He is still recovering from a shot to his leg.
Do school counselors subvert young children?
A riding academy.
Catch fire.
"Here I stand, wondering what to do next."
Pull the oars.
A bald spot.
He hit a home run.
Point the letter.
The ball hit the fence.
Follow God's light.
The book wallah.
In the abdominal region.
These bonds carry warrants.
Raise the question of promotions.
Keep appointments.
It made a dent in my bank account.
She may not make the grade.
After the fire a still small voice. -- 1 Kings 19:12.
Use the plastic bags to store the food.
"The cycle of the seasons, or of the year."
The round of the seasons.
Roll out the paper.
I shall be writing to you soon.
Paul laughed a cheerful laugh.
Our advertisements reach millions.
A wall of prejudice.
The change was intended to increase sales.
This project is his baby.
"I don't know how to break this to you, but your cat is not coming back."
Settling a score.
The owners decided to move and to close the factory.
The connection between church and state is inescapable.
Go about the world in a certain manner.
Payments fall on the 1st of the month.
The employer wants to cut back health benefits.
Do you know my sister?
It can be tricky to land a helicopter.
Rake gravel.
"""The quality of mercy is not strained"" -- Shakespeare."
"To carry well, i.e. to hold the head high, with arching neck."
The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x) = 2*x.
He could tell that she was unhappy.
The astronauts walked in outer space without a tether.
It started to snow.
He took the family for a drive in his new car.
She didn't leave until midnight.
I will join you watching the football game as soon as I have finished my work.
They called for artillery support.
Steve is a boy of 16.
Give an excuse.
He gave his fingers a snap.
Take a scene.
Draw pulp from the fruit.
At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $40.
Energy can take a wide variety of forms.
Brim a cup to good fellowship.
I'll hold you by your promise.
Mineral origin.
You should see a lawyer.
Patch the skirt.
At that point I had to leave.
Tickets are $5 per head.
Strike a bargain.
A unit of wheat is a bushel.
Shoot a movie.
"A good title to an estate, or an imperfect title."
This speech didn't play well with the American public.
Drive the cows into the barn.
To make like a deer caught in the headlights.
Shoot a basket.
Now the conductor will couple the train cars.
"The word ""kerosine"" is a variant of ""kerosene""."
Can you work an electric drill?
The application of maximum thrust.
Fall into a trap.
He predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance.
The pull of the moon.
"The story is false, so far as I can discover."
In the interest of safety.
Come into the room.
He started the company in his garage.
I can't remember saying any such thing.
The course of the river.
He had a bowel movement.
He wanted to live his own life without interference from others.
He managed to multiply his profits.
It takes time to learn the setup around here.
Don't approach that house.
A public force is necessary to give security to the rights of citizens.
Many deaf people communicate with sign language.
I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match.
Float the plaster.
In chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen.
The pursuit of love.
Call a football game.
A filming session.
He is an avid collector of nineteenth-century postage stamps.
A point of information.
The unkindest cut of all.
In the deep of winter.
She walked to a point where she could survey the whole street.
I want to get there early; let's roll.
Point a gun.
The idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy.
The medical resident finished a two-week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics.
We vaccinate against scarlet fever.
I'm really seeing you in a different light today.
Don't go outside wearing just a t-shirt; you'll freeze!
Order a work stoppage.
You can obtain a transcript of this radio program by sending a self-addressed envelope to the station.
You are trying my patience.
The green party took 12% of the vote.
An air of mystery.
A formation of planes.
I can see a risk in this strategy.
Vermont will open elk hunting season next week.
Clear the leaves from the lawn.
You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice.
Fall into a strange way of thinking.
"Should we classify ""make up"" as an idiom or as a phrasal verb?"
She knows how to work the system.
Their angry expressions were a clear sign they didn't want to talk.
The crash occurred during a thunderstorm and the system has been down ever since.
She managed to catch herself before telling her boss what was on her mind.
The ocean was finally at rest.
Develop a passion for painting.
Can you give me lessons?
He has a lot of interest in vintage cars.
Artists must study the structure of the human body.
Nothing good will come of this.
Keep food for a week in the pantry.
To admit a serious thought into the mind.
A lot of money.
I can only stay for an hour.
Chief of Staff is the second-highest position in the army.
He wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself.
I can feel the sadness in his poems.
He was suffering from museum fatigue.
The dog's woolly shag.
Plug the hole.
We must strike the enemy's oil fields.
The opening received good critical reviews.
Can you count the books on your shelf?
The gods assume human or animal form in these fables.
"The car is so dirty, we need to wash it."
Give that lamp a good rub and see if any genies come out.
Give thought to.
I spent my spring holidays in Morocco.
Cut orders.
What do we have here?
Pull a sled.
The head of the compass needle is pointing due north.
The number of parameters is small.
She knows how to work the system.
We raise hogs here.
He played baseball in high school.
During the firework display that ended the gala the noise reached 98 decibels.
He is the best one.
The visiting team started to attack.
Rub oil into her skin.
He was winning until he got a split in the tenth frame.
I've been suffering your insults for years.
The teacher asked how many people made up his home.
Give thought to.
Immolate the valuables at the temple.
Draw a conclusion.
The new law will come into effect on the first day of next year.
Bind the books in leather.
He was on the heavy side.
They stopped at an open space in the jungle.
He's just been released from Shadwell nick prison after doing ten years for attempted murder.
The clarinet was out of tune.
"To face the front of a coat, or the bottom of a dress."
Night spot.
"Can you take this bag, please."
She can hold an audience spellbound.
She didn't think to harm me.
Charge a conductor.
Did you see today's newspaper?
Remove a threat.
A check on its dependability under stress.
I tried to call you all night.
It's getting quite stuffy in this room: let's open the windows and air it.
The lines converge at this point.
I know him under a different name.
Do you take me for a fool?
England scored a goal at the death to even the score at one all.
Fall by the wayside.
Hunger for affection.
Stop playing with the seam of the tablecloth! You will unravel it.
Drive the game.
Mothers fondle their babies.
He is on the purchasing side of the business.
In the year 1920.
You drive nails into wood with a hammer.
Burn garbage.
The locus of points equidistant from a given point is a circle.
Drive the forest.
Catch one's breath.
The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale.
The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill.
This computer will connect well to the network.
An advance in health or knowledge.
To admit evidence in the trial of a cause.
Raise a mutiny.
She has a thing about him.
The doctor-patient relationship is based on trust.
He searched for treasure on the ocean bed.
A high-pitched voice that could shatter glass.
He stuck the point of the knife into a tree.
I think that he is her boyfriend.
May God keep you.
He stared as she buttoned her top.
He played a trick on me.
He was unable to make his motion because he couldn't get recognition by the chairman.
"At the start of their turn, each player must draw a card."
They joined the wagon train for safety.
Restore law and order.
The formation of sentences.
Begin a cigar.
Her former friends now avoid her.
This guy can press 300 pounds.
Hastened the period of time of his recovery.
Accept students for graduate study.
He came out of the coal mine with a face covered in black.
A few words would answer.
"Hey, buddy, you got a light?"
A filming session.
Shovel sand.
Raise a siege.
Take the gun from your pocket.
Pull a horse.
Haul nets.
Break the cycle of poverty.
They put it into containers for ease of transportation.
Fall by the wayside.
Swing forward.
See you another time.
He's always stuffing his face with chips.
Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm.
I wanted to create an impression of success.
Did you catch the thief?
When will the meeting be?
Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm.
My students range from very bright to dull.
The family's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff.
I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock.
Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies.
Now we have a fine mess.
He sailed around the world.
A life of luxury and ease.
Can you live on $2000 a month in New York City?
Please focus the image.
These dyes and colors are guaranteed not to run.
He came to a bad end.
Many children join a sports club.
They agreed about the difficulty of the climb.
Pottery was his life.
Your wish will come true.
He wrote on the flap of the envelope.
The general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree.
The two buildings touch.
The price of gasoline.
These pipes carry waste water into the river.
Keep potatoes fresh.
Can I buy you a drink?
The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part.
Whet my appetite.
Lie dormant.
It was just smoke and mirrors.
In a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface.
We are in accord with your proposal.
Please write to me every week.
Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm.
The wheels sang their song as the train rocketed ahead.
The opening received good critical reviews.
Earth the circuit.
He seemed more content in death than he had ever been in life.
This move will simplify our lives.
A rifle action.
They paid taxes on every stage of the operation.
Hold your temper.
The school was built in 1932.
Throw a frisbee.
Do you want to work after the age of 60?
They stopped at an open space in the jungle.
Do you know the way to the airport?
We simply could not start the engine.
That guy keeps interrupting the concert. Throw the bum out!
Will you pay cash or charge the purchase?
I shall be writing to you soon.
Did you get it?
He had no documents confirming his title to his father's estate.
Start from the bottom and work towards the top.
Pull the string gently.
The automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips.
Lift the box onto the table.
The professor didn't like his friends to use his formal title.
Can you connect the two loudspeakers?
The attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus.
This chair has got to go.
You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice.
This difficult idea seems to evade her.
The job of repairing the engine took several hours.
Play football.
A political system with no place for the less prominent groups.
She has a glib tongue.
It was a nice piece of work.
They set out on their return to the base camp.
We drive the turnpike to work.
They were arrayed in line of battle.
A peach stone.
Smother a yawn.
"Having experienced both, the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life."
A thing of the spirit.
He is an authority on corporate law.
Set this poem to music.
Tow is flax with short staple.
Tame the soil.
He swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away.
He spoke in a nervous tone of voice.
Pull your knees towards your chin.
Break a law.
To admit evidence in the trial of a cause.
Keep count.
Play cards.
Every number has a unique position in the sequence.
The lioness was a mother of four cubs.
Fall asleep.
What did you get at the toy store?
I'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday.
Draw a chicken.
The change is due largely to the increased availability of antiretroviral treatment.
Pottery of this cast was found throughout the region.
Victorian furniture is an interest of mine.
Twigs break off of those branches easily.
This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us.
Any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane.
We can not admit non-members into our club building.
Implement a procedure.
To carry the war from Greece into Asia.
Stick your thumb in the crack.
He got the sack for being late all the time.
I don't have any money left.
"A daily run of 100,000 gallons of paint."
The trunk was full of stuff.
Clarify beer.
We visited a farm where they raise chickens.
"In Vermont, the leaves turn early."
He held a large block of the company's stock.
I have two sisters.
I really care about my work.
She doesn't know this composer.
The lawyer obtained impunity by dragging his obviously guilty client's case beyond the 10 years limitation.
The fashion did not catch.
We visited a farm where they raise chickens.
Put your ideas in writing.
Did you catch that allusion?
The president wanted to disband the scandal-plagued agency.
You must carry your camping gear.
The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part.
The resolution of one dissonance is often the preparation for another dissonance.
The teenager couldn't bear the shame of introducing his parents.
Can we finance the addition to our home?
This will save money.
Leave lots of time for the trip.
To blow a horse.
Beat the subway fare.
The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet.
The sweat cut little rivulets into her face.
She used a different color for the trim.
They're just country folk.
The consolidation of the United States' hegemony over a new international economic system.
A ten day's leave to visit his mother.
It came by the first post.
Draw on a cigarette.
He gave us a general formula for attacking polynomials.
Tap beer in a bar.
He had no choice but to resign the game and let his opponent become the champion.
"Unfortunately, the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride's train as they were walking down the aisle."
The machine is now in working order.
To post someone for cowardice.
The two buildings touch.
The Post Office issued a series commemorating famous American entertainers.
The flock of birds took to the air.
The voice of experience.
I had a strange feeling in my leg.
I'll save you the trouble.
Remove a case to another court.
No human situation is simple.
Play games.
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep.
His friendship was a comfort.
His stories were too susceptible to ulteriority.
Leave the room.
Engineers had to scrub the satellite launch due to bad weather.
Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor.
The line of men fall forward.
Under control.
A length of tubing.
These people still follow the laws of their ancient religion.
"If you're going to beat your competitors, you need to focus."
Crime doesn't pay.
Make lead into gold.
What a revolting development!
To pack goods in a box.
The mechanism of the ear.
I need to charge my car battery.
Can you teach me to sew?
City life.
Use your head!
He waited a long time.
I will stake my good reputation for this.
"For English, a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases, the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters."
We had to oblige him.
When bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist.
He wanted to live his own life without interference from others.
She didn't leave until midnight.
This will save you a lot of time.
Run a subject.
I just don't get him.
The grant doesn't cover my salary.
When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction.
"""The quality of mercy is not strained"" -- Shakespeare."
Make enemies.
The automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips.
Mariners on sailing ships would sound the depth of the water with a weighted rope.
Answer the riddle.
How does this shirt fit?
The breaks of my new car act quickly.
Strike an arc.
She retained that bold effect in her reproductions of the original painting.
We should go farther in this matter.
The connection between overeating and obesity.
Block an attack.
He made trade protection a plank in the party platform.
The telephone company finally put in lines to connect the towns in this area.
"If you see this man, run!"
He threw a flare to the fullback who was tackled for a loss.
They could still receive the sound but the picture was gone.
I went into the salon to get a clip.
The rule of St. Dominic.
He made his escape from the mental hospital.
The government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development.
The check will clear within 2 business days.
A long and happy marriage.
Load the camera.
Meat loaf.
"The car is so dirty, we need to wash it."
How great thou art!
From the tone of her behavior I gathered that I had outstayed my welcome.
Starch clothes.
A trump can take a trick even when a card of a different suit is led.
The party went with a swing.
Messages must go through diplomatic channels.
Toy with an idea.
Paste the sign on the wall.
Shop til you drop.
A man of action.
The head of the list.
They had a nice stay in Paris.
Stick your thumb in the crack.
They are accused of conspiring to constrain trade.
I wouldn't touch her with a ten-foot pole.
They put out quite a spread.
The surface had a greasy feeling.
Take a scene.
Dress the patient.
"When the pot comes to a boil, cover it and reduce the heat to medium."
Catch fire.
Play sports.
The voting process doesn't work as well as people thought.
Seek happiness.
There shouldn't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write.
The art of conversation.
Make a decision.
He had a pain in his side.
Whatever it was he didn't like it and he was going to let them know by making as loud a noise as he could.
Toe the line.
Check the brakes.
I shall be writing to you soon.
A patch of bad weather.
We will strike a medal in your honour.
To strip to the buff.
The strength of the company's stock in recent weeks.
Can you back up your claims?
There was a round of applause.
"On the one hand ..., but on the other hand ..."
Is it your or my turn to break?
He removed the top of the carton.
A poor excuse for an automobile.
The government took a firm course.
To set glass in a sash.
200 head of cattle.
I can not accept your invitation.
200 head of cattle.
I don't care.
He was elected to a seat in the Senate.
Beat a path through the forest.
Jones came in third.
"The total is $25,715 but to keep the figures simple, I'll round it down to $25,000."
To raise Sandy Hook light.
"The cardinal number ""three"" can be represented as ""3"" or ""three""."
I know that the President lied to the people.
We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem.
The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago.
Refer a patient to a specialist.
They admired his performance under stress.
The gene inactivation system.
Where do today's public schools fail?
She has no peer in the concoction of mystery stories.
She always looked forward to the avocado season.
I took over his practice when he retired.
The crazy lady made a scene in the grocery store.
This computer will connect well to the network.
The water reached ankle level.
These pipes carry waste water into the river.
It was then that they decided to found a society of didgeridoo-playing unicyclists.
These bonds carry warrants.
They joined the wagon train for safety.
You have to spend money to make money!
The flight of a refugee.
He was pleased by the audience's reaction to his performance.
Shade the meaning.
Cut the engine.
I carry these thoughts in the back of my head.
She could not cut the long days in the office.
"I didn't eat yet, so I gladly accept your invitation."
He tried to blame the victim but his success on that score was doubtful.
Mr. Jones will assume the position of a lifeguard until a proper replacement is found.
The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold.
He can not carry a tune.
I'm not ready to run a marathon.
After that day she never trusted him again.
This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster.
She cut the deck for a long time.
Please develop this roll of film for me.
Disperse particles.
I paid with a twenty and pocketed the change.
Gather the close family members.
They built a fire at the mouth of the cave.
Moral bankruptcy.
A roller cot (the clothing of a drawing roller in a spinning frame).
Take action.
His stories made him the center of the party.
He was a great actor in his time.
Throw a javelin.
I heard a splash when the rock landed in the pond.
The check will clear within 2 business days.
Turn the clay on the wheel.
This thing has got to end.
For the sake of argument.
"Don't drill here, there's a gas pipe."
It is good practice to check each door and window before leaving.
True memorability of phrase.
He was numb with shock.
The sweat cut little rivulets into her face.
The first shock of the earthquake came shortly after noon while workers were at lunch.
The sight of his wife brought him back to reality.
The voice of the law.
Edge the tablecloth with embroidery.
I hold him personally responsible.
Strike 'z' on the keyboard.
The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time.
A racially integrated business concern.
In the day of the dinosaurs.
This table would serve very well.
He slipped through an opening in the crowd.
I understand how to do it.
Work one's way through the crowd.
They stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory.
"Have, throw, or make a party."
The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered.
Laws limit the sale of handguns.
Will the stock market crash again?
I carry her image in my mind's eye.
Let's not quibble over pennies.
She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth.
A good cook can often just eyeball the correct quantities of ingredients.
These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge.
Draw pulp from the fruit.
Common sense is not so common.
We'll get them!
I expected a brief account.
In your heart you know it is true.
Don't go to lunch if we don't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones.
I must see your passport before you can enter the country.
He overstepped his place.
Murder in the second degree.
That's three times he's made the same mistake.
It was replaced because of its age.
The ball was still in play.
Come out of the closet!
Exhaust one's savings.
While there's life there's hope.
The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs.
We stayed in Hawaii for a week.
Shoot a movie.
His stories were too susceptible to ulteriority.
He performed in drag.
Dew dripped from the face of the leaf.
We congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal.
She loves to ride her new motorcycle through town.
The camera could define the smallest object.
Break an alibi.
Normalize relations with China.
A military buildup in preparation for the invasion.
"If you bend it too much, it will snap."
He needs to regain her trust if he is ever going to win her back.
The lyric in line 3 doesn't rhyme.
"In a small number of horses, muscle weakness may progress to paralysis."
To make like a deer caught in the headlights.
I have confidence in our team.
He is a lawyer with a sports background.
Come out of the closet!
Use your head!
Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks.
Life has lost its point.
The number of parameters is small.
The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part.
The main point on the agenda was taken up first.
A leak in a gas pipe.
The shot was wide off the mark.
Dew dripped from the face of the leaf.
I do it for the fun of it.
Store grain for the winter.
Give me a hand with the chores.
Not a breath of scandal ever touched her.
The statue stood on a marble support.
He finally saw the light.
We could always call on a friend.
Her cancer was in remission.
I need some fresh air.
This time he succeeded.
The principle of the internal combustion engine.
I can't get these boots off (or on).
Hold your breath.
I can't get these boots off (or on).
His novels always have a lot of action.
Charge the wagon with hay.
Set up an experiment.
His next stop is Atlanta.
"Operator, could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore?"
Play fair.
He planted a field of wheat.
Take the lift to the fourth floor.
Our sense of sight enables us to locate objects in space.
Kill a motion.
Bestow an honor on someone.
People impute great cleverness to cats.
Play the casinos in Trouville.
You must carry your camping gear.
They funded research and development.
This form of conflict is essential to Mann's writing.
This trombone is very expensive.
The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill.
The time of year for planting.
These pipes carry waste water into the river.
He jumped into the drink and had to be rescued.
If you were in my place what would you do?
The rookie made a brief appearance in the first period.
Whole fields of wheat in shock.
He paid all his bills by check.
Mankind should develop reason above all other virtues.
Consider the possibility of moving.
To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler.
I take it you're not going?
The baby was a boy.
You haven't got the heart for baseball.
Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach.
I'm worried that the load on that transformer will be too high.
The significance of a gesture.
His lap was covered with food stains.
Dress a turkey.
Check the brakes.
To poise the scales of a balance.
Use the plastic bags to store the food.
Should we believe a publication like the National Enquirer?
The Boy Scouts were going to accept him as a member.
Plug the wall.
He could tell that she was unhappy.
The medical resident finished a two-week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics.
You need to get permission to leave early.
Cut my hair.
I'll probably see you at the meeting.
This is a product of lime and nitric acid.
These ugly billboards have to go!
Play with her feelings.
"To purchase land, to purchase a house."
These pipes carry waste water into the river.
The plane is about to land.
This dough does not work easily.
"In warfare, whoever opens fire first has a greater chance of victory."
After several trials he mixed the shade of pink that she wanted.
He checked the direction and velocity of the wind.
The game was interrupted by a brief shower.
He's a master of the business deal.
A stock cube.
She was humming an air from Beethoven.
"You can visit me in the spring, when the weather is bearable."
He ran to safety.
"I tried to make a call, but the line was dead."
They tested his ability to locate objects in space.
The characters were well drawn but the plot was banal.
He was ejected for protesting the call.
New Englanders drop their post-vocalic r's.
We can trust in God.
He failed in his manner of address to the captain.
Drive the forest.
She threw the invitation away.
The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves.
During his first year in office.
You can not even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war.
There's a $15 cover tonight.
He slit the bag open and the rice began pouring out.
Play football.
Block a garment.
He inserted the wedge into a split in the log.
"Martha, will you say the Pledge of Allegiance?"
"On the one hand ..., but on the other hand ..."
The plane went into a steep bank.
The job will take more than an hour.
I shall be writing to you soon.
Government and business could not agree.
The sale will run for ten days.
"Hey, buddy, you got a light?"
I need to get a good rest tonight; I was up late last night.
He occupied a post in the treasury.
He was at the top of his form.
The plane turned away from the sea and moved back over land.
So that's fifteen love to Kournikova.
It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled.
"""I can not think it a hardship that more indulgence is allowed to men than to women"" -- James Boswell."
In line with.
She didn't want to answer.
A sudden recognition of the problem he faced.
A small mom-and-pop business.
He was a successful pianist in his day.
Kill the engine.
He's out of my orbit.
Any line joining two points on a plane lies wholly on that plane.
An angry face.
Block a nerve.
I shall be writing to you soon.
Look what I have here -- a frog I found on the street!
The storm did a lot of damage to the area.
He managed to wash out the stains.
Murder in the second degree.
Rub oil into her skin.
Roll your hair around your finger.
Stream of consciousness.
He missed the point of the joke.
The pain of loneliness.
He's packin' a piece!
Don't run that software unless you have permission.
The soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson.
Tell me what is bothering you.
You can't take credit for this!
Many deaf people communicate with sign language.
Fall asleep.
An oak tree will grow from that acorn.
"Having experienced both, the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life."
He lived a long and happy life.
A riding academy.
Give homage.
She loaded her shopping into the car.
Hold these truths to be self-evident.
I find him to be obnoxious.
The ringing of the telephone.
Messages must go through diplomatic channels.
He always took some reading matter with him on the plane.
Keep count.
"They had stock footage of lightning, tornados, and hurricanes."
She must have seen him but she gave no sign of acknowledgment.
The Moon's orbit around the Earth takes nearly one month to complete.
In all likelihood the meeting will be cancelled.
Turn your face to the wall.
He prefers shoes of Italian derivation.
Declare dividends.
Some parents exercise their infants.
There was a small opening between the trees.
Bob Dylan occupied the top slot for several weeks.
Electrons orbit the nucleus.
Bear a resemblance.
The mercury was falling rapidly.
Open a business.
The simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability.
Enter a race.
Come into contact with a terrorist group.
The room has a wooden floor.
This material doesn't give.
I keep my specimens under glass to protect them.
The opponent refused to strike.
Keep food for a week in the pantry.
Do you carry kerosene heaters?
The wee small voice of conscience.
I want to disengage myself from his influence.
Please develop this roll of film for me.
She joined the party after dinner.
He gave me a lift to the bus station.
"When I realized that I had hurt my friend, I felt deep shame."
All the salesmen met their quota for the month.
Do you communicate well with your advisor?
He hoped for a new life in Australia.
Strike coins.
Air out the smoke-filled rooms.
Trim an airplane.
We must not fail his obligation to the victims of the Holocaust.
Have a feeling.
I need to rest for a piece.
This school is well-known for having teachers of high quality.
Turn cartwheels.
He does not even possess a working telephone.
He has a lot of interest in vintage cars.
This table would serve very well.
Pop the clutch.
Develop a market for the new mobile phone.
We hiked through the Andes mountain range.
Your skin is the largest organ of your body.
Block a nerve.
We rotate the lead soprano every night.
They took a firm stand against copyright infringement.
Kronas kurss -- the exchange rate of the krona.
Turn and face your partner now.
The trapped miners found a pocket of air.
If you were in my place what would you do?
The local train does not connect with the Amtrak train.
His people have been farmers for generations.
To say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony.
That mountain is solid rock.
At what stage are the social sciences?
She's an elegant dresser.
Turn the earth in the Spring.
The heart and soul of any democracy is its electorate.
An affinity for politics.
The idea of motion was always to the forefront of his mind and central to his philosophy.
Air pollution.
Apply for a job.
To admit evidence in the trial of a cause.
Keep count.
The development and printing of his pictures took only two hours.
The rebels threaten to seize civilian hostages.
The cinema relies on apparent motion.
He didn't say a word about it.
Please follow the guide through the museum.
Check the time of the class.
This invention will make you a millionaire.
My backyard look onto the pond.
Crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil.
He had worked in construction all his life.
I don't have any money left.
The alkaline inclination of the local waters.
I'll take the rest.
I demand an explanation.
I'm not ready to run a marathon.
Cut a ticket.
Roll your hair around your finger.
Ballet dancers can rotate their legs out by 90 degrees.
Melons come from a vine.
We should go farther in this matter.
Block a muscle.
A corner on the silver market.
I shall try my skills on this.
The Times is not the voice of New York.
They retreated in the face of withering enemy fire.
Could you convert my dollars into pounds?
It is vital that he not know.
Play football.
Get an idea.
The acquisition of one company by another.
Stop being a baby!
Teenagers follow their friends in everything.
The house gets a percentage of every bet.
Play sports.
She had a smile on her face.
There shouldn't be more than two dozens.
The machinery is out of order.
To exclude young animals from the womb or from eggs.
He could not touch the meaning of the poem.
Lift one's eyes.
A racially integrated business concern.
I mean no harm.
He does not have a grain of sense.
Metal fatigue.
Heat the water on the stove.
I tell you that man is a crook!
I'm going to go freshen up.
I mean to go to Baddeck this summer.
A miasma of cigar smoke.
You can't take credit for this!
Draw parallels.
Not a breath of scandal ever touched her.
His claim that he was innocent.
Come into the room.
Teachers should be well trained in their subject.
We will strike a medal in your honour.
Don't underestimate the danger of such a raft trip on this river.
Don't drag me into this business.
The head of the list.
Come out of the closet!
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep.
The ball was already emptying out before the fire alarm sounded.
It is time to board the aircraft.
He could be Gingrich's double.
Build up confidence.
Pay attention to.
The iPhone application VR+ connects to major social networks.
A five-pound beef heart will serve six.
I hold with those who say life is sacred.
He built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Appalachians.
"While we're in Brighton, let's get a stick of rock!"
We could do with a little more help around here.
Did you two break the trolley by racing with it?
The end of the pier.
We hope you never have to suffer the same pain.
Do you want to work after the age of 60?
The circus will be in town next week.
When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction.
Computers are now widely used in business.
He has a smooth line but I didn't fall for it.
The coach cut two players from the team.
He had a pass for three days.
Make a phone call.
They had a good time together.
He overstepped his place.
Can you connect the two loudspeakers?
It was a package deal.
How fast does your new car go?
"To send a message, or a letter."
My uncle got roughed up by some corporate thugs after they caught him trying to unionize their workers.
A big oil spot spread across the water.
The region is a few molecules wide at the summit.
There was a light at every corner.
There's a cranky curmudgeon working at the hospital who gives all the patients and other doctors flak.
The sheets feel soft.
He placed a phone call to London.
Stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions.
Dissent to the laws of the country.
I am not of your persuasion.
These chemicals produce a noxious vapor.
Beat the egg whites.
Draw the curtains.
He can hold his liquor.
The space between his teeth.
The rocky coast of Maine has few beaches.
Law and order.
The voting process doesn't work as well as people thought.
His resentment took the form of extreme hostility.
Come into the room.
A war of wits.
He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three-day run.
Summerize a house.
Don't touch my CDs!
"His bid was $35,000."
Apply for a job.
The ball hit the fence.
Run rogue.
He washed his face.
Let's get down to work now.
For our anniversary we went back to the same spot where we first met.
Players had to reserve a court in advance.
The gauge read 'empty'.
Keep potatoes fresh.
Curled up on the foot of the bed.
I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes.
Strike 'z' on the keyboard.
Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack.
Spend money.
One swallow does not a summer make.
Both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products.
Reduce an image.
She had a difficult delivery.
In your behalf.
Keep my job for me while I give birth.
I will carry the secret to my grave.
A procession of mourners.
Fortunately she had the good sense to run away.
He had a drop too much to drink.
Don't bolt your food!
The distinctive ring of the church bell.
That store offers a variety of products.
He's in the plumbing game.
A chair is furniture. Sofas are also furniture.
Don't approach that house.
He put the lamp back in its place.
Sanitize the language in a book.
Add it to my score and I'll settle later.
It is a job requiring serious application.
Let's see -- which movie should we see tonight?
To pack fish.
I want to see whether she speaks French.
We hit Detroit by noon.
Range of motion.
Mineral origin.
The dog was taught to fetch and carry.
To carry an account to the ledger.
Our children attend a public school in our neighborhood.
Let's follow our great helmsman!
Pull the trigger of the gun.
The scale of the model.
Assemble your colleagues.
I shall be writing to you soon.
How much furniture did they leave behind?
A shared line.
How many lines of communication can there be among four people?
To snap a whip.
Give the orders.
The contents of a trojan can be a virus or a worm.
Liza had always had a tendency to wildness.
That dress caught her eye.
It should arrive any day now.
Call a runner out.
Geneticists only recently discovered the identity of the gene that causes it.
The manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation.
The waitresses looked like missionaries in drag.
"The newsman wanted to break a big story, something that would make him famous."
The African-American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing.
He felt better after a little sleep.
We're planning to camp in the field until Sunday.
Port a rifle.
Let's get a quotation for repairing the roof before we decide whether it's worth doing.
Pull weeds.
A branch of Congress.
I find this difficult to masturbate to.
She didn't get the joke.
I move to repel the rule regarding obligatory school uniform.
You must carry your camping gear.
Peeling potatoes is a drag.
Use your head!
I hold to these ideas.
Run a new program on the Mac.
Strike coins.
The devotion of his time and wealth to science.
He had drunk more than he could carry.
A training session.
"If you keep partying like this, your school-work will suffer."
How does this shirt fit?
Turn your palm this way.
Stretch the imagination.
Stay alone.
Litmus paper turns red on contact with an acid.
You take a chance when you let her drive.
The cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft.
The figure was about a thousand.
He could not work the math problem.
The local Mafia won't touch gambling.
It was a nice piece of work.
Don't make this into a big deal.
I have some free time tonight so I think I'll catch a movie.
It was several days after the storm before they could repair the washout and open the road.
The right front tire had a blowout.
He held the title for two years.
The chef prepared to whisk the egg whites for the angel's food cake.
Can you take me to the main entrance?
His submission to the will of God.
To sophisticate the understanding. -- Southey.
I am reading a good book on economics.
They shot 20 head of quail.
She was granted leave to speak.
The winning goal came with less than a minute left to play.
She was granted leave to speak.
They improve their product every year.
12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves.
Would you like some tea?
My library subscription is about to expire.
Take vengeance.
The movement of cargo onto the vessel.
Printing at higher resolution will cause a reduction in performance.
I read this address as a satire.
How should I take this message?
Block a nerve.
A swelling with a disposition to rupture.
We saw a two-act play in the theatre.
"Should we classify ""make up"" as an idiom or as a phrasal verb?"
Stop a car.
Clear a debt.
It's quite an art.
Dress the windows.
Choke a carburetor.
Tease wool.
Didn't know the way home.
A shared line.
The centimetre is a unit of length.
The horse refuses to back.
One end of the box was marked 'This side up'.
The sale will run for ten days.
He detected a note of sarcasm.
It took more than half my time.
The plane was given clearance to land.
He came to a bad end.
"Driver, noun: one who drives."
The files will erase quickly.
Extend the casserole with a little rice.
Run a new program on the Mac.
"She hates me, that's about the size of it."
Fabric with a tendency to shrink.
"The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person, one vote."
"When the pot comes to a boil, cover it and reduce the heat to medium."
My students range from very bright to dull.
They study the evolution of the universe.
The wee small voice of conscience.
What does Bob do? -- He's a plumber.
They moved in under a mask of friendship.
It was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church.
That mechanic's a bum -- he couldn't fix a yo-yo.
Can I charge this purchase?
The club that is now mostly used for golf was once a common weapon.
He will hold office until the spring of next year.
These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation.
A homeless tramp.
I had to break a $100 bill just to buy the candy.
"Katie's sick, so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything."
I may be an hour.
Turn the heat down.
Raise a sad cry.
Tickets are $5 per head.
Convert slaves to laborers.
The house had a neglected air.
The wall followed the road.
The sky is red this morning -- does that mean we're in for a storm?
Use your head!
I know him under a different name.
Play sports.
Carry the suitcases to the car.
Napoleon III was an echo of the mighty Emperor but an infinitely better man.
Your wish will come true.
Round off the amount.
A section of a fishing rod.
Play the stock market.
She wants to leave.
Hold your temper.
This song keeps going through my head.
I start my day with a good breakfast.
Engineers will work to correct the effects or air resistance.
Our advertisements reach millions.
The line of men fall forward.
In just a bit.
"Although he saw it in a different light, he still did not understand."
The insurance will replace the lost income.
We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem.
* I acknowledge my transgressions. -- Psalm 51:3.
The south wall had a small window.
I knew his name perfectly well but I had a temporary block.
A time period of 30 years.
Appeal to somebody for help.
The sleeves come to your knuckles.
He ate his fill of potatoes.
We stayed in Hawaii for a week.
Take a pulse.
He always turns first to the business section.
A good sport.
A leak in a roof.
Pit plums and cherries.
"I think she is pretty, contrary to most people."
There's no place like home.
The club has a busy calendar this year.
He made a good impression.
There is an example on page 10.
Drive a ball.
Shift the date for our class reunion.
He had become an institution in the theater.
You can't compare my problems and yours.
I made the students feel different about themselves.
We do business all over the world.
Day and night.
The war on poverty.
I have to stop for a moment and catch my breath.
Will the stock market crash again?
She knotted the end of the thread.
People wanted to stone the woman who had a child out of wedlock.
They endured a torrent of inquiries.
Go easy on him: he is but a child.
Birds of prey often seize small mammals.
When will the meeting be?
Will you pay cash or charge the purchase?
He finished an inglorious last.
He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude.
The play had a long run on Broadway.
I support France in the World Cup.
The trend of the stock market.
Stimulate my appetite.
The bank is on the corner of Nassau and Witherspoon.
She could not come because she was too upset.
He needed silence in order to sleep.
Masticate rubber.
The head of the page.
The time is 10 o'clock.
I will work hard to improve my grades.
He bet $2 on number six to show.
I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts.
Keep open the possibility of a merger.
They broke faith with their investors.
The arrangement of the furniture.
His support made a real difference.
He will make a fine father.
"I don't know how to break this to you, but your cat is not coming back."
A gossip session.
I shall be writing to you soon.
Just think -- you could be rich one day!
The seat of these trousers is almost worn through.
The broadcast reached an audience of millions.
We had a wonderful time at the party.
He had to appear in court last month.
I couldn't tell what the thing was.
To empty a well or a cistern.
Don't catch your meaning.
A reading of the current situation.
He managed to show a bold face despite his embarrassment.
The hypotenuse of a right triangle is always the longest side.
A sense of danger.
I feel I hardly know him; I just wish he'd communicate with me a little more.
I start my day with a good breakfast.
Run an errand.
They were sitting by the water's edge.
My Russian vocabulary is very limited.
"Have, throw, or make a party."
I lost my locket in this patch of grass here.
Don't feed him any more: he's had his fill.
A filming session.
Make lead into gold.
The gift of language.
This play will either make or break the playwright.
Float a ship.
A hermit doesn't much care for civilization.
To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler.
Infection can cause a lupus flare.
A large-scale farming operation.
Everyone got a cut of the earnings.
The climate had the softness of the south of France.
You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn.
"Your header is too long; ""Local Cannibals"" will suffice."
Maple syrup.
Is this enough to cover the check?
A wall of prejudice.
We had to stand for the entire performance!
To crack a whip.
We had a feast to celebrate the harvest.
He asked to see the executive who handled his account.
His back was nicely tanned.
Widespread resistance to the new urban development plans.
The key to solving this problem is persistence.
Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $2 billion.
A leak in a boat.
The town debated the purification of the water supply.
Fortunately she had the good sense to run away.
"While being impulsive can be great for artists, it is not a desirable quality for engineers."
Can I buy you a drink?
The plane crashed in the vicinity of Asheville.
Play football.
Ground the electrical connections for safety reasons.
He looked around for the source of the disturbance.
She likes to dress when going to the opera.
"Before we had newspapers, a town crier would cry the news."
The old house served as a dwelling for Albert.
Put the kettle on the fire.
I have known him all his life.
Can you remember her phone number?
There was a connection via the internet.
It is vital that he not know.
Drill a hole into the wall.
$50 won't even purchase a dress.
Pittsburgh is the source of the Ohio River.
It should arrive any day now.
We had sex in the back seat.
She wants to leave.
You drive nails into wood with a hammer.
Could you develop the ideas in your thesis.
A history of France.
The floor of the cave.
In the interest of safety.
The computer weather model did not correctly predict the path of the hurricane.
The queen and her court traveled to the city to welcome back the soldiers.
The development of Alaskan resources.
Come into contact with a terrorist group.
They tested his ability to locate objects in space.
We had to dress quickly.
Politicians have to respect a mass movement.
An industrialized land.
You don't have the stuff to be a United States Marine.
Follow the road.
Execute the decision of the people.
Lift my spirits.
All of human history.
The complex machinery of negotiation.
We serve meals for the homeless.
We must strike the enemy's oil fields.
I start at eight in the morning.
We must strike the enemy's oil fields.
That tree was hit by lightning.
Turn your dance partner around.
He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain.
He suffered from fatigue and emotional tension.
It's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven.
These bonds carry warrants.
Gossip is a malicious poison.
He took a course in basket weaving.
Cut paper dolls.
His hearing was impaired.
Arouse pity.
Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack.
The sleeves come to your knuckles.
"These two copies are supposed to be identical, but they don't match."
He occupied a post in the treasury.
"Before laying sod on that clay, the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil."
Did you catch a cold?
Make a move.
He had to appear in court last month.
Potatoes bake to a crisp.
Pay a call.
Only the top side of the box was painted.
Fall prey to an imposter.
The song of bullets was in the air.
"Please speak up, the line is very faint."
They drew up a six-step plan.
This will permit the rain to run off.
The volume of ticket sales decreased this week.
You were in the courtroom. What is your reaction?
She could not help watching the sad spectacle.
"The CEO made a public apology for the scandal, and promised full cooperation with the authorities."
Take an opportunity.
After two raises there was a call.
Keep your cool.
Mount a horse.
Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer.
The very picture of a modern general.
He managed to wash out the stains.
"I like the way he plays the guitar, but I can't tolerate his voice when he sings."
I didn't mean to knock your tooth out.
I hold with those who say life is sacred.
The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago.
A cabbage patch.
Leave it as is.
To hold true.
A bird will not learn its song unless it hears it at an early age.
Render thanks.
The safety of the ship is the captain's concern.
Electrons orbit the nucleus.
Who's got dibs on the chips?
The airwaves carry the sound.
The patient developed severe pain and distension.
What do you make of his remarks?
He was given credit for his work.
It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled.
He gave a final set to his hat.
From noon till night.
Rub my hands.
He was an expert in the field of Chinese history.
I hold with those who say life is sacred.
Burn a CD.
While there's life there's hope.
Turn your face to the wall.
We'll have to vote on whether or not to admit a new member.
His instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set.
He stared as she buttoned her top.
I didn't hold a good hand all evening.
He received no formal education.
A ten day's leave to visit his mother.
Play with her feelings.
He sensed the presence of danger.
Can you see the bird in that tree?
Beat the egg whites.
I was invited to the masquerade at their home.
To raise Sandy Hook light.
She didn't think to harm me.
These ugly billboards have to go!
I can not work a miracle.
Break a promise.
His etiolation signaled years in prison.
"A chain of ideas, one leading to the next."
If you've time to spare go by air.
They began to fight like fun.
"The newsman wanted to break a big story, something that would make him famous."
This sealed door won't allow the water come into the basement.
Make clay into bricks.
"When he lectures, I can not follow."
He was given credit for his work.
Xhosa speakers click.
Cover her face with a handkerchief.
I can see what will happen.
The cognitive operation of remembering.
The foot of the mountain.
Draw steel.
Her former friends now avoid her.
How fast does your new car go?
The emission of heat from a fire.
Your wish will come true.
You never lift a finger to help me!
They had too much furniture for the small apartment.
Offer prayers to the gods.
She brought a change in her overnight bag.
Control the budget.
Give priority to.
Draw water for a bath.
They fought to regain the lost ground.
Ears open to catch every sound.
You must carry your camping gear.
The reflex motion of his eyebrows revealed his surprise.
"A normal year has 365 full days, but there are 366 days in a leap year."
To burn the mouth with pepper.
Fall prey to an imposter.
These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation.
Stay alone.
Play the stock market.
"The word ""kerosine"" is a variant of ""kerosene""."
The stuff of heros.
My day began early this morning.
Carry the suitcases to the car.
Drill for oil.
Blend the nuts and raisins together.
That is enough for the present.
This dough does not work easily.
Fall into a trap.
He didn't want his wife to know of the relationship.
He wrote the date on the back of the photograph.
He went through fire and damnation.
She played the part of Desdemona.
Block an attack.
His display of foulness deserved severe punishment.
The wee small voice of conscience.
A computer system provides utility programs to perform the tasks needed by most users.
She asked the hairdresser to wave her hair.
I will run the sample.
We raise hogs here.
It just won't make much difference to me.
She gave great head.
"A flexor, which bends a part, is the antagonist of an extensor, which extends it."
Please turn down the volume on the stereo.
"If you want to play varsity, you'll have to try out for the team."
To snap a whip.
Where did she get these news?
He paid all his bills by check.
The artist must first learn to see.
Draw parallels.
The upward trend of stock-market prices.
Under the head of minor Roman poets.
Keep open the possibility of a merger.
She read my mind and promptly rose to get me a glass of water.
Dew dripped from the face of the leaf.
Raise my salary.
"If he asks for food, point him toward the refrigerator."
Do you want to work after the age of 60?
The boat beat in the strong wind.
The depth of the water.
The team is a unit.
Cut a Ping-Pong ball.
Spray paint on the wall.
He threw the ball into the air.
We can not admit non-members into our club building.
Your wish will come true.
These pages don't belong.
"The set of rational numbers, \mathbbQ, is the prototypical field."
He was a bull of a man.
To drive sheep out of a field.
His grandfather was in the Pacific theater during the war.
"Yet Butler professes to stick to plain facts, not to sophisticate, not to refine. -- M. Arnold."
It was about 500 square feet in area.
One of the planet's moons has a slower spin than the others.
Don't interrupt me when I'm reading.
Cut a disk.
He sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage.
A rifle action.
Origin in sensation.
He has a special place in my thoughts.
Don't drift from the set course.
How nice to see you again!
Raise a siege.
We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater.
The part of his hair was slightly to the left.
Window of opportunity.
The rifle had been fitted with a special stock.
His best finish in a major tournament was third.
It is not work but worry that kills.
The accusative case canonically indicates a direct object.
To loosen a knot.
Cut the songs.
Flatten your stomach with these exercises.
We've been having a lot of rain lately.
Normalize relations with China.
What message do you see in this letter?
I can not say 'zip wire'.
He attributed the change to their marriage.
Draw a conclusion.
You can't act irresponsibly and then expect me to take the rap.
It brought out his better side.
Winnow chaff.
They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend.
He got a refill for his notebook.
Hold in place.
The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs.
He sensed the presence of danger.
Render fat in a casserole.
New York is at the mouth of the Hudson.
You never understand what I mean!
The production of white blood cells.
A serious loss of business.
There's good stuff in that book.
The military academy at West Point.
12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves.
Give one's talents to a good cause.
The only girl who would have him was the miller's daughter.
She didn't touch her food all night.
To arouse jealousy.
"He arrived five minutes late, but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift."
The ball rolled into the corner pocket.
He recorded the spoken language of the streets.
To raise your walking stick to defend yourself.
Sanitize a document before releasing it to the press.
The renowned director could translate experience to film with ease.
Remove a threat.
The south wall had a small window.
Start a new job.
It is not known who created this piece.
A wall of water.
The TV program has a new time slot.
To volunteer for doing the dishes.
Please erase the formula on the blackboard -- it is wrong!
A hormonal imbalance.
I vouch for the quality of my products.
A prison term.
He could hardly conceal his excitement when she agreed.
An account of a battle.
Play fair.
I am a British subject.
We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories.
Respect my authority!
The hurricane demolished houses in its path.
It took more than half my time.
The floor of the pelvis.
He is the Republican boss in Kentucky.
The author gives a depressing picture of life in Poland.
A horse hates having a bit put in its mouth.
She may not make the grade.
The connection between church and state is inescapable.
"The store is huge, occupying an entire city block."
A novel application of electronics to medical diagnosis.
There are 50 acres of land in this estate.
He played a shtik Beethoven.
It's a quarter til 4.
The reason a steady state was never reached was that the back pressure built up too slowly.
"'Now push hard,' said the doctor to the woman."
This old radio doesn't work anymore.
Give the orders.
They have no monopoly on intelligence.
Place a check by the things you have done.
Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm.
A wave of conservatism in the country led by the hard right.
It started to snow.
Don't pay him any mind.
Make a stir.
What do you make of his remarks?
Think thin.
Why the sad face?
She agreed to bear the responsibility.
I want to see whether she speaks French.
* I acknowledge my transgressions. -- Psalm 51:3.
Used her parents' influence to get the job.
You should consult the dictionary.
I will work hard to improve my grades.
Give the orders.
I mean to go to Baddeck this summer.
This dough does not work easily.
A body of precedents.
Bounce a check.
Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on.
The strength of the company's stock in recent weeks.
Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on.
"After the power failure, we had to restore the database from backup."
A building lot in a city.
I'll take the blue plates.
We must strike the enemy's oil fields.
There was a connection via the internet.
Break down a proof.
His saxophone was in pledge.
There is not a drop of pity in that man.
Within the compass of an encircling wall.
To snap a fastener.
Open the door a crack.
I'll meet you at the foot of the stairs.
They sailed south around the point.
The student body.
We had a wonderful time at the party.
Break a lucky streak.
They tested his ability to locate objects in space.
We can not continue several servants any longer.
Run a new program on the Mac.
Make a mess in one's office.
Bear news.
This dish could use a touch of garlic.
The drums beat all night.
"The letter ""G"" was found in volume 4."
I will work hard to improve my grades.
We don't garage our car.
Sanitize a document before releasing it to the press.
The soft metal works well.
Don't ride me so hard over my failure.
The power of its engine determines its operation.
The only city of any size in that area.
I doubt these reports.
Develop the rook.
They improve their product every year; they export most of their agricultural production.
In the day of the dinosaurs.
The company tried to project an altruistic image.
We live in a litigious age.
They handed out the printed text of the mayor's speech.
The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt.
That's our finest cut of meat.
He was a great actor in his time.
His salary was determined by his rank and seniority.
Throw a javelin.
The Democratic Party is an umbrella for many liberal groups.
Raise a family.
Curled up on the foot of the bed.
Raise hell.
There's a perpetual twinkle in his eyes.
The dog barked all night.
They say he gives good head.
He was a member of a special police unit.
I really want to sing in the school choir.
This will save money.
I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match.
I'll see you to the door.
How much is the damage?
The employees' attitude is really hurting the concern.
A ranch hand.
Crush an aluminum can.
Let the dogs run free.
He had an unruly shock of black hair.
"I like the way he plays the guitar, but I can't tolerate his voice when he sings."
The cover concealed their guns from enemy aircraft.
To toy with a piece of food on one's plate.
I know that the President lied to the people.
His interests didn't match her interests.
Cut a movie scene.
He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted.
There's a $15 cover tonight.
Increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases.
Can you see the bird in that tree?
They resisted every effort on his part.
A crop circle was made in a corn field.
"If your dick has ""the drip"" you probably have the clap and need to go to the sex clinic."
Can you follow her argument?
He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned.
I didn't shed many tears when he left me.
There are three synagogues in the Jewish section.
They gained ground step by step.
A trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain.
"When the weather is warm, the snowman will disappear; he will melt."
At that point I had to leave.
Work your way through every problem or task.
Your performance doesn't even touch that of your colleagues.
Set fire to a building.
I don't think we have the red one in your size.
Corruption of a minor.
He bought his brother's business.
Throw accusations at someone.
Break a circuit.
Let's break for lunch.
I went to see my friend Mary the other day.
Will $100 do?
"I tried to make a call, but the line was dead."
He admired the inclusion of so many ideas in such a short work.
When these final episodes are broadcast it will be the finish of the show.
He does not support his natural children.
A member of the faculty.
To make like a deer caught in the headlights.
The price of success is hard work.
My cold is gone -- I feel fine today.
You can create the color orange by mixing yellow and red.
The cattle roam across the prairie.
Stone tools precede bronze tools.
The body of the car was badly rusted.
"We are enjoying a long engagement, but haven't yet set a date."
After that failure he lost his confidence.
We could always call on a friend.
Intellectual bankruptcy.
I saw through his little game from the start.
A trial of progesterone failed to relieve the pain.
We can not trust anyone who deceives us.
I'm making coleslaw; do you know where the grater is?
He tried to blame the victim but his success on that score was doubtful.
Give him his due -- he is a good actor.
Normalize relations with China.
General Smith was placed in command.
Can you break a hundred-dollar bill for me?
We had to dress quickly.
The Germans were desperately trying to contain the Anzio beachhead.
You have no right to go through my personal diary.
This old radio doesn't work anymore.
One end of the box was marked 'This side up'.
Give a course.
The wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish.
Take shelter from the storm.
He learned to tolerate the heat.
The luck of the Irish.
Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security.
I understand what she means.
Stretch the fabric.
There was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery.
The military academy at West Point.
He prepared his presentation carefully in advance.
A liberal political complexion.
Suck the poison from the place where the snake bit.
He borrowed a large sum.
Let's follow our great helmsman!
Although I don't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures.
I keep my specimens under glass to protect them.
Take the gun from your pocket.
He is playing third.
There is an opening in the sales department.
I bet she will be there!
You'll pay for this!
Start from the bottom and work towards the top.
I think he is very smart.
A mother's love is not easily shaken.
I got some great bargains at their annual sale.
Brush away the crumbs.
Cold is a vasoconstrictor.
Cover the child with a blanket.
When these final episodes are broadcast it will be the finish of the show.
The children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests.
Kronas kurss -- the exchange rate of the krona.
Stretch out that piece of cloth.
The press of business matters.
Set these words in italics.
The defensive line braced to stop the run.
Nuts shell in falling.
I couldn't tell what the thing was.
"The hillside behind our house isn't generally much to look at, but once all the trees turn it's gorgeous."
This school is well-known for having teachers of high quality.
Pull the string gently.
Assisted procreation can help those trying to conceive.
They gave him emotional support during difficult times.
His nomination was hotly protested.
Round off the amount.
The book had an important impact on my thinking.
Hastened the period of time of his recovery.
He ate a third of the pie.
That engineer is a credit to the team.
The power of his love saved her.
He uttered harsh language.
The seat of a saddle.
He doesn't care about how / whether she comes.
The incarnation is a basic doctrine of classical Christianity.
The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet.
I know that the President lied to the people.
It was a mountainous area.
There was a small opening between the trees.
They were arrayed in line of battle.
The Moon is a natural satellite of the Earth.
This computer will connect well to the network.
I mean no harm.
The Democrats still have some cards to play before they will concede the electoral victory.
Language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals.
Seek happiness.
An inventory may be necessary to see if anything is missing.
Your wish will come true.
The sequence of reciprocals has zero as its limit.
It is growing rapidly with no limitation in sight.
Take steps.
Estimates of the city's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars.
Do you know my sister?
The process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls.
To attain (or to reach) proficiency.
The collision of the two ships resulted in a serious oil spill.
Her death came as a terrible shock.
I carry these thoughts in the back of my head.
Hold your breath.
My computer is too old to run the new OS.
Stay alone.
Ping your machine in the office.
He rode into the mouth of the canyon.
He was suffering from museum fatigue.
There was widespread danger of disease.
The general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree.
The political picture is favorable.
She tied her bikini top.
Draw pulp from the fruit.
I hold with those who say life is sacred.
Shape the dough.
Pass along the good news.
A number 13 shoe.
Can the child dress by herself?
Refine pig iron.
Do research.
"Please speak up, the line is very faint."
Cut a check.
These pipes carry waste water into the river.
They traditionally trim the tree on Christmas Eve.
Open a window and let in some air.
His plan of attack was misguided.
Mow the grass.
He held a large block of the company's stock.
Strike an arc.
Can you shed light on this problem?
A dedicated line.
I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news.
Can you stand the bookshelf up?
A great congregation of birds flew over.
Fall prey to an imposter.
Jones came in third.
The insurance will replace the lost income.
Take two aspirin and call me in the morning.
You look like someone drug you behind a horse for half a mile.
The forces of reaction carried the election.
When was the last time we went out? I don't remember.
The whole floor complained about the lack of heat.
The Academy of Music.
I had no further trade with him.
Pull the trigger of the gun.
I didn't catch your name.
"As the car salesman approached, wearing a plaid suit and slicked-back hair, he seemed to embody sleaze."
The familiar conflict between Republicans and Democrats.
This multiplication of cells is a natural correlate of growth.
Defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem.
He left me an almost impossible shot.
Drag this icon to the lower right hand corner of the screen.
Put that light out!
The formation of crystals.
Do you have a light?
The reticulation of a leaf.
Process iron.
His conflict of interest made him ineligible for the post.
Strip a wall of its wallpaper.
It was an experience he would not soon forget.
She was humming an air from Beethoven.
Deliver the package to my home.
He stood on the right.
Give a course.
The gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them.
Gather the close family members.
The engineer called round whilst you were away.
He lived at a fast pace.
Victorian furniture is an interest of mine.
Run a new program on the Mac.
"To apply for the position, complete the application form."
I give you credit for owning up to your mistake.
Soon the rain will stop.
The lap of the shingles should be at least ten inches.
Use your head!
The face of the city is changing.
They were an angry lot.
He tried to understand their system of classification.
The foot of the mountain.
I can't use this tool.
To line the shelves.
To burn the mouth with pepper.
I can't get these boots off (or on).
American industry is making increased use of computers to control production.
The visibility from that angle was good.
They could not act without official communication from Moscow.
I'm afraid I don't understand what you mean.
He went out to have a look.
He attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy.
Did you catch a cold?
He checked the point on his compass.
I'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me.
A bad reaction to the medicine.
To press a crowd back.
Do you want to work after the age of 60?
Immediate demobilization of the reserves.
I have a house and a car.
'won't' is a contraction of 'will not'.
Ears open to catch every sound.
Political fatigue.
Go about the world in a certain manner.
Pay attention.
He gave up on life.
Our choice of concrete will have a tremendous impact on the building's mechanical performance.
For your sake.
Attempts to explain the origin of evil in the world.
How many cars does she have?
Roll your hair around your finger.
"I was on a winning streak until the fourth game, where I was dealt terrible cards."
Drill a hole into the wall.
I had a look in the mirror to see if the blood had come off my face.
If that happens it will be at some distance in the future.
"The most moving scene is the final one, where he realizes he has wasted his whole life."
The chimney corner was full of cobwebs.
The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home.
Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool?
The stage pulled into town carrying the payroll for the mill and three ladies.
I will check up on the car tomorrow.
I need to go water the cattle.
"To purchase land, to purchase a house."
Try the yak butter.
Tap one's memory.
He was ejected for protesting the call.
Sugar loaf.
We must move quickly.
He walked to school every morning.
A chair is furniture. Sofas are also furniture.
We must develop more potential customers.
A body of law.
It should arrive any day now.
He dusted off the seat before sitting down.
"If the vase falls to the floor, it might break."
When is your baby due?
It set the stage for peaceful negotiations.
"Charge all weapons, shields, and banners."
The application of indexes to tables of data.
In Japan most fish is eaten raw.
They are expecting a large vote.
Extend a hand.
They hope to make a bigger profit.
It is much cooler in the shade.
Social life.
I want to see results.
I keep my specimens under glass to protect them.
Fall by the wayside.
Charlie likes to play Mary.
The train pulled into the station.
Block the wheels of a car.
This is a nice place for a picnic.
"Those opposing the building plans were in the majority, so the building project was canceled."
Muslims fast during Ramadan.
Strike 'z' on the keyboard.
The union of opposing factions.
Marsupials carry their young in a pouch.
200 head of cattle.
The workers spell every four hours.
Did you get it?
Play games.
Stretch the fabric.
Play football.
He gave the door a hard push.
Play safe.
Raise the price of bread.
The material lost 2 inches per yard in shrinkage.
I define myself as a techno-anarchist.
A man of quality.
The book of Isaiah.
It just won't make much of a difference to anyone.
I take it you're not going?
In defense he said the other man started it.
Raise from the dead.
Beg the question.
Cold is a vasoconstrictor.
Strike a medal.
"Katie's sick, so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything."
They entertained on a grand scale.
I have faith in the goodness of my fellow man.
Verify a claim.
The south wall had a small window.
His threat to kill me was quite explicit.
Receive letters from the front.
Canada is a member of the United Nations.
You must consider her age.
He has a very complicated love life.
To make like a deer caught in the headlights.
The hills around here fall towards the ocean.
Be careful not to stretch or gather your knitting.
Can you work an electric drill?
Lob the tennis ball.
The melon had a delicious taste.
It was on the order of a mile.
Stand the test of time.
There is an officer's club on the post.
We simply could not start the engine.
His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue.
Did you catch that allusion?
Soon the rain will stop.
We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba.
The governor should act on the new energy bill.
We added a new rosebush to our rose bed.
"I don't want to be bald, so just top my hair."
The whole school turned out for the game.
Put the batteries in the charger overnight so we can use them tomorrow.
Magnolias belong to the division Magnoliophyta.
They will cut round stock to 1-inch diameter.
Moved from third to fifth position.
It worked up to right now.
It is always a job to contact him.
Settling a score.
The missionaries quickly spread their new message across the country.
Fire a bullet.
Her features had a delicate cast to them.
Polish my shoes.
If you cut then I'll deal.
The addition of a leap day every four years.
Do you think the sofa will go through the door?
Check into the rumor.
To my immense gratification he arrived on time.
There is an opening in the sales department.
There was an informal meeting in my living room.
Education is the door to success.
There's little to earn and many to keep.
He wrote on the flap of the envelope.
A long and happy marriage.
The room has a wooden floor.
An air of mystery.
I've been suffering your insults for years.
We must develop more potential customers.
He enjoyed selling but he hated the travel.
Gather some stones.
The fringe of a picture.
Efface the memory of the time in the camps.
Mid term goals.
Under his proud survey the city lies. -- Sir John Denham.
In careful usage the noun enormity is not used to express the idea of great size.
"The maths problem is a real snorter, isn't it?"
The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail.
He played catch with his son in the backyard.
He overstepped his place.
A bevy of young beach boys swarmed around him.
The horse threw its rider.
Arrogance and lack of taste contributed to his rapid success.
The soccer player began to swing at the referee.
I'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore!
Raise a shout.
He heard the phone ringing but didn't want to take the call.
The point guard drove toward the basket.
He doesn't know how to use a computer.
Nicklaus had a run of birdies.
We take the Times every day.
When will the meeting be?
Catch fire.
He was admitted to the bar in New Jersey.
His mother threatened to spank him if he didn't behave.
* That would fall under the rubric of things we can ignore for now.
Pull the old soup cans from the supermarket shelf.
A crop circle was made in a corn field.
Arouse pity.
The quality of students has risen.
Jade refused to go swimming with her brother until he helped her find her favorite swimsuit.
The sauce should reduce to one cup.
Spread information.
Cover her face with a handkerchief.
I could hear the breath of the runner behind me.
A riding academy.
Hold your tongue.
Nothing good will come of this.
To empty a well or a cistern.
"To carry well, i.e. to hold the head high, with arching neck."
The order of Saint Benedict.
I can't use this tool.
Her surprise did not register.
To approach the city.
He was suspected of implication in several robberies.
The line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed.
Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach.
He had a religious experience.
Come into the room.
Ancient Egyptians believed in the divinity of the Pharaohs.
Tea has fragrant white flowers.
Can I go now?
The war on poverty.
This dough does not work easily.
His heroism saved a life.
I mean no harm.
Trace a pattern.
The trend of a coastline.
A sense of happiness.
You must carry your camping gear.
"I know your mother, but I've never met your father."
This car does not compare with our line of Mercedes.
Make a cake.
He had no clear picture of himself or his world.
The coast is clear.
Beat one's breast.
Caught in the mire of poverty.
Puddle iron.
The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring.
The surface had a greasy feeling.
This computer will connect well to the network.
Can you break a hundred-dollar bill for me?
"According to the Bible, the rainbow is a token of God's covenant with Noah."
I spent my spring holidays in Morocco.
He put all his efforts into this job.
Strike fire from the flintstone.
Pay an obligation.
The crazy lady made a scene in the grocery store.
The manager had only four starting pitchers in his rotation.
Cast a warm light.
Men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today.
Fall into a trap.
A component or constituent element of a system.
Work the metal.
Pay a visit.
To pick rags.
He encountered a general feeling of resistance from many citizens.
I can not find my gloves!
12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves.
The prostitute had a record a mile long.
Remove a threat.
I know that the President lied to the people.
The set of all rational numbers is a field.
The gift of language.
Fill a container.
They are having a clearance sale: 50% off.
The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail.
No one wanted to play end.
To offset one charge against another.
Tension holds the belt in the pulleys.
He held me up at the point of a gun.
A train of thought.
Bad luck caused his downfall.
We encountered an abandoned boat at the confluence of the Mississippi and Ohio Rivers.
Give him a hand.
A channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company.
They stopped selling in exact sizes in order to reduce inventory.
I want to tell you a story.
The ocean was finally at rest.
He read his newspaper at breakfast.
Fall by the wayside.
He worked for price stabilization for farm products.
They phoned hoping to place her in the management team.
The cup of her bra.
He bought his brother's business.
They kept a firm grip on the two top priorities.
Construct an argument.
Please check each name on the list.
Play water from a hose.
I know that I left the key on the table.
Dog is a hyponym of animal.
This dish could use a touch of garlic.
Strike a balance.
He built a modest dwelling near the pond.
He held me up at the point of a gun.
To fall off a point.
Service my truck.
The formation of crystals.
The banjo had a long neck.
The piano had a very stiff action.
The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves.
The sky is red this morning -- does that mean we're in for a storm?
I wish I could go home now.
What does the law say?
Give a course.
Hold these truths to be self-evident.
This may answer her needs.
To admit a serious thought into the mind.
Let's see -- which movie should we see tonight?
To admit a serious thought into the mind.
I want to get there early; let's roll.
The piece has a fast rhythm.
You didn't give me enough notice.
Every number has a unique position in the sequence.
The trend of the stock market.
Trace your path.
The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction.
"This receptiveness is the key feature in oestral behavior, enabling natural mating to occur."
He doesn't care about how / whether she comes.
The citizens mark the anniversary of the revolution with a march and a parade.
Offer resistance.
The control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw.
He gestured for silence.
He recalled the experience vividly.
A rugged complexion.
The big hand counts the minutes.
He didn't make the choir after his voice changed.
To advance one's interests.
His deference to her wishes was very flattering.
When will the meeting be?
This boat can only carry a small sail.
I beat the traffic.
He spent hours looking for the source of that quotation.
He threw away the rest.
Teenagers follow their friends in everything.
Open a window and let in some air.
We hit Detroit by noon.
The news spread rapidly through the medical profession.
A cabbage patch.
It was on the order of a mile.
The voice of experience.
National independence takes priority over class struggle.
Pick meat from a bone.
There's little to earn and many to keep.
Put the kettle on the fire.
Par for this course is 72.
His back was nicely tanned.
We looked through the glass to see stars.
Make enemies.
Turn the corner.
Picasso's blue period.
You can lose your identity when you join the army.
Toe a nail.
What was your score on your homework?
An angry face.
Come down here!
He performed in drag.
"She wants to act Lady Macbeth, but she is too young for the role."
The match ended in their first loss of the season.
Sublime iodine.
"The story is false, so far as I can discover."
To arouse anger.
He could not work the math problem.
We had to cut short the conversation.
Time stops for nobody.
Consummate a marriage.
Beat the cream.
Gather some stones.
He wore a jock strap with a metal cup.
Rub my hands.
The army maintains a missile range in the desert.
Process a loan.
He has the one but will need a two and three to go with it.
Pay a debt.
He put the lamp back in its place.
Such images define their sense of nationality.
There is a demand for jobs.
Draw parallels.
A notice of sale.
The oceans are teeming with life.
Float data.
We must move quickly.
To hold good.
The grandfather clock beat midnight.
The Japanese were active last week on the diplomatic front.
The word is a basic linguistic unit.
There was a reversal of autonomic function.
Corn doesn't grow here.
They gave full play to the artist's talent.
I just can't see your point.
Work your way through every problem or task.
They used the elephants to help put up the circus.
Turn your palm this way.
The attraction of the book is precisely its narrowness of focus.
"The most moving scene is the final one, where he realizes he has wasted his whole life."
How do you sleep at night when you attack your kids like that!?
Drop him from the Republican ticket.
Follow the road.
His faith was all the support he needed.
"The maths problem is a real snorter, isn't it?"
"The story is false, so far as I can discover."
Make a cake.
We will strike a medal in your honour.
"When the weather is warm, the snowman will disappear; he will melt."
Get nauseous.
Retrograde arguments.
It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled.
Those clouds show little sign of raining soon.
Hold all calls to the President's office while he is in a meeting.
There was a dullness in his heart.
He had no choice but to resign the game and let his opponent become the champion.
I hope to become one of their number before I die.
The outcome justified the search.
Fish with a delicate flavor and texture.
We enjoyed our round of the local bars.
A hard theory to put into practice.
Develop a market for the new mobile phone.
Had a streak of bad luck.
The office is in the gift of the President.
Break an alibi.
Please inspect your father's will carefully.
Park the car in the yard.
Can I give you the children for the weekend?
It will pay to wait.
Beat the drum.
The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens.
They shot 20 head of quail.
He didn't make the choir after his voice changed.
The flight to Paris leaves at 7 o'clock tonight.
In England they call a slowpoke a slowcoach.
He applied a coat of a clear finish.
A place in my heart.
A unit of wheat is a bushel.
She was famous as an interpreter of Shakespearean roles.
Raise an army.
The shortness of a stubby pencil.
Some students had stolen the key to the final exam.
The band returned to the stage to play an encore.
This liquid will soften your laundry.
All you ever do is surf the Internet.
"The ""Ring of the Nibelung"" is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner, the famous nineteenth-century German composer."
I see that you have been promoted.
Drop him from the Republican ticket.
Victorian furniture is an interest of mine.
That year there was a crop failure.
A political system with no place for the less prominent groups.
Make revolution.
Rub oil into her skin.
Shuffle the cards.
Stir the soup.
The war against crime.
Keep my job for me while I give birth.
I would not call her beautiful.
The people slowly progressed from barbarism to civilization.
She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke.
He inserted the wedge into a split in the log.
They had sex in the back seat.
"If the vase falls to the floor, it might break."
Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm.
How fast does your new car go?
Wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace.
His paintings reveal a sensitive interpreter of nature.
The child's breath came quickly and unevenly.
She read the sky and predicted rain.
He changed seat to get a complete view of the stage.
Can you follow her argument?
The labor movement has been struggling in America since the passage of the Taft-Hartley act in 1947.
To club exertions.
The store shelves held many different kinds of tea.
This building used to be a church before being converted into a library.
Pad the seat of the chair.
He spoke in a low key.
Hold in place.
Draw a weapon.
Hang the venison for a few days.
We stand on common ground.
The accident was a good lesson to me.
The newspaper is featuring a competition to win a car.
She could not help watching the sad spectacle.
I won't have this dog in my house!
Respect my authority!
This invention will make you a millionaire.
He got a loan of five thousand pounds.
They were at the head of the attack.
Hang a door.
Communicate a disease.
He's a mere slip of a lad.
She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke.
Draw a line.
I wish I could undo my actions.
I felt the same way.
This piano has a wonderful touch.
Analyze the evidence in a criminal trial.
She never worked because she inherited a lot of money.
"We had to lose weight, so we cut the sugar from our diet."
He was responsible for the beginning of negotiations.
Deliver a package.
"He got clearance to travel to America, even though he had previous links to terrorists."
A ship in distress.
My daughter's fancy wedding is going to break me!
Let's stretch for a minute -- we've been sitting here for over 3 hours.
Deep in her breast lives the silent wound.
Remove a threat.
He was at the top of his form.
Did you ever visit Paris?
Hold one's nose.
"In these forests, mushrooms grow under the trees."
He was ejected for protesting the call.
His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue.
A variant of the same word.
It's a quarter til 4.
The hum of distant traffic.
Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday.
She's got a perfect smile.
A heart condition.
He deserves his day in court.
Block a muscle.
I'm leaving work early because I have a doctor's appointment.
It can be tricky to land a helicopter.
What do we have here?
We should meet at a pre-arranged point.
The mixer returned to the plant for another fill.
This cartridge has a powder charge of 50 grains.
A unit of wheat is a bushel.
Roll out the paper.
I apply this rule to get good results.
A course of bricks.
It ended on a sour note.
This dough does not work easily.
It takes a lot of courage to be successful in business.
The formation of memories.
The addition of cinnamon improved the flavor.
"Okay, but this is the last time. No more after that!"
In a weak financial state.
They were sitting by the water's edge.
The operator couldn't get Kobe because of the earthquake.
Their angry expressions were a clear sign they didn't want to talk.
"She's my love, my life."
"Can I have a dozen eggs, please?"
"As the altitude increases, the temperature gets lower, so remember to bring warm clothes to the mountains."
Files with a red tab will be stored separately.
I keep a small stock of painkillers for emergencies.
The drinking fountain was out in the hall.
Set the table.
Turn the legs of the table.
The ballet dancer walked with a graceful attitude.
Get to the point.
These ugly billboards have to go!
You'll find vitamin C for sale at most pharmacies.
"You shuffle, I'll deal."
Show me where the business was today.
Set the table.
The company tried to project an altruistic image.
He tries to hit on women in bars.
What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor?
"A ""robber baron"" or ""robber knight"" is an historic term and title of disdain."
Break cigarette smoking.
There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm.
He did a funny impression of a politician.
Don't fire until you see the whites of their eyes.
That masquerade of misrepresentation which invariably accompanied the political eloquence of Rome -- Thomas de Quincey.
To press a crowd back.
Draw a wagon.
Some students had stolen the key to the final exam.
My sister lives in that apartment building.
His first job in Hollywood was as a double for Clark Gable.
The play lasted two hours.
Political fatigue.
A head of lettuce.
These shoes come in three colors.
The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow.
An art exhibition.
Rack one's brains.
He didn't make the choir after his voice changed.
We take all major credit cards.
The match ended in their first loss of the season.
The action is no longer in technology stocks but in municipal bonds.
My neighbour has an annoying cat.
Read the advertisement.
Shift the date for our class reunion.
The rookie made a brief appearance in the first period.
The application of indexes to tables of data.
I want to tell a story.
The sole object of her trip was to see her children.
The horse won by a neck.
The facts had been brought to the surface.
We all got to ride the merry-go-round when the brought their carnival to town.
Break down a proof.
Shell the legumes.
We should go farther in this matter.
In return we gave them as good as we got.
A novel application of electronics to medical diagnosis.
John's attendance for the conventions was not good.
We carry a very large mortgage.
The company laid off all the workers when they tried to unionize.
"The hillside behind our house isn't generally much to look at, but once all the trees turn it's gorgeous."
You can't compare my problems and yours.
I like the cut of that suit.
Make a wall of stones.
She knotted the end of the thread.
Order ruled in the streets.
Suddenly her gigantic power melted into softness for the baby.
I can't read his strange behavior.
Coordinate our efforts.
The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets.
This time he succeeded.
Stop running all over the field and play your position!
"I'm cold; can you roll over here and cuddle me, honey?"
Do you have a light?
To crack a whip.
"Some people put the stress on the first syllable of ""controversy""; others put it on the second."
The grip of a sword.
The political left is not holding enough power.
This diamond comes from a mine in South Africa.
His defensiveness was manifested in hurt silence.
I beg your pardon. I didn't mean to cause offence.
How much do you make a month in your new job?
Draw on a cigarette.
The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago.
His daily run keeps him fit.
Catch the mood.
He won't step into his father's footsteps.
The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant.
He determined the length of the shortest line segment joining the two points.
You can stay with me while you are in town.
Cover her face with a handkerchief.
I beg your pardon. I didn't mean to cause offence.
There was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare.
He's not in my line of business.
The head of the stairs.
The horse threw its rider.
In the year 1920.
I want to see results.
Block the book cover.
It ended on a sour note.
They got a bad connection and could hardly hear one another over the background signals.
That mechanic's a bum -- he couldn't fix a yo-yo.
Turn on the spot.
We know this movie.
Philip's dwelling fronted on the street. -- Alfred Tennyson.
Atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life.
Do you take sugar in your coffee?
Face the lapels of the jacket.
These potatoes keep for a long time.
I don't care.
The Republican nomination for Governor.
The law was a recognition of their civil rights.
The consolidation of the United States' hegemony over a new international economic system.
The two stories don't agree in many details.
He threw the ball into the air.
Break cigarette smoking.
At what time does your train leave?
Pull your knees towards your chin.
The letter of a room.
A school of small glittering fish swam by.
He was mistreated while in police custody.
"A normal year has 365 full days, but there are 366 days in a leap year."
Clear a debt.
The use of torture has been condemned by the United Nations.
"I don't know how to break this to you, but your cat is not coming back."
"O Marcus, I am warm'd; my heart Leaps at the trumpet's voice."
The line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed.
The party of the first part.
The plane was just a speck in the sky.
Convention center.
The planes don't connect and you will have to wait for four hours.
The policy so far is all stick and no carrot.
If I had my way.
"If you find this computer for sale anywhere at a lower price, we'll refund you the difference."
Play fair.
Suddenly they were in a slack and the water was motionless.
The teacher paused in her lecture to allow the students to assimilate what she had said.
Come down here!
Break a circuit.
I've always had a liking for reading.
"'Now push hard,' said the doctor to the woman."
Hoop vats.
The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle.
Render the brick walls in the den.
I carry her image in my mind's eye.
Don't make this into a big deal.
I didn't mean to knock your tooth out.
A lonely way of life.
Give a yelp.
Channelize a stream.
This mushrooms can poison.
A prison term.
I can not relate these events at all.
My ambition is to own a helicopter.
After the scare about foot-and-mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat.
Perversion also shows up in kinky telephone cords.
Rub my hands.
He broke the point of his pencil.
A multinational operation.
The back of the dental chair was adjustable.
Smear the wall with paint.
The publisher wants to distribute the book in Asia.
The book dealer would not break the set.
These shoes come in three colors.
A channel is typically what you rent from a telephone company.
Anne Boleyn placed her head on the block and awaited her execution.
Check into the rumor.
I hit the jackpot.
"I've practiced the piano off and on, and I still can't play very well."
He drank a cup of coffee.
The insurance will replace the lost income.
He dreamed of a home on the range.
Make merry.
Roll out the paper.
Armored from head to foot.
Put down 5 and carry 2.
Wash in warm water and tumble dry.
A multinational operation.
The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part.
The dollar is the United States unit of currency.
"If I lose a few kilos, the gorgeous wedding dress might fit me."
Hold in place.
He stuck the point of the knife into a tree.
He's come a long way.
Our sense of sight enables us to locate objects in space.
Is this enough to cover the check?
I will carry the secret to my grave.
The statue stood on a marble support.
The doctor recommended regular exercise.
We only use Spanish at home.
Pay a visit.
How did your interview go?
The young teacher had to substitute for the sick colleague.
A critical time in the school's history.
He left school before the end of term.
He got several girls in trouble.
Run a new program on the Mac.
He took a deep breath and dived into the pool.
We had to stand for the entire performance!
Bake the potatoes.
We have a fix on your position.
I like to treat myself to a day at a spa when I am depressed.
Give an excuse.
He asked for a poll of public opinion.
He called each flip of the coin a new trial.
How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric?
I may be an hour.
"As there was a lot of damage, we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch."
The face of the city is changing.
He lost his place on the page.
The chairman of the company told the salesmen to move the computers.
Catastrophes make good copy.
Strike a medal.
You need to get permission to leave early.
"A chain of ideas, one leading to the next."
Could you please scratch my back?
Would you like some tea?
Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies.
Those clouds show little sign of raining soon.
We'll have to shift these boxes to the downtown office.
Turn your palm this way.
Make an estimate.
This sofa won't go with the chairs.
To allow a son to be absent.
She didn't get to Chicago until after midnight.
Mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed.
Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach.
They stopped at an open space in the jungle.
He put his coat over the back of the chair and sat down.
Rally together against a common enemy.
Do nothing.
Walk down the street.
I didn't mean to knock your tooth out.
To approach the city.
Come this way and I'll show you a shortcut.
An achievement that puts everything else in the shade.
The acquisition of wealth.
He had a great feeling for music.
Don't run that software unless you have permission.
Break a branch from a tree.
We like to summer in the Mediterranean.
He resorted to the interception of his daughter's letters.
The scale of the map.
A terrible feeling of ulteriority.
Life has lost its point.
Come out of the closet!
He's a master of the business deal.
Red Rum only won by a nose.
Shed your clothes.
A leak in a roof.
After that day she never trusted him again.
I could hear the breath of the runner behind me.
Raise a family.
We had to see a psychiatrist.
The plains lay just beyond the mountain range.
Play cards.
The jar had a wide mouth.
Drift the cattle herds westwards.
The grant doesn't cover my salary.
The tires showed uneven wear.
Make merry.
The noblemen visited the queen in her court.
I ordered two dozen doughnuts.
I lost my locket in this patch of grass here.
He never left my side.
A drop of each sample was analyzed.
The battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self.
He does not support his natural children.
The track bed had washed away.
"After a hard day's work, I vegetate in front of the television."
We know this movie.
A solid border around a table of figures.
To snap a fastener.
Under the head of minor Roman poets.
Mark homework.
She is the personification of optimism.
"Open your mouth and say 'aah', directed the doctor."
Too much rain may blight the garden with mold.
"The feeling is difficult to describe, but not unpleasant."
It was Bernhardt's last appearance in America.
They paid taxes on every stage of the operation.
He cherished the faith of a good woman.
You never understand what I mean!
Rub my hands.
The player with the highest score is the winner.
He is on the purchasing side of the business.
Karma's a bitch.
Does my policy cover accidental loss?
He will hold office until the spring of next year.
He could no longer cope with the complexities of life.
Hold your temper.
You have to be a good observer to see all the details.
We laughed at her because the label was still on her new sweater.
Leave it as is.
Grate carrots and onions.
General Smith was placed in command.
Turn a key.
He bet $2 on number six to show.
They shot 20 head of quail.
We've got to sell a lot of product by the end of the month.
Come down here!
The paint will brighten the room.
He had a drop too much to drink.
Come into the room.
His title to fame.
The stick does not bend.
The boxer was a magnificent fighting machine.
Stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it.
I feel that he doesn't like me.
The Welsh government claims that Cardiff is Europe's youngest capital.
These terms were used with a vagueness that suggested little or no thought about what each might convey.
My neighborhood voted for Bush.
How should I take this message?
The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time.
She didn't leave until midnight.
"Our shop was on the fourth story of the building, so we had to install an elevator."
"As there was a lot of damage, we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch."
Work one's muscles.
She's got a perfect smile.
He put all his efforts into this job.
He thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time.
Close up an umbrella.
The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been.
They always sat on the right side of the church.
If you were in my place what would you do?
Will online dictionaries ever supplant paper dictionaries?
We'll get them!
This computer will connect well to the network.
A congregation is a vehicle of group identity.
He wants to reconstruct the original text.
The table was covered with a film of dust.
Place a phone call.
Can you play on this old recorder?
The area of a rectangle.
Remember me in your prayers.
The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs.
The population of New Jersey will not stand for this!
The plundering of the Parthenon.
"After careful reflection, I have decided not to vote for that proposition."
"If you don't give me a reason to go with you, I won't."
The alchemists sought to transform lead into gold.
The literacy rate.
An obituary notice.
These bonds carry warrants.
The hired hand fixed the railing.
A washing line.
The throat of a chimney.
It is not known who created this piece.
Life depends on many chemical and physical processes.
Open a window and let in some air.
Don't give the child this tough meat.
How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric?
We're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling.
A component or constituent element of a system.
We'll have to shift these boxes to the downtown office.
He built the house on land leased from the city.
Pipe a tune.
He celebrated after the sale of company.
A crop circle was made in a corn field.
He's a sorry excuse of a doctor.
We went there by foot because we could not afford a taxi.
The wire has an extension of 50 feet.
Call a football game.
A psychological profile of serial killers.
The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail.
Do you know the date of the wedding?
Play the stock market.
It is part of the fabric of society.
He hit the ball to deep center.
He is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father.
Pack the books into the boxes.
He never worked because he inherited a lot of money.
She got a run in her stocking.
The house is in order.
Please rearrange these files.
A distant third.
Fly a kite.
I don't see the situation quite as negatively as you do.
The rate of unemployment is an indicator of the health of an economy.
Draw parallels.
Let's crash the party!
I used to take The Sunday Times.
She called it a day and went to bed.
Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies.
"You can use paper krona (i.e., bills, banknotes)."
To fall a tree.
She made the boy brush his teeth every night.
Make the bed.
The gun was steadied on a special rest.
I shall be writing to you soon.
The assembly line was on a 12-hour run.
I know it's time.
They are the progressive wing of the Republican Party.
Head the fish.
Interest rates run from 5 to 10 percent.
Purge the water.
Port a rifle.
The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead.
Charges of opposite sign.
The horse was tough to break.
There is no use for your invention.
There was a grain of truth in what he said.
Where do these books go?
A bad reaction to the medicine.
The gravitation between two bodies is proportional to the product of their masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance between them.
Reseat Carnegie Hall.
People are dying of starvation all over the world.
The house is in order.
To blow a horse.
"C. 1925: Come, force the gates with crowbars, prise them apart! -- Jack Lindsay, translation of Lysistrata."
"Fix breakfast for the guests, please."
Turn the clay on the wheel.
"10.5 (""ten point five""; = ten and a half)."
Give thought to.
Snap a football.
Give your home a facelift.
Nothing good will come of this.
Stay alone.
Pound the roots with a heavy flat stone.
The rumor had its origin in idle gossip.
You have to shift when you go down a steep hill.
Rectify a curve.
He made it the law of the land.
You must carry your camping gear.
An armed guard sat in the box with the driver.
Return to your native land.
Flatten a road.
To approach the city.
Have an assistant.
Par for this course is 72.
He can hold his liquor.
Develop the rook.
The English language.
He blamed his slip on the ice.
A multinational operation.
You're going to have to pull harder to get that cork out of the bottle.
That store offers a variety of products.
The bill shed 50 pages of pork-barrel addons.
The rate of production at the factory is skyrocketing.
"At the start of their turn, each player must draw a card."
Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind.
I've got to go to the head.
"The most moving scene is the final one, where he realizes he has wasted his whole life."
To advance the ripening of fruit.
Pulp fruit.
Turn the dial to 10.
A block of stone.
Business is good today.
Fix a race.
War was declared in November but actual fighting did not begin until the following spring.
A formation of planes.
He went to law school out of respect for his father's wishes.
The two streets connect to become a highway.
Twigs break off of those branches easily.
Go about the world in a certain manner.
If you cut then I'll deal.
An invasion of bees.
We can not admit non-members into our club building.
Open to attack by the elements.
Please tell me how to do it.
Strike a medal.
She kept a firm hold on the railing.
I shall be writing to you soon.
He heard the phone ringing but didn't want to take the call.
I shall be writing to you soon.
See a movie.
The difference in her is amazing.
Let's race and see who gets there first.
Draw a conclusion.
The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text.
Good extension comes from a combination of training and native ability.
The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time. He is not living at home because he is doing time.
The misery and wretchedness of those slums is intolerable.
There was a note of uncertainty in his voice.
The patient was bleeding on the right side.
Keep food for a week in the pantry.
Beat one's breast.
He gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president.
A thread of smoke climbed upward.
I could hear the breath of the runner behind me.
The body lay in a pool of blood.
His love for his work.
What position does he play?
Her former friends now avoid her.
The Union action of emancipating Southern slaves.
These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge.
Check the brakes.
Drop me a line when you get there.
The hollow of the hand or of a tree.
This method doesn't work.
You'll see a lot of cheating in this school.
Answer the door.
He's not expected to live for more than a few months.
Take a left at the corner.
The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens.
The boat beat in the strong wind.
She was tempted to treat the whole affair as a joke.
He is out of action.
They are having a clearance sale: 50% off.
Kill a motion.
A tendency to be too strict.
I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang.
"Make love, not war."
The Academy of Music.
It was a case of bad judgment.
They attacked the enemy's line.
She played Chopin for her opener.
A bark feeder.
The events left a permanent impression in his mind.
Can you advance me some money?
I will check up on the car tomorrow.
Enter an agreement.
It is beyond the horizon of present knowledge.
They measured the station's signal strength.
There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm.
My computer is too old to run the new OS.
She had heard her fill of gossip.
It worked up to right now.
An explosion of a low order of magnitude.
Get a life.
The world's foremost authority on orangutans.
I want to see results.
The French doors admit onto the yard.
Bear news.
There was a saving of 50 cents.
Make a phone call.
Dig the oars into the water.
The room was a mess because he hadn't expected company.
Let's go this way for a while.
The clone was a copy of its ancestor.
Armored from head to foot.
The price is in the neighborhood of $100.
We have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus.
Her favorite subject is physics.
A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks.
He had to clean up the leak.
I carry her image in my mind's eye.
He lost his place on the page.
This job doesn't match my dreams.
This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us.
He wanted to feel a part of something bigger than himself.
A good review by this critic will make your play!
Play sports.
He is blind -- he can not see.
A lot of people are out of work.
Rig an election.
The language introduced is standard throughout the text.
Booze will be the finish of him.
Deal a blow to someone.
A unit of wheat is a bushel.
Insure the safety of the children.
The sheets feel soft.
It was caused by an improbable concatenation of circumstances.
Does she pay you for the work you are doing?
I can breathe better when the air is clean.
Open the door a crack.
We do business all over the world.
Declare dividends.
Raise my salary.
Make one's way into the forest.
A financial crunch.
The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets.
Doesn't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny?
The drums beat all night.
He was elected to a seat in the Senate.
Answer the door.
She could not cut the long days in the office.
Files with a red tab will be stored separately.
She didn't get his name when they met the first time.
The cooling touch of the night air.
You have to shift when you go down a steep hill.
I will work hard to improve my grades.
"The car is so dirty, we need to wash it."
Can you shed light on this problem?
What will you do this afternoon?
There were allegations of the withholding of evidence.
Use the plastic bags to store the food.
Family members had been buried in the vault for centuries.
He got life for killing the guard.
My boss dumped a whole mess of projects on my desk today.
Strengthen the relations between the two countries.
The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies.
"""He presided over the economy during the period of the greatest stress and danger"" -- R.J.Samuelson."
The washing machine won't go unless it's plugged in.
A growing realization of the risk involved.
Anne Boleyn placed her head on the block and awaited her execution.
The name Czanne is written with an acute accent.
See you another time.
To arouse anger.
He was elected to a seat in the Senate.
Refine paper stock.
He was famous for his facility as an archer.
It was just smoke and mirrors.
To move in a matter.
He borrowed a large sum.
Out of respect for his privacy.
Gather some stones.
I take it you're not going?
Did you catch a cold?
The patient was bleeding on the right side.
Raise a smile.
He gave it up as a bad job.
Is the direction of the economy a function of government?
Pull a bank robbery.
Break into tears.
He wore a condom over his dick.
He managed to wash out the stains.
There was a dip in the road.
A sense of self.
We were just waiting for someone to take the lead.
He was here for a little while.
He has a happy disposition.
They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded.
Hang a door.
That's three times he's made the same mistake.
A girl's education was less important than a boy's.
When the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly.
The houseguests had to camp in the living room.
She enjoyed her brief taste of independence.
He observed a regular lunchtime.
Will $100 do?
The house gave me a feeling of dread.
The dictionary's coverage of standard English is excellent.
You have to spend money to make money!
Cut a ticket.
A body of law.
Capture the essence of Spring.
Time stops for nobody.
Will you trade your precious watch for my earring?
Is there a need to translate the psychiatrist's remarks?
The slow development of her skill as a writer.
Extend the casserole with a little rice.
You really have to empathize.
I can see what will happen.
These stories don't check!
She refused to give them her Social Security number.
Sugar loaf.
The thick branches overhanging the path made progress difficult.
He grew up in a good Christian home.
Please reply to my letter.
They're just country folk.
Keep going in the same direction.
A lot of people are out of work.
Carry the suitcases to the car.
It vanished into the night.
He had a kidney transplant.
The duties of citizenship are lost sight of in the wilderness of interests of individuals and groups.
They found the body in the lake.
No one wanted to play end.
Extend a loan.
My jacket needs a wash.
I'll save you the trouble.
How fast does your new car go?
The role of women has changed significantly in the last century.
This play is going to ruffle some people.
$50 won't even purchase a dress.
What will you give her for her birthday?
We ferment the grapes for a very long time to achieve high alcohol content.
They were in the eye of the storm.
This led to an unfortunate chain of events.
Can you live on $2000 a month in New York City?
They were sitting by the water's edge.
Draw a conclusion.
I apply this rule to get good results.
Can you stand the bookshelf up?
My son went to Berkeley to find himself.
"The feeling is difficult to describe, but not unpleasant."
Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet.
Pull the oars.
Education is the door to success.
It was about 500 square feet in area.
He's a meticulous dresser.
We've got to sell a lot of product by the end of the month.
I gather from Aunty May that you had a good day at the match.
Straighten hair.
How it got out is a mystery.
"Should we classify ""make up"" as an idiom or as a phrasal verb?"
You have to be a good observer to see all the details.
The dog barked at his own reflection in the mirror.
The company agrees to meet the cost of any repairs.
The French doors admit onto the yard.
I love beer but I know it is bad for you.
Put these words to music.
Can you unravel the mystery?
Stuff a pillow with feathers.
It was all done in play.
This piano has a wonderful touch.
Wharf the passengers.
The despite in which outsiders were held is legendary.
I always stretch my muscles before exercising.
There is a narrow line between sanity and insanity.
Snap your fingers.
The only girl who would have him was the miller's daughter.
Syngman Rhee kept imprisoned the Dowager Queen Yun Empress Sunjeong of the Korean Empire for fear of the respect the people held for her.
Charge the wagon with hay.
Analyze a chemical compound.
Start from the bottom and work towards the top.
Cut class.
When is your baby due?
I drive to work every day.
The floor of the pelvis.
In an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized.
The succession of flashing lights gave an illusion of movement.
Who cast this beautiful movie?
The only girl who would have him was the miller's daughter.
They accused the paper of biased coverage of race relations.
The base of the triangle.
Take the elevator and get off at the promenade level.
His novels always have a lot of action.
Treat an oil spill.
She can hold an audience spellbound.
He used a large book as a doorstop.
"Here I stand, wondering what to do next."
"To send a message, or a letter."
Raise a smile.
I need to charge my car battery.
The photo is a little dark in that area.
How nice to see you again!
Certain insects are said to blow.
Lack of clarity on the part of the teacher will cause confusion among the students.
"To counterfeit the signature of another, coins, notes, etc."
The immigrants spoke an odd dialect of English.
We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater.
The oceans are teeming with life.
I'll take the blue plates.
She was famous as an interpreter of Shakespearean roles.
Throw accusations at someone.
He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted.
Pull the tab to open the can.
"Yet Butler professes to stick to plain facts, not to sophisticate, not to refine. -- M. Arnold."
"Georgie Fame plays all types of keyboards including electric piano, organ, and Hammond organ."
Butchers often use machines to mince meat.
The timing and control of his movements were unimpaired.
Origin in sensation.
We had sex in the back seat.
We do business all over the world.
That sad movie always makes me cry.
He followed the deer's slot over the soft turf to the edge of the trees.
Cover your head!
Can you connect the two loudspeakers?
The seat of these trousers is almost worn through.
The lioness was a mother of four cubs.
You should consult the dictionary.
He shivered from the cold.
The ship made its run in record time.
I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments.
The appointment had to be approved by the whole committee.
We could always call on a friend.
Have a lover.
Give one's opinion.
Raise hell.
Give me a hand with the chores.
Play a hooked fish.
Cover the grave with flowers.
He stepped into the light.
Did you catch a cold?
View a show on television.
What do you get when you add up these numbers?
Go about the world in a certain manner.
"The story is false, so far as I can discover."
He hit a home run.
The preachers and the bootleggers found they had a community of interests.
"Suddenly, in the crowd, I felt a touch at my shoulder."
Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road.
Where do you keep your gardening tools?
Coordinate our efforts.
The pull of the moon.
They hope to make a bigger profit.
I gave the waiter my order.
Softness is not something permitted of good leaders.
Gather the close family members.
He had to appear in court last month.
The boys were playing kickball in the mud.
The meaning of life.
Has a happy lot.
Their assumption of his guilt disqualified them from jury duty.
Draw a wagon.
Before they publish any book they try to determine the size of the market for it.
Negotiations ran into a brick wall.
He drew a heart and called it a valentine.
One swallow does not a summer make.
The rear part of the house.
When was the last time we went out? I don't remember.
The containment of the rebellion.
Only the top side of the box was painted.
Let's save the packaging in case we need to send the product back.
The children were playing house.
"What is the origin of the outwardness of our sensations of sound, smell, or taste."
Check the spelling of this word.
What will you give her for her birthday?
The thrust of the jet engines.
The washing machine won't go unless it's plugged in.
It was a case of bad judgment.
The improbability of such rare coincidences.
The whole room was cheering.
I shall be writing to you soon.
Poison the atmosphere in the office.
Do you take me for a fool?
Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies.
A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality.
"Penny was in the scullery, pressing the body of her new dress."
What did you get at the toy store?
Fire a bullet.
There are certain states where it is lawful to execute prisoners convicted of certain crimes.
Would you please cut the cake?
To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler.
Give a course.
It's been an age since we last saw you.
A cartilaginous style.
I'll post the news on the bulletin board.
He put all his efforts into this job.
Roll your hair around your finger.
The sudden apparition of the Spaniards. -- William H. Prescott.
His sour breath offended her.
They come from a faraway land.
The beer had a large head of foam.
Melons come from a vine.
Don't go outside wearing just a t-shirt; you'll freeze!
We're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling.
Every dog has his day.
The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home.
The sale will run for ten days.
Put the flag back in the cup.
The enemy offered little resistance.
Pay a debt.
How much do you make a month in your new job?
To wander over the fields.
He volunteered to taste her latest concoction.
They climbed the north face of the mountain.
(The believers ... those ...) who abstain from sex.
The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring.
Irritate the glands of a leaf.
There was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water.
Call a football game.
Fall prey to an imposter.
Can I buy you a drink?
Please follow the guide through the museum.
Ceramic can be used to insulate power lines.
I know Latin.
He got out of line.
Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack.
His voice had an edge to it.
The piano had a very stiff action.
Can I give you the children for the weekend?
Raise Cain.
You need to get permission to leave early.
Tip the screen upward.
The time of year for planting.
The renowned director could translate experience to film with ease.
Drive the forest.
Does your husband know how to cook?
Throw the car into reverse.
The flock of birds took to the air.
She has a lot of class.
The offensive linemen tried to block the blitz.
He occupied a post in the treasury.
The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow.
The judge tried both father and son in separate trials.
She has a feel for music.
The child's breath came quickly and unevenly.
"US date: 05/24/08 = Tuesday, May 24th, 2008. UK date: 24/05/08 = Tuesday 24th May 2008."
How much does this savings certificate pay annually?
She will field questions immediately after her presentation.
Pull a bank robbery.
Her fringe is so long it covers her eyes.
Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing.
A good ear for pitch.
Slices of hard-boiled egg on a bed of spinach.
He heard the phone ringing but didn't want to take the call.
He examined the child's head for vermin.
Armored from head to foot.
I have two years left.
What do you get when you add up these numbers?
His gross income was enough that he had to file a tax return.
This table would serve very well.
The face of the city is changing.
"The ""war on drugs"" is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs."
A mountain pass.
Life has lost its point.
The system consists of a motor and a small computer.
He felt as if his whole body were on fire.
The bite of satire.
Can you follow her argument?
To admit a serious thought into the mind.
Work the raisins into the dough.
I'm afflicted by worry throughout the night.
I'll store these books in the attic.
Such odd-shaped items do not pack well.
Her former friends now avoid her.
He's always stuffing his gob with fast food.
He said that architecture is the art of wasting space beautifully.
I will purchase the vacation package if you will include car rental.
Potatoes bake to a crisp.
Drift the cattle herds westwards.
I'll take three salmon steaks.
The unlawful restraint of trade.
Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind.
Simply an identity element if both are true.
Has a large repertory of dialects and characters.
The houseguests had to camp in the living room.
Clean grain before milling it.
Develop a market for the new mobile phone.
Common sense is not so common.
How much do you charge for lunch?
It brought the scandal to light.
A deal of trouble.
A good shot requires good balance and tempo.
Stick the photo onto the corkboard.
We breakfast at seven.
There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field.
Does my policy cover accidental loss?
Earthquakes originate far below the surface.
A leak in a gas pipe.
A keen musical sense.
I shall be writing to you soon.
Raise a smile.
A patch of clouds.
We can not trust anyone who deceives us.
To crack a whip.
He slammed the door as he left.
"""Can he reach?"" ""The chair must not touch the wall."""
Which horse are you backing in this race?
His victory is a certainty.
Waste heat.
What do whales eat?
He reserved a large block of seats.
Dog is a hyponym of animal.
I fail to understand your motives.
Recuperate one's losses.
Raise a mutiny.
From noon till night.
He's a master of the business deal.
Dig salt.
At what time does your train leave?
The trunk was full of stuff.
Put down 5 and carry 2.
I feel that we need to try harder.
He was arrested on a charge of larceny.
Women carrying home shopping didn't give me a second glance.
He wanted to live his own life without interference from others.
The grandfather clock beat midnight.
Which side of the tray shall I put it on?
He has a hold over them.
Shift the emphasis.
He's guilty of murder -- he's going to fry.
We had to cut short the conversation.
This computer will connect well to the network.
He was a member of a special police unit.
The swiftest of foot.
He failed to get the Black vote.
Draw a card.
I shall be writing to you soon.
Cover the grave with flowers.
The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale.
I can't use this tool.
It was stuff I had heard before.
He bought a hot dog and a coke at the bar.
I would like to introduce you to our portfolio of services.
His claim on her attentions.
She didn't leave until midnight.
These colors clash.
It all happened in the space of 10 minutes.
They came together in a chance meeting on the way home from work.
Play sports.
It was a heavy play and the actors tried in vain to give life to it.
She's a kid. It's normal for her to have imaginary friends.
The French doors give onto a terrace.
Could you develop the ideas in your thesis.
They polled their membership.
A notice of sale.
The death of my grandmother saddened the whole family.
The bedrooms open into the hall.
We hope you never have to suffer the same pain.
In a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface.
He opened the window a crack.
They sat by the fire and talked.
He ducked under the nose of the gun.
What was the date of submission of your proposal?
Keep notes.
"""Can he reach?"" ""The chair must not touch the wall."""
Convert all the measurements to metric units.
He offered a persuasive defense of the theory.
Prepare a speech.
Run a risk.
I can't follow your line of reasoning.
He could not touch the meaning of the poem.
I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock.
He doesn't care about how / whether she comes.
Don't behave like a fool.
The wine has a nutty flavor and a pleasant finish.
The plane's operation in high winds.
The integrity of the nervous system is required for normal development.
Prepare a report.
A figure of $17 was suggested.
What do we have here?
He had a pain in his side.
A sense of happiness.
You'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that.
A beggar's masquerade of wealth.
There is a tension between these approaches to understanding history.
Why the sad face?
The patient was bleeding on the right side.
Cigarettes kill.
"It started to dawn, and we had to get up."
Extend the loan.
I will work hard to improve my grades.
She seems to avoid much in the way of recognition or acknowledgement of feminist work prior to her own.
The patient must drink several liters each day.
I used to play with trucks as a little girl.
That's three times he's made the same mistake.
He used a piece of tape for a belt.
Can you play on this old recorder?
This computer will connect well to the network.
We love to ski the Rockies.
She got a run in her stocking.
The line stretched clear around the corner.
An oil-in-water emulsion.
"The ""war on drugs"" is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs."
"Penny was in the scullery, pressing the body of her new dress."
Catch one's breath.
The horse will run the Preakness next year.
Cut grain.
He placed a phone call to London.
Replace the book on the shelf after you have finished reading it.
There was a certain woodenness in his replies.
In the year 1920.
Make a mistake.
He didn't make the choir after his voice changed.
How much furniture did they leave behind?
A nice line of shoes.
Give an excuse.
God's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners.
Guard against infection.
Hold your tongue.
Baby rabbits.
This dough does not work easily.
Grade A milk.
Treat the lawn with chemicals.
It brought the scandal to light.
Introduce a rule.
He was in the employ of the city.
We must strike the enemy's oil fields.
While there's life there's hope.
She can hold an audience spellbound.
A training session.
The court is now in session.
Blow on the soup to cool it down.
Having people round for dinner was always quite an occasion at our house.
Draw a weapon.
Orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness.
These bonds carry warrants.
His claim to the property has come under question.
To render Latin into English.
What makes her do this way?
"For English, a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases, the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters."
Hold a reception.
Play games.
They served beer on draft.
He placed a phone call to London.
I can not bear his constant criticism.
The chef tasted the sauce with great satisfaction.
Run a new program on the Mac.
Likes a drink before dinner.
Ream oranges.
I can not keep track of all my employees.
They admired his performance under stress.
It is the usual practice of employees there to wear neckties only when meeting with customers.
The film is set in Africa.
She didn't touch her food all night.
The strong man could turn an iron bar.
Coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues.
To admit a serious thought into the mind.
The chef prepared to whisk the egg whites for the angel's food cake.
These stories don't check!
I will run the sample.
Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor.
I'll give you three books for four CDs.
The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies.
In the common interest.
My cold is gone -- I feel fine today.
After that day she never trusted him again.
We don't allow people to come into our plant and try to unionize the workers.
These bonds carry warrants.
How many books did Georges Simenon write?
Find the product of two numbers.
Don't fight it!
The Union action of emancipating Southern slaves.
An idea is not a unit that can be moved from one brain to another.
Convert lead into gold.
My jacket needs a wash.
A chain of mountains.
I don't like the look of the new design.
He played with his rubber ball in the bathtub.
Dew dripped from the face of the leaf.
He visited during my absence.
The battery had a short life.
This economic measure doesn't even begin to deal with the problem of inflation.
Do you want to work after the age of 60?
I mean to go to Baddeck this summer.
To raise your walking stick to defend yourself.
A lady doctor.
He had a drop too much to drink.
"She wants to act Lady Macbeth, but she is too young for the role."
What is the point of discussing it?
The family's fortune waned and they could not keep their household staff.
They climbed the north face of the mountain.
Drive a car or bus.
She may not make the grade.
You really have to empathize.
I can see a risk in this strategy.
I have two sisters.
The saw buckled when it hit a knot.
A four-month stay in bankruptcy court.
Close up an umbrella.
Develop a market for the new mobile phone.
Leave the young fawn alone.
The cooling touch of the night air.
There will be a charge of five dollars.
Fall into a trap.
Exercise gave him a good stomach for dinner.
He got out of line.
He cast a spell to cure warts.
Beat the cream.
Check into the rumor.
He's come a long way.
Answer the telephone.
He walked to the front of the stage.
We simply could not start the engine.
The song of the wind.
Run amok.
To snap a whip.
In the year 1920.
The King used to hunt these forests.
Strike coins.
He didn't make the choir after his voice changed.
This may land you in jail.
To fall a tree.
To fall off a point.
Turn the corner.
He dropped the logs on the ground.
Air pollution.
She tends to make a big production out of nothing.
Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end.
To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler.
How did your interview go?
The present ministry of the Holy Spirit.
Stir the soil.
Build a reputation.
The emission of heat from a fire.
You'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that.
She liked to spread butter on her toast while it was still hot.
I back you all the way.
The world's foremost authority on orangutans.
A litany of failures.
She had a feeling of euphoria.
He was hospitalized for extreme fatigue.
They proposed a new direction for the firm.
I apply this rule to get good results.
Enter a drug treatment program.
The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle.
Fall into a strange way of thinking.
Truck fresh vegetables across the mountains.
This box won't take all the items.
The second movement is slow and melodic.
The program was on the air from 9 til midnight.
To toy with a piece of food on one's plate.
The thread wouldn't go through the eye.
"Come on guys, let's move: there's work to do!"
I try to avoid the company of gamblers.
Will you pay cash or charge the purchase?
He used pliers to work the wire into shape.
Unemployment is a serious social evil.
The foot of the list.
"Apologizing for losing your temper, even though you were badly provoked, showed real class."
200 head of cattle.
The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain.
His body was in rebellion against fatigue.
Let's gather in the dining room.
Mount an attack.
I took the noon flight to Chicago.
To lay a tax on land.
The motor was out of commission.
The salesman's call on a customer.
It was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip.
He condemned religious sectarianism.
"In this reaction, the acid and base will neutralize each other, producing a salt."
We visited a farm where they raise chickens.
We hit Detroit at one in the morning but kept driving through the night.
We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba.
Can we finance the addition to our home?
She may not make the grade.
Cover your head!
I wouldn't touch her with a ten-foot pole.
How much do you make a month in your new job?
A set of golf clubs.
Receive payment.
We spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent.
He has an artist's eye.
The lawyer questioned the truth of my account.
The baby was a boy.
"The hillside behind our house isn't generally much to look at, but once all the trees turn it's gorgeous."
The French doors admit onto the yard.
Book fair.
The child won everyone's heart.
Back into the driveway.
He has the authority to issue warrants.
It all happened in the space of 10 minutes.
This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go.
Can the child dress by herself?
A lazy bum.
He lived on a worldly plane.
Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers.
"Please, help!"
A round of pleasures.
$50 won't even purchase a dress.
We could always call on a friend.
We'll get them!
Dogs should be kept under restraint.
The course of the river.
Practice makes perfect.
A set of golf clubs.
A nice line of shoes.
Pat and Leslie's marriage to each other lasted forty years.
They hope to make a bigger profit.
They serve a restricted role on the bench.
He bought his brother's business.
He wants to reconstruct the original text.
Roughcast a wall.
We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago.
Drill a hole into the wall.
Fall asleep.
He tried to catch her eye.
Most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS.
Restore law and order.
We had to stand for the entire performance!
All you ever think about is sex.
Refine oil.
They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend.
A bald spot.
The film is set in Africa.
Trade fair.
Come out of the closet!
The institution of slavery.
The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end.
"Ready, set, go!"
Spokes radiate from the hub of the wheel.
Have a feeling.
I can not find my gloves!
A master of the violin.
"I like the way he plays the guitar, but I can't tolerate his voice when he sings."
He is remembered for his generosity and civilization.
The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant.
The edge of the leaf is wavy.
Give him a hand.
The fire spared the forest floor.
I could feel the runner's breath on my shoulder.
The car pulled off onto the shoulder.
Respect my authority!
A force out was recorded on the scorecard.
The class of 1982 was particularly noteworthy.
Stream of consciousness.
Can I keep my old stuffed animals?
The face of this company.
She cut the deck for a long time.
"This product of last month's quality standards committee is quite good, even though the process was flawed."
I know it's time.
It's become a habit of mine to have a cup of coffee after dinner.
I suspect he is a fugitive.
Raise a shout.
I still owe for the car.
Implement a procedure.
If you hurry you'll catch the post.
Civilization presupposes respect for the law.
To step to one of the neighbors.
"The path of a meteor, of a caravan, or of a storm."
I bought this top as it matches my jeans.
They applied for an extension of the loan.
Paul made a cheerful laugh.
Drive a car or bus.
I can't use this tool.
I could see the roof of the bear's mouth.
We must acknowledge the kindness she showed towards us.
Would you please cut the cake?
In English the subject and the verb must agree in number.
To add numbers.
Answer the telephone.
Had difficulty walking.
When the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly.
Come out of the closet!
Remember me in your prayers.
I can not work a miracle.
She brings a wealth of knowledge to the project.
The crowd had to run away from the burning structure with only the clothes on their backs.
IBM received an order for a hundred computers.
A briar patch.
How does this song go again?
I had a brush with danger on my way to work.
Turn a key.
Snap your fingers.
He was a great actor in his time.
Make a wall of stones.
She doesn't test well.
We had to dress quickly.
He went out to have a look.
To say the same thing in other terms.
Shake the salt out of the salt shaker.
The annual report has been my baby since September.
They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded.
The people concerned have a deficit in verbal memory.
The alchemists sought to transform lead into gold.
Charm is his most endearing property.
Take sick.
When that became known the price of their stock went into free fall.
"Confidence is always borrowed, never owned."
Toe the line.
It is time to go.
He threw a rock at me.
Take time to smell the roses.
What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor?
Please tell me how to do it.
I didn't hold a good hand all evening.
Those clouds show little sign of raining soon.
If you persist in that course you will surely fail.
We were just waiting for someone to take the lead.
The insurance won't cover this.
Roll a cigarette.
The car's finish was so shiny and new.
Hold these truths to be self-evident.
Shoot craps.
Did you catch that allusion?
The baby was a boy.
Please strike this remark from the record.
Approach a new project.
A stretch of clear water.
Raise a shout.
Strike a balance.
Work stone into tools.
"I'm convinced that there was a presence in that building that I can't explain, which led to my heroic actions."
His absence is the hinge of our plan.
Use your common sense.
Come out of the closet!
A grain of salt.
To drive sheep out of a field.
He read the warning in the doctor's surgery.
Such odd-shaped items do not pack well.
"I made many mistakes in my youth, but learned from them all."
Block an attack.
Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree?
The newspaper is featuring a competition to win a car.
To allow a servant his liberty.
I'll probably see you at the meeting.
Grmata maks piecas kronas -- the book costs five krona.
An outfitter provided everything needed for the safari.
They got an early start.
Make merry.
Can you see the bird in that tree?
Potato peeler.
A chain of mountains.
I try to avoid the company of gamblers.
"Unremitting pursuit of wealth doesn't bring happiness, particularly if successful."
I work at night and sleep during the day.
Break cigarette smoking.
The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time.
The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it.
"As there was a lot of damage, we chose the heavy roller to flatten the pitch."
The weakness of the dollar against the yen.
The cup of her bra.
"To raise a wall, or a heap of stones."
Adultery is often cited as grounds for divorce.
I can count my colleagues in the opposition.
The flight to Paris leaves at 7 o'clock tonight.
The government's weekly bite from my paycheck.
Drop a hint.
Follow the trail.
Water is the element of fishes.
Brigitte Bardot was a renowned beauty.
His state of health.
She had a habit twirling the ends of her hair.
It was an excellent kick but the ball hit the bar.
He managed it on a shoestring.
Can you give me lessons?
"I've practiced the piano off and on, and I still can't play very well."
I was hoping for a yes.
Can you follow her argument?
"Don't bother bringing equipment, as we will provide it."
The course was less than a mile.
Your mother is a right pain.
I can not bear his constant criticism.
Shorts that ride up.
We drive the turnpike to work.
Drive a golf ball.
Make way for.
Now I see!
We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight.
He's in the nick.
He believed all the Marxist dogma.
Leach the soil.
Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth.
"During the Inquisition, the torturers would stretch their victims on a rack."
Crime doesn't pay.
Your choice of colors was unfortunate.
I want to see whether she speaks French.
Break into tears.
One foot of the chair was on the carpet.
The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold.
The soccer player began to swing at the referee.
We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem.
Both companies will retain control over the commercialization of their own products.
He was fighting to his last breath.
19th century thought.
He was a successful pianist in his day.
Make clay into bricks.
The young prince will soon occupy the throne.
Mount a theater production.
His display of foulness deserved severe punishment.
"Can you tell whether those flowers are real or silk, from this distance?"
This cartridge has a powder charge of 50 grains.
The written part of the exam.
How many cars does she have?
"This wood has the ability to fight off insects, fungus, and mold for a considerable time."
It was his rule to take a walk before breakfast.
"This product of last month's quality standards committee is quite good, even though the process was flawed."
I used to play with trucks as a little girl.
A body of law.
The taproot of his resentment.
We thought we would win but only ended up in fourth place.
They are accused of conspiring to constrain trade.
The thermometer hit 100 degrees.
The children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests.
This is the one I ordered.
First you have to cut off the water.
Pack the books into the boxes.
The plains lay just beyond the mountain range.
We only use Spanish at home.
Make an estimate.
Don't catch your meaning.
The ship went aground in the channel.
Cut a ticket.
To start a stream of water.
Give a divorce.
You can level the table by turning the pads that screw into the feet.
He just did it for effect.
Undergo a strange sensation.
A book about a time machine that can transport people back into the past.
He took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly.
Pull your knees towards your chin.
Don't trust my ex-wife.
The lighted ribbon of traffic.
She didn't appreciate my humor.
"1919: I think he must have been trying to prise open that box yonder when he was attacked. -- Sax Rohmer, The Quest of the Sacred Slipper."
A chain of mountains.
I take aspirin every day to thin my blood.
The grip of a sword.
"After the burly macho nudists' polar bear dip, their tails were spectacularly shrunk, so they looked like an immature kid's innocent tail."
You need to learn to be more tolerant of difference.
The weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed.
The recipe calls for half a stick of butter.
Fall prey to an imposter.
Thanks to that quack I am a human wreck.
Set a record.
I mean no harm.
The French try to sell us their image as great lovers.
He wanted a shot at the champion.
The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been.
Point a chimney.
Vermont will open elk hunting season next week.
Leave the room.
The Earth turns.
Pick a fight or a quarrel.
Piecas kronas -- five krona.
A mess of porridge.
The battle began with a cavalry charge.
The foot of the list.
I arranged a date with my Australian business partners.
"He showed me the river of living water, sparkling like crystal, flowing from the throne of God."
Analyze a sentence.
He had a time holding back the tears.
Remember to tip the waiter.
Can you help me carry this table?
I approve of his educational policies.
He was arrested on a charge of larceny.
Beat on the door.
He had a bit of good luck.
When I last tried to eat strawberries I had a terrible allergic reaction.
She has two bachelor's degrees and is studying towards a master's degree.
Rise to a challenge.
The thermometer hit 100 degrees.
I always stretch my muscles before exercising.
I feel I hardly know him; I just wish he'd communicate with me a little more.
Let's get down to work now.
A drop of each sample was analyzed.
He stepped into the light.
Home is where the heart is.
They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend.
Go to the supermarket and buy some tea.
He studied the score of the sonata.
A comedy series.
Foil your opponent.
Do you communicate well with your advisor?
My headache has no connection with me going out last night.
Lift an embargo.
Extend the casserole with a little rice.
The image of f(x) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers.
I gave him a bit of my mind.
There is no better time than now.
The range and variety of his work is amazing.
I have some free time tonight so I think I'll catch a movie.
They serve a restricted role on the bench.
Catch one's breath.
They tried to stop the escape of gas from the damaged pipe.
That laboratory researches topics at the forefront of technology.
I can feel the sadness in his poems.
They resisted every effort on his part.
We're planning to camp in the field until Sunday.
His treatment of the race question is badly biased.
The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia.
Let's say you had a lot of money -- what would you do?
Be careful when you pet that dog on the head; it may bite.
The village fool threw his own shoes down the well.
The move into my fianc's house took two long days.
This man can't fit himself into our work environment.
I had to break a $100 bill just to buy the candy.
He left school before the end of term.
Matters came to a head yesterday.
A remarkable degree of frankness.
Can you remember her phone number?
I want to know who is winning the game!
She has a heart of gold.
Run a temperature.
The hills around here fall towards the ocean.
To admit evidence in the trial of a cause.
The change of government had no impact on the economy.
It will pay to wait.
"At the start of their turn, each player must draw a card."
The death of my grandmother saddened the whole family.
You must carry your camping gear.
His parting shot was 'drop dead'.
He can have the run of the house.
Beat the subway fare.
There but for the grace of God go I.
Lift a ban.
There is no better time than now.
He was a great actor in his time.
She was opening her post.
Strike a bargain.
They made a check of their equipment.
Their love left them indifferent to their surroundings.
He has a smooth line but I didn't fall for it.
Drink was his downfall.
Physicists study both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it.
The song of bullets was in the air.
He applied to the state for support.
The stock market reached a peak in September 1929.
Come into contact with a terrorist group.
"The ""war on drugs"" is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs."
Take a risk.
A friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there.
The country set.
A man of quality.
There are some who question the scale of our ambitions.
We visited a farm where they raise chickens.
Cut a hole.
The foot of the mountain.
The home crowd cheered when Princeton took the field.
Give a divorce.
The plane turned to make a second pass.
To snap a whip.
What will you give her for her birthday?
The whole of American literature.
The armies met in the shock of battle.
Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers.
They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded.
Pop the clutch.
I always carry money.
An interesting idea hit her.
Anthropologists do much of their work in the field.
The market was up at the finish.
The ship changed its course 15 degrees towards south.
Make a move.
To raise somebody to office.
We don't intermingle much.
They made a stopover to visit their friends.
Sign language.
I was born in the year 1950.
What does the law say?
Throw the car into reverse.
"The letters ""a"", ""n"" and ""d"" spell ""and""."
Can you help me carry this table?
Take steps.
Come down here!
Come into the room.
Turn on the spot.
Trace a design.
A high liver.
The flock of birds took to the air.
The beer had a large head of foam.
The two stories don't agree in many details.
Jogging works off my excess energy.
The rules forbid our smoking.
He has a sinister smile.
"He is an intellectual giant, and I have great respect for him."
You really have to empathize.
Start at the beginning and go on until you come to the end.
Dew dripped from the face of the leaf.
Clear the leaves from the lawn.
He's family.
He was sidelined with a hamstring pull.
Marriage was scarcely his dish.
A hard theory to put into practice.
Wear one's hair in a certain way.
The grant doesn't cover my salary.
Block the graphs so one can see the results clearly.
The language introduced is standard throughout the text.
The sale will run for ten days.
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses.
Can cause shortness of breath.
It was a miracle that he survived the drop from that height.
The return of spring.
I believe it's your deal.
I like jogging.
12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves.
Draw pulp from the fruit.
Run riot.
Scratch that remark.
He stuffed his mouth with candy.
"She couldn't hurt a fly, young slip of a girl that she is."
What do we have here?
Measures for the control of disease.
It is a center's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback.
She felt she had to get out of the house.
The south wall had a small window.
Our football team took a licking last night.
Peeling potatoes is a drag.
Come into contact with a terrorist group.
Drop him from the Republican ticket.
Let's play like I am mommy.
Keep appointments.
Please strike this remark from the record.
It sounds good but what's the catch?
I have to stop for a moment and catch my breath.
Cut a movie scene.
This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go.
They buried him in his best suit.
Crown my teeth.
Develop a passion for painting.
On weekends I play.
Who's got dibs on the chips?
Her red hat gave her outfit a splash of color.
There was too much play in the steering wheel.
She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly.
City kids get to see the country at a summer camp.
I take it you're not going?
I give you two minutes to respond.
I used to take The Sunday Times.
He came to a bad end.
The pirates hid their treasure on a small island in the West Indies.
We had a wonderful time at the party.
To lash something to a spar.
The pain of loneliness.
"Can you take this bag, please."
Put that light out!
Tears well in her eyes.
The boat beat in the strong wind.
The heart and soul of the Republican Party.
Float a ship.
Can you drive this four-wheel truck?
The tumult of the elements.
Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw.
Humans have 22 chromosome pairs plus two sex chromosomes.
Develop the rook.
Can I buy you a drink?
We take all major credit cards.
Shake one's head.
A system generating hydrogen peroxide.
Subjects received a small electric shock when they made the wrong response.
To strengthen authority.
The foot of the page.
His knowledge doesn't go very far.
Carry the suitcases to the car.
Loss of livestock left the rancher bankrupt.
Strike coins.
Don't forget to charge the drill.
The speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written.
Spiritual bankruptcy.
Competition was pushing them to the wall.
The enemy fire is increasing -- can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers?
They didn't have much in the way of clothing.
The frequency of modulation was 40 cycles per second.
Is there any news about the storm?
What makes her do this way?
We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories.
Her dress was so short you could nearly see her fanny.
You have to be a good observer to see all the details.
We carry a very large mortgage.
I want to get there early; let's roll.
We hit Detroit at one in the morning but kept driving through the night.
The ball hit the fence.
To raise somebody to office.
The Earth turns.
Halt in the name of the law.
The two streets connect to become a highway.
We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight.
Blaze a trail.
Your mother is a right pain.
How could you do such a thing?
Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales.
"To draw a memorial, a deed, or bill of exchange."
The second movement is slow and melodic.
Pay attention.
The house is in order.
He was surprised by the absence of any explanation.
A section of a fishing rod.
The train backed into the station.
He placed a phone call to London.
The police returned to the scene of the crime.
Show me where the business was today.
I'll execute your orders as soon as this meeting is adjourned.
This species of snake will only attack humans if it feels threatened.
Vermont will open elk hunting season next week.
The reporter fiddle with the facts.
He left school before the end of term.
I went to a lot of trouble.
A sense of self.
Great progress in the arts.
She made a funny.
Do research.
The floor of the pelvis.
Their quarterback was a good scrambler.
The sudden apparition of the Spaniards. -- William H. Prescott.
"When you hear his sermons, you will be able to believe, too."
Lie dormant.
12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves.
A hurl of abuse.
Every man is a fool in some man's opinion.
We only use Spanish at home.
Clothes make the man.
Stay after school.
Make a decision.
Come into contact with a terrorist group.
Turn the flour onto a plate.
The end of the year.
Load the camera.
It worked up to right now.
Roll a cigarette.
The cognitive operation of remembering.
There is a law against kidnapping.
The children were playing house.
I spend my pocket money in two days.
There was a brief encounter in the hallway.
The rules forbid smoking.
Ears open to catch every sound.
Stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress.
"To electrify a limb, or the body."
Why don't you call me in the morning?
"The car is so dirty, we need to wash it."
He washed his face.
Come into the room.
Now I see!
Magoon's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter.
She is in the right.
Those clouds show little sign of raining soon.
A component or constituent element of a system.
A ball of fire.
He awoke with a start.
Her friends organized a baby shower for her when she was expecting.
Set these words in italics.
The defensive platoon of the football team.
He was on the heavy side.
They are up to date.
Raise a sad cry.
The movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound.
There was a fire at the school last night and the whole place burned down.
Lift the box onto the table.
The set of prime numbers is infinite.
I feel that we need to try harder.
He is a quick study.
He drank a mixture of beer and lemonade.
To raise Sandy Hook light.
She read the sky and predicted rain.
Would male strippers be appropriate for the divorce shower?
Football tickets are expensive at fifty bucks a throw.
The opponent refused to strike.
"Now that we're all in agreement, we can put that issue to rest."
The connection between overeating and obesity.
Make a mistake.
The best poker players can tell if the opponents have a good hand by looking at their expression.
The sale will run for ten days.
Reduce a problem to a single question.
We stayed in Hawaii for a week.
Beat one's breast.
I'll meet you at the foot of the stairs.
Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth.
Can you count the books on your shelf?
Stay alone.
The soul of honor.
Men first stepped on the moon in 1969.
Detach a regiment.
To beam forth light.
Thugs beat him up when he walked down the street late at night.
He heard the phone ringing but didn't want to take the call.
Fall asleep.
In England they call a period a stop.
Pay an obligation.
This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go.
Contact with the pier scraped paint from the hull.
This project is his baby.
The assembly line was on a 12-hour run.
You'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that.
The change is due largely to the increased availability of antiretroviral treatment.
Don't make this into a big deal.
Police controlled the motion of the crowd.
Leave your child the nurse's care.
Keep food for a week in the pantry.
The flock of birds took to the air.
A congregation is a vehicle of group identity.
Block a plate for printing.
Dress the patient.
Stand the test of time.
You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice.
From the window he could catch a glimpse of the lake.
Come into the room.
There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms.
I beg your pardon. I didn't mean to cause offence.
The separation of wheat from chaff.
The break in the eighth frame cost him the match.
The machine is now in working order.
To call the roll of a military company.
Negociate securities.
We have a big barrel to catch the rainwater.
The head of the page.
The plant needs a firm anchorage.
Turn on the spot.
How much do you charge for lunch?
The opponent refused to strike.
The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain.
A chair is furniture. Sofas are also furniture.
You make me feel naked.
After the fire a still small voice. -- 1 Kings 19:12.
Chief of Staff is the second highest position in the army.
Renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales.
I want to tell a story.
Come down here!
Prove a will.
I will carry the secret to my grave.
When will the meeting be?
Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited.
It contains approximately a third of the minimum daily requirement.
"Katie's sick, so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything."
Boys in the village have probably been shooting vermin.
This is a product of lime and nitric acid.
The therapist noticed that the patient's knees tended to lock in this exercise.
Every artist needs an audience.
Break an alibi.
A head of cauliflower.
To fall off a point.
Do you remember that he once loved you?
The reason that war was declared.
I hope to become one of their number before I die.
Get a life.
It's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven.
"To raise a wall, or a heap of stones."
"There was no food in the house, so I had to remain hungry."
I shall be writing to you soon.
The mayor threw out the first ball.
There is a constant hum of military preparation.
A solid border around a table of figures.
What make of car is that?
There was a break in the action when a player was hurt.
What's a body got ta do to get a drink around here?
Keep food for a week in the pantry.
The seat of a saddle.
The subjects' set led them to solve problems the familiar way and to overlook the simpler solution.
Increased expenses put a squeeze on profits.
Piecas kronas -- five krona.
Your place or mine?
The key to winning a game.
I ride to work in a bus.
Can you teach me to sew?
Home is where the heart is.
"I'm cold; can you roll over here and cuddle me, honey?"
Pull a horse.
The mechanism for arousal from sleep.
I'll just go to the lumberyard and buy some more two by fours so we can finish building this.
You should practice playing piano every day.
One can never fully repair the suffering and losses of the Jews in the Third Reich.
We were hit by really bad weather.
To militate in favor of a particular result.
I beat the traffic.
Messages must go through diplomatic channels.
She made a copy of the designer dress.
I know it's time.
The never-ending cycle of the seasons.
If you leave now you might catch him.
Shoot a goal.
My neighborhood voted for Bush.
The average cost of a new house is twice as much as t was 20 years ago.
Keep notes.
They resisted every effort on his part.
Reduce a problem to a single question.
I start at eight in the morning.
To set pear trees in an orchard.
This is my house and my family's ancestral home.
He longed for the touch of her hand.
A return to one's question.
He ate a large bag of popcorn.
We can not admit non-members into our club building.
Take sick.
A fan aids air circulation.
Pop the pizza into the microwave oven.
Nuts shell in falling.
Melt butter.
A monopoly on silver.
The hills around here fall towards the ocean.
The sound awakened them.
Receive the incoming radio signals.
The trapped miners found a pocket of air.
He built the house on land leased from the city.
Draw on a cigarette.
To militate against the possibility of his election.
They paid taxes on every stage of the operation.
A head of cauliflower.
He stuck his head out the window.
"Their interests didn't match, so it took a long time to agree what to do together."
My neighbour has an annoying cat.
An executive or judical office.
To die to pleasure or to sin.
A set of golf clubs.
Cut the skin with the point of the knife.
Running at full stretch.
To hold true.
They speak a strange dialect.
She didn't get to Chicago until after midnight.
The floor of the cave.
He got change for a twenty and used it to pay the taxi driver.
The noisy voice of the waterfall.
A sense of danger.
Point a chimney.
The dirty side will show.
He stepped into the light.
He appointed himself emperor for life.
He works on commission.
They will schedule the operation as soon as an operating room is available.
I draw a line here.
He thought of his painting as a game that filled his empty time.
They gave full play to the artist's talent.
There was too much for one person to do.
The key to winning a game.
Make friends.
He's just been released from Shadwell nick prison after doing ten years for attempted murder.
I may be an hour.
These potatoes keep for a long time.
You drive nails into wood with a hammer.
One of the tires developed a leak.
He's always stuffing his gob with fast food.
You need four people to play this game.
"You could fry up some chicken livers for a tasty treat. -- Nah, I don't like chicken liver."
She can hold an audience spellbound.
We had to stand for the entire performance!
Draw a weapon.
A good review by this critic will make your play!
We had the chance to meet the president last week.
May God keep you.
Clear the water before it can be drunk.
Can I keep my old stuffed animals?
"Even if it's not illegal, plagiarism is usually frowned upon."
He designed a new piece of equipment.
The English language.
Ryan wiped the tear from the paper he was crying on.
Turn your dance partner around.
He was on the heavy side.
The gas expanded to twice its original volume.
They admired his scrupulous professional integrity.
Can I keep my old stuffed animals?
Air pollution.
Your wish will come true.
Philip's dwelling fronted on the street. -- Alfred Tennyson.
People knew how to stain glass a beautiful blue in the middle ages.
This speech didn't play well with the American public.
I fear the worst will happen.
The explosion was heard a mile away.
"A is a hyponym of B means that ""A is a type of B.""."
The sky is red this morning -- does that mean we're in for a storm?
Most BASIC files use the filename extension .BAS.
"Waiter, please bring me a single malt whiskey."
Turn the legs of the table.
She was the picture of despair.
The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves.
They make a cute couple.
Offer prayers to the gods.
He stuck his head out the window.
The machinery is out of order.
Don't go to lunch if we don't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones.
She didn't leave until midnight.
Charlie likes to play Mary.
We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements.
The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet.
A bedside stand.
This will help to prevent accidents.
On his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party.
The institution of marriage.
They're going to the Civil War battle reenactment this weekend.
He has a touch of rheumatism.
He celebrated after the sale of company.
"When I realized that I had hurt my friend, I felt deep shame."
An angry face.
The architect left space in front of the building.
Make advances.
An estimate of what it would cost.
Swing a bat.
A sample for ten days free trial.
The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered.
I want to go home now.
He didn't miss a single day of school.
The battalion was a mere skeleton of its former self.
"""Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love"" -- Albert Einstein."
Putting them in readiness.
Give a yelp.
He needs to regain her trust if he is ever going to win her back.
"He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat, which always annoyed his mother."
Stretch out that piece of cloth.
Keep your cool.
This guy can press 300 pounds.
We were hit by really bad weather.
The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part.
His editorials provided a vehicle for his political views.
The American public is experiencing scandal fatigue.
I used to take The Sunday Times.
The battery had a short life.
It will pay to wait.
"The most moving scene is the final one, where he realizes he has wasted his whole life."
He got in touch with his colleagues.
To repair a shattered fortune.
He uttered harsh language.
Play safe.
He predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance.
Turn your face to the wall.
"2004: Most people used pliers, scissors, rubber gloves and knives to try to prise open products. -- BBC News."
He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain.
Break a promise.
This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster.
It brought out his better side.
The grocery store included a meat market.
Use the plastic bags to store the food.
You'll pay for this opinion later.
A leak in a gas pipe.
As they say in the trade.
His weakness increased as he became older.
"""The quality of mercy is not strained"" -- Shakespeare."
Beat one's breast.
World fair.
"The story is false, so far as I can discover."
His drive and energy exhausted his co-workers.
The car hit a tree.
The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part.
They broke faith with their investors.
How should I take this message?
I have little disposition now to do as you say.
She never lost control of herself.
There as a trail of blood.
He followed on foot.
There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field.
The centimetre is a unit of length.
This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us.
The golfer asked for an official who could give him a ruling.
Pay a visit.
Saw the board across the grain.
Drop a lawsuit.
They had sex in the back seat.
I'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore!
His tantrums are a statement of his need for attention.
200 head of cattle.
Shelve books.
It was my good luck to be there.
Trace a pattern.
"The sun sets, and the workers go to their rest."
To sophisticate wine. -- Howell.
He sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage.
Can you give me lessons?
Check the brakes.
He has an unlisted number.
It just won't make much of a difference to anyone.
Burn garbage.
They serve a restricted role on the bench.
Give priority to.
I beg your pardon. I didn't mean to cause offence.
Catch fire.
Might I beg leave to accompany you?
Develop land.
"I'd like a big bit of cake, please."
Bad luck caused his downfall.
Sculpture is a form of art.
The military academy at West Point.
Come out of the closet!
Propagate sound or light through air.
Fall into a strange way of thinking.
Treat an oil spill.
I envied his rapid buildup of assets.
This building used to be a church before being converted into a library.
The roll of a ball.
Can you teach me to sew?
Pick up the tab.
Bear a heavy load.
"No thanks, I don't drink."
Crime doesn't pay.
There was a ceremony to induct the president of the Academy.
This nest egg will ensure a nice retirement for us.
We thought we would win but only ended up in fourth place.
An emerging professional class.
We'll get them!
Pass along the good news.
To seize a ship after libeling.
Listening to the tap next door drip all night drove me mad!
Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind.
"Please can I have a look, if I promise not to touch?"
"I'm normally a big fan of lifesaving, but in his case we can make an exception."
He does not have a grain of sense.
I understand wanting more.
The general ordered the colonel to hold his position at all costs.
Shoot a golf ball.
A ball of fire.
Please sweep the floor.
Don't touch my CDs!
The love of money is the root of all evil.
There's nothing more thrilling to the whale watcher than to see a whale surface and blow.
Cats stretch with equal ease and agility beyond the point that breaks a man on the rack.
You must wait in a long line at the checkout counter.
Wear gloves so your hands stay warm.
The body of the car was badly rusted.
Economy of effort.
Room to pass.
My cat often sleeps on my bed.
These bonds carry warrants.
What do you get when you add up these numbers?
"As a Greek numeral, iota represents ten."
I tried to follow her prescription for success.
The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies.
Every artist needs an audience.
"At the start of their turn, each player must draw a card."
She knotted the end of the thread.
Give priority to.
Crack a joke.
The plane was given clearance to land.
The application of indexes to tables of data.
We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem.
A working stiff.
They saw the light of the beacon.
Can you break a hundred-dollar bill for me?
A stick of dynamite.
Fall into a category.
Heat the house.
That's three times he's made the same mistake.
I have to take a leak.
This time he succeeded.
We hit Detroit by noon.
The minister doesn't see anybody before noon.
He passed all the exams with ease.
The pilot had to bank the aircraft.
To stick an apple on a fork.
"Should I give you yet more homework, or would that be overkill?"
If you hurry you'll catch the post.
I couldn't get his words out of my head.
Give her recognition for trying.
I have some free time tonight so I think I'll catch a movie.
A body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon.
I don't like the look of the new design.
A sense of self.
"After the trial period, she was asked to stay on and work full-time."
She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly.
Every artist needs an audience.
What price glory?
Call the speaker on a question of fact.
They stayed in the pattern until the fog lifted.
You need to flip the pancake onto the other side.
I'm not going to buy your stupid excuses anymore!
Turn your face to the wall.
Think thin.
When will the meeting be?
A drop of each sample was analyzed.
"Operator, could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore?"
One boy hit the other.
The Academy of Music.
The head of a comet.
Change per unit volume.
Rustle cattle.
An example of a miracle associated with Muhammad is the splitting of the moon.
Hold one's nose.
They were pleased about their move to the country.
I'm leaving work early because I have a doctor's appointment.
Ditch a plane.
An early movie simply showed a long kiss by two actors of the contemporary stage.
The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s.
Set a broken bone.
Defense against hurricanes is an urgent problem.
If I had my way.
"A person makes his appearance as an historian, an artist, or an orator."
Open a window and let in some air.
His friend's opinion had an impact on his decision.
What do you get when you add up these numbers?
I spread the rice grains evenly over the floor.
Strike a match.
The howl of the wind made him restless.
They claimed that they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings.
I shall be writing to you soon.
They climbed the north face of the mountain.
"The date of a letter, of a will, of a deed, of a coin, etc."
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses.
Spin silk.
Wear one's hair in a certain way.
In the day of the dinosaurs.
Train the vine.
I can only stay for an hour.
Didn't know the way home.
A wall of water.
He was on the heavy side.
His conclusion took the evidence into account.
The policy so far is all stick and no carrot.
"With the lights out, she had to rely on touch to find her desk."
You anger too easily.
He lost all feeling in his arm.
The old house served as a dwelling for Albert.
It was a fight to the finish.
Please focus on your studies and not on your hobbies.
The whole school turned out for the game.
Hold these truths to be self-evident.
We offer seafood as the first course.
A dedicated line.
Bear a heavy load.
A sunburnt complexion.
You're going to have to pull harder to get that cork out of the bottle.
Matters came to a head yesterday.
The reason that the agency is doomed to inaction has something to do with the FBI culture.
Break a record.
In the political orbit of a world power.
There has been talk about you lately.
Puncture a tire.
They run things by the book around here.
He was well aware of the richness of his own appearance.
She loves to ride her new motorcycle through town.
You never lift a finger to help me!
Play the stock market.
Check your luggage before boarding.
I mean no harm.
Pump bullets into the dummy.
The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part.
He paid all his bills by check.
We'll get them!
He won the prize for best costume.
We beat the competition.
There is a lovely little church in the valley.
Close with the enemy.
I made the students feel different about themselves.
I shall be writing to you soon.
Spoke a good word in his friend's behalf.
A wall of prejudice.
She doesn't know this composer.
The essay contained too much detail.
The washing machine won't go unless it's plugged in.
The line of soldiers advanced with their bayonets fixed.
She can not conduct modern pieces.
Raise a mutiny.
A unit of wheat is a bushel.
Block a garment.
The Pauli Exclusion Principle prevents two fermions from occupying the same state.
Simply an identity element if both are true.
Show me where the business was today.
Extract information from the telegram.
I hold him personally responsible.
A ball of mud caught him on the shoulder.
It just won't make much difference to me.
Loss of blood is an important cause of shock.
The key to development is economic integration.
Smell out corruption.
I try to avoid the company of gamblers.
Pressurize a space suit.
A mental case.
Lob the tennis ball.
We serve meals for the homeless.
Come into contact with a terrorist group.
"The story is false, so far as I can discover."
Turn the earth in the Spring.
The soft metal works well.
My day began early this morning.
Not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book.
Oil field.
I carry her image in my mind's eye.
I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang.
Break a branch from a tree.
She didn't get his name when they met the first time.
"After many days of hard work, we finally had enough firewood for the winter."
She'll make a fine president.
Does my policy cover accidental loss?
A fit of coughing.
Drive the game.
Standing on the corner watching all the girls go by.
Pull the string gently.
I can feel the sadness in his poems.
Her church group has planned an adoption shower.
People turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium.
A candy sampler.
The Times is not the voice of New York.
He hit her hard in the face.
They developed a scheme of mutual support.
The passing of winter.
She preferred the black nylon number.
In chess your should take care of your development before moving your queen.
A drop of each sample was analyzed.
Work equals force times distance.
"If it wasn't subsidized, the nonprofit would be bankrupt."
"The store is huge, occupying an entire city block."
I used tact when I told my fat uncle that his extra weight made him look better.
The barber did a real job on my hair.
Don't scratch your insect bites!
Give one's talents to a good cause.
I like to treat myself to a day at a spa when I am depressed.
He wrote a letter of apology to the hostess.
Dress a turkey.
A broad movement of the electorate to the right.
She used a different color for the trim.
Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday -- he got pick-pocketed and lost fifty dollars.
"I think she is pretty, contrary to most people."
He got a tip on the stock market.
I love hearing the song of canary birds.
Do nothing.
Cure cement.
Did you get it?
"Pay up, please!"
Events now in process.
These two surfaces osculate.
We got into a silly quarrel about what food to order.
We live in a litigious age.
I'm going for a dip before breakfast.
It has become less common to say grace before having dinner.
I resent having to carry her all the time.
The children were playing ball in the garden.
The fields vegetate vigorously.
She made a copy of the designer dress.
Break a branch from a tree.
She made the boy brush his teeth every night.
The job of repairing the engine took several hours.
Much of the waste material is carried off in the sewers.
The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it.
He misplayed his promising position.
Can you connect the two loudspeakers?
Skill is the product of hours of practice.
The house was filled with company when I arrived.
Don't lie to your parents.
This ticket will admit one adult to the show.
The hunters found deer sign at the end of the trail.
"I didn't have any coins to pay with, so I used a note."
The cloth had a pattern of red dots on a white surface.
The ex-boxer's job is to bounce people who want to enter this private club.
The pictures were at the same level.
They were soon out of view.
I'll offset the time difference locally.
Pull weeds.
"To draw a memorial, a deed, or bill of exchange."
I have two sisters.
The Holocaust was insanity on an enormous scale.
She has a pretty face.
Does she pay you for the work you are doing?
Every time we asked for an interview we got a denial.
"Given a Boolean A, ""A OR (NOT A)"" is a tautology."
Play water from a hose.
The trunk was full of stuff.
Kill the engine.
We hiked through the Andes mountain range.
I had to break a $100 bill just to buy the candy.
The exploring party went through the high gap in the mountains.
How does your idea work in practice?
Turn the car around.
Screen a film.
A fit of coughing.
We should make Cincinnati by 7 tonight.
I shall be writing to you soon.
The beer had a large head of foam.
The didacticism of the 19th century gave birth to many great museums.
"Keep my seat, please."
He looked for books with the word 'jazz' in the title.
"I didn't have any coins to pay with, so I used a note."
Get someone mad.
Skill is the product of hours of practice.
He deserves a good kick in the butt.
The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow.
A place in my heart.
"The ""Ring of the Nibelung"" is a cycle of four operas by Richard Wagner, the famous nineteenth-century German composer."
The accusative case canonically indicates a direct object.
"Pay up, please!"
She was granted leave to speak.
Drive a car or bus.
You really have to empathize with their doing it.
The moon's disk hung in a cloudless sky.
Play cards.
It just won't make much difference to me.
Shuck oysters.
It was a fight to the finish.
The fabric of our lives.
I take aspirin every day to thin my blood.
I'll offset the time difference locally.
Where do you stand on the War?
They have two more years before they retire.
A man of action.
The shelves were lined with pottery of all shapes and sizes.
My broker recommended a greater diversification of my investments.
He cashed a check at the bank.
He removed the top of the carton.
Pound the roots with a heavy flat stone.
The operator couldn't get Kobe because of the earthquake.
Both philosophers concord on this point.
Let's save the packaging in case we need to send the product back.
The collar has a tab with a button hole.
Some actresses have more than one face lift.
Conquer your fears.
This sweater is an all-wool number.
This unpleasant situation isn't going to work itself out.
This move will save money.
A bit of lint.
These pipes carry waste water into the river.
Let the dogs run free.
The police monitor the suspect's moves.
See you another time.
Use your head!
We congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal.
He attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy.
You can not get water out of a stone.
The crowded canvas of history.
Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday.
The pull up the hill had him breathing harder.
He has a sinister smile.
Call a runner out.
Turn the clay on the wheel.
To say the same thing in other terms.
The country set.
An angry face.
"A slight move of the tiller, and the boat will go off course."
When bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist.
There was a chemical reaction of the lime with the ground water.
Today's panel includes John Smith.
Many children join a sports club.
We used a poison to kill the weeds.
An interesting idea hit her.
It was a case of bad judgment.
The question of seniority will be discussed at the meeting.
"For Freudians, libido means the desire to ""unite and bind"" with objects in the world."
The surprise attack was devastating.
Physicists study both the nature of matter and the forces which govern it.
He turned the box over to examine the bottom side.
Negotiations ran into a brick wall.
Fall by the wayside.
I shall be writing to you soon.
I still owe for the car.
The controversy brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion.
Trim lumber.
A four-month stay in bankruptcy court.
Throw a shoe.
The coach cut two players from the team.
Their nomadic mode of existence.
The object of my affection.
Time stops for nobody.
We can't do it unless we establish some system around here.
The washing machine won't go unless it's plugged in.
Extend my greetings.
The base of the lamp.
He took his leave.
The rumor had its origin in idle gossip.
This diamond comes from a mine in South Africa.
A piano was in one corner of the room.
I can only stay for an hour.
The film is set in Africa.
The enemy fire is increasing -- can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers?
Strike fire from the flintstone.
The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics.
Levy a fine.
You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn.
He was arrested on a charge of larceny.
You have no right to go through my personal diary.
The extension of 'satellite of Mars' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos.
Gather some stones.
In return we gave them as good as we got.
Nobody can break out -- this prison is high security.
He slipped through an opening in the crowd.
When will the meeting be?
Draw the shades.
There was a note of gaiety in her manner.
They had too much furniture for the small apartment.
"Okay, but this is the last time. No more after that!"
I have to translate when my in-laws from Austria visit the U.S.
I had to stay at home and watch the children.
People did not accept atonal music at that time.
We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight.
My daughter's fancy wedding is going to break me!
Ply your wits!
She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly.
Is the direction of the economy a function of government?
A ship's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind.
A drain on resources.
They sailed south around the point.
It brought out his better side.
But there is always the famous example of the Smiths.
I'm going to buy my father something nice for his birthday.
Where do you stand on the War?
The wall had a smooth texture.
He put flowers on his mother's grave.
There was not a scrap left.
To make like a deer caught in the headlights.
He walked to school every morning.
That mechanic's a bum -- he couldn't fix a yo-yo.
Drop a hint.
Admission is three dollars a head.
Pull a bank robbery.
I drive to work every day.
An important piece of the evidence.
Don't lie to your parents.
A stick of wood.
Order ruled in the streets.
We stayed in Hawaii for a week.
Drop him from the Republican ticket.
We like to walk every Sunday.
The truck overturned while carrying a full load of oil.
This table would serve very well.
Enthalpy is the amount of energy in a system capable of doing mechanical work.
A set of teeth.
Ditch a plane.
This invention will make you a millionaire.
I'll take that plate off the table.
Drive the forest.
He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned.
Polish your social manners.
To move in a matter.
The battery had a short life.
I spread the rice grains evenly over the floor.
The apparition of Lawyer Clippurse occasioned much speculation in that portion of the world. -- Sir W. Scott.
He could not work the math problem.
The world of insects.
It was his area of specialization.
Make an effort.
The ball travelled 90 mph on his serve.
Break the cycle of poverty.
There is strength in union.
They divorced after the birth of the child.
You don't look your age!
Hit the bottle.
Check the brakes.
Your place or mine?
Can we extend the legs of this dining table?
Drink was his downfall.
The girls were playing in the court.
She cut the deck for a long time.
Insiders said the company's stock was in play.
He finally got his big break.
My neighbour is very irritable and grumpy at times.
Stretch the imagination.
Cut grain.
I can't follow your line of reasoning.
Her youth and beauty is what attracted him to her.
Change per unit volume.
The French doors give onto a terrace.
These bonds carry warrants.
Draw water from a well.
Can you wash away the spots on the windows?
Truck fresh vegetables across the mountains.
It's your turn; go.
Play safe.
What do you make of his remarks?
"Inwardness is what an Englishman quite simply has, painlessly, as a birthright."
We were hit by really bad weather.
Then we embarked on the second stage of our Caribbean cruise.
Shakespeare's production of poetry was enormous.
Set the table.
They say he gives good head.
He tried to strangle his opponent.
They served beer on draft.
They had to devise a system that did not depend on cooperation.
I shall be writing to you soon.
"If you're going to beat your competitors, you need to focus."
Make a mess in one's office.
What does the law say?
Drive the cows into the barn.
Cut paper dolls.
The key to winning a game.
She wants to leave.
Can you see the bird in that tree?
His instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set.
Cut trenches.
Write your name in the space provided.
A ceremony commemorating Pearl Harbor.
Give the orders.
I wasn't thinking straight -- I'd had a skinful that night.
It came to a stop at the bottom of the hill.
Although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry.
His charge was deliver a message.
A heroic figure.
We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago.
It brought out his better side.
"Before laying sod on that clay, the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil."
An account of a battle.
To pay attention.
Do you take me for a fool?
Approach a task.
The head of the page.
Art does not need to be innovative to be good.
He warned against the use of narcotic drugs.
Change per unit volume.
They set out on their return to the base camp.
They had a fierce wrestle.
The pull of the current.
"The ""war on terror"" is a campaign against terrorist crime."
To execute a difficult piece of music brilliantly.
While there's life there's hope.
We had a wonderful time at the party.
A right angle is a ninety degree angle.
Mastering a second language requires a lot of work.
Uncork the French wine.
His best finish in a major tournament was third.
Can you wash away the spots on the windows?
Your wish will come true.
It was a bewildering array of books.
A shared line.
He was fighting to his last breath.
Negotiations ran into a brick wall.
You would be a dingbat even to try it.
"While being impulsive can be great for artists, it is not a desirable quality for engineers."
Can you connect the two loudspeakers?
Drill for oil.
You should shower after vigorous exercise.
He hoped for a new life in Australia.
Pull a chicken.
Harry said he couldn't stop and chat because his missus wanted to go shopping.
It was written off as a loss.
The prescription specified only one refill.
May the force be with you.
Tea has fragrant white flowers.
Set up an experiment.
"He answered the first question willingly, the second reluctantly, and the third with resentment."
She preferred the black nylon number.
Mount an attack.
There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms.
The patter of mice.
He has a house on Cape Cod.
We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem.
To wander over the fields.
Diversify your financial portfolio to hedge price risks.
How much do you make a month in your new job?
He danced hypnotically while she beat the atabaque.
He had a fair trial and the jury found him guilty.
Make my day.
He wrote a letter of apology to the hostess.
A unit of wheat is a bushel.
Throw a shoe.
Fall into a strange way of thinking.
Do you want to come over to my place later?
Cover the grave with flowers.
I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news.
Can you follow her argument?
The reason that war was declared.
The practice of the law.
A grain of sand.
"When the pot comes to a boil, cover it and reduce the heat to medium."
Come this way and I'll show you a shortcut.
"If you're going to beat your competitors, you need to focus."
Canst thou thunder with a voice like him? -- Job 40:9.
He did a stretch in the federal penitentiary.
Play cards.
Beat a path through the forest.
Analyze a specimen.
Can you shed light on this problem?
To line a copy book.
The pregnancy was a stroke of bad luck.
He paused on the bottom step.
I asked for a hot drink.
Rest assured.
They didn't follow our lead.
Flick a piece of paper across the table.
"No thanks, I don't drink."
He turned the box over to examine the bottom side.
Women carrying home shopping didn't give me a second glance.
You'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that.
Shake one's head.
Ms. Smith will represent the defendant.
It is time to go.
When will the meeting be?
Don't ride the clutch!
A piano has a greater range than the human voice.
When will the meeting be?
He bought a book of stamps.
It brought out his better side.
He had worked in construction all his life.
He comes from a place near Chicago.
Turn cartwheels.
It was great to feel my baby moving about inside.
Normalize the spelling.
I mean no harm.
I can not bear his constant criticism.
Make advances.
Payments fall on the 1st of the month.
He must have a heart of stone.
A flash sewn on his sleeve indicated the unit he belonged to.
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep.
My computer is too old to run the new OS.
The class of all sets is not a set.
Being in office already gives a candidate a great advantage.
The title should be written at the top of the first page.
They climbed the north face of the mountain.
To hold true.
He enjoyed the society of his friends.
The war against crime.
The direction of maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of the shear.
Do you remember that he once loved you?
Pull the cooked chicken into strips.
Suffer a terrible fate.
To arouse anger.
To move in a matter.
I really want to sing in the school choir. said Vera.
Don't run that software unless you have permission.
A ranch hand.
"If the new teacher won't break, we'll add some stress."
To move in a matter.
Shopping center.
Drive the forest.
Beg money and food.
"To raise a wall, or a heap of stones."
"To audit the accounts of a treasure, or of parties who have a suit depending in court."
This method doesn't work.
Air pollution.
Her speech was barren of southernisms.
Do you take me for a fool?
The court is now in session.
He watched the house burn.
After two raises there was a call.
Spread information.
His back was to the wall.
This skill will enable you to find a job on Wall Street.
Anthropologists do much of their work in the field.
She wiped lipstick from her mouth.
The old house served as a dwelling for Albert.
She lost all respect for him.
Authority for the program was renewed several times.
Flood the market with tennis shoes.
Take steps.
Break the code.
Her hair doesn't grow much anymore.
Take two aspirin and call me in the morning.
After the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit.
Precious stones occur in a large area in Brazil.
Leave the young fawn alone.
A hook-and-ladder company.
Give a course.
The Lord Mayor's procession.
"The ""war on terror"" is a campaign against terrorist crime."
Make a phone call.
Do you take me for a fool?
The king will visit the duke's court.
Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind.
I ride to work in a bus.
Your assumption that I would agree was unwarranted.
Find the product of two numbers.
The truth is that he didn't want to do it.
To set glass in a sash.
You need to push quite hard to get this door open.
She has two bachelor's degrees and is studying towards a master's degree.
He had a drop too much to drink.
Hardly enough elbow room to turn around.
The relative security of the gay ghetto.
A ship's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind.
The fabric of our lives.
"If the vase falls to the floor, it might break."
The cooling touch of the night air.
Track a missile.
Can you drive this four-wheel truck?
Allow for mistakes.
He enjoyed selling but he hated the travel.
Lift potatoes.
Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road.
The operator couldn't get Kobe because of the earthquake.
There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field.
A disk drive contains a microprocessor to handle the internal functions of the drive.
Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing.
It was a sturdy table.
The quality of students has risen.
The question of disease merits serious discussion.
They sat down to talk business.
"Should we classify ""make up"" as an idiom or as a phrasal verb?"
Do you want to come over to my place later?
Any good golf club will have a range where you can practice.
She sat on the edge of the bed.
The queen of ocean liners.
Shake one's head.
How nice to see you again!
I can read his feelings in his face.
I ordered two dozen doughnuts.
The opening received good critical reviews.
"To carry well, i.e. to hold the head high, with arching neck."
Catch the mood.
Hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes.
"These two copies are supposed to be identical, but they don't match."
Grate one's teeth in anger.
The catcher made a good throw to second base.
Fall into a strange way of thinking.
Take vengeance.
The movie demanded a dramatic canvas of sound.
To electrify a jar.
He could not touch the meaning of the poem.
Mailed an indignant letter to the editor.
There is strength in union.
I didn't mean to knock your tooth out.
Potatoes bake to a crisp.
Messages must go through diplomatic channels.
He asked the waiter for the check.
His state of health.
Do you know the way to the airport?
I was right in the middle of a stretch when the phone rang.
We had to dress quickly.
He put all his efforts into this job.
I need to charge my car battery.
He watched the house burn.
Show me where the business was today.
This play will either make or break the playwright.
The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s.
Dig salt.
"When the pot comes to a boil, cover it and reduce the heat to medium."
"Al Smith used to say, 'Let's look at the record'."
The police are following a promising lead.
Toe the line.
Strike a bargain.
It was a mercy that we were not inside when the roof collapsed.
He gave notice two months before he moved.
His daily run keeps him fit.
He drew a line on the chart.
Deliver the mail.
Fall into a strange way of thinking.
The Moon's orbit around the Earth takes nearly one month to complete.
He is the very model of a modern major general.
His date never stopped talking.
"Before laying sod on that clay, the ground needs two inches of coverage with topsoil."
They sat down to talk business.
A wave of settlers.
The president's trip will substantiate good relations with the former enemy country.
He rode into the mouth of the canyon.
Sand of a fine grain.
The sound awakened them.
"""The harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph"" -- Thomas Paine."
We should meet at a pre-arranged point.
Introduce exotic fruits.
That's the size of the situation.
He always puts a smile on my face.
Play cards.
His hand was illegible.
Political convention.
To charge high for goods.
He came to a bad end.
Draw a conclusion.
He operated a bank of switches.
The heart and soul of the Republican Party.
If I had my way.
An indication of foul play.
Stick the corner of the sheet under the mattress.
To admit a serious thought into the mind.
We carry a very large mortgage.
It's rude to point at other people.
Get nauseous.
"Can you tell whether those flowers are real or silk, from this distance?"
The sum of all our troubles did not equal the misery they suffered.
Lightning produced an unusual union of the metals.
There is a narrow line between sanity and insanity.
He tried to sing the tenor part.
Fall into a trap.
The company operated at a loss last year.
He could no longer cope with the complexities of life.
The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been.
"He arrived five minutes late, but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift."
From cradle to grave.
Bear a resemblance.
Swing back.
Don't run that software unless you have permission.
A municipal office.
Everyone showed that the ghost of an old lady haunted this crypt.
"If the vase falls to the floor, it might break."
I'm really seeing you in a different light today.
The annual report has been my baby since September.
A prison term.
I had to break a $100 bill just to buy the candy.
The car's finish was so shiny and new.
Renewed jitters in the wake of a blip in retail sales.
There's little to earn and many to keep.
The government provides support to the arts in several ways.
Fall into a trap.
Can you connect the two loudspeakers?
A good lead for a job.
When the finish is too thin it is difficult to apply evenly.
The helm of the Commonwealth.
The president no longer has the support of his own party.
You can't do that in a university setting.
The speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written.
We can not admit non-members into our club building.
He tries to hit on women in bars.
He cut a fine figure.
To start a business.
You have to be a good observer to see all the details.
At what time does your train leave?
I spent my spring holidays in Morocco.
I give you credit for owning up to your mistake.
Traffic on the internet is lightest during the night.
I need to rest for a piece.
"The feeling is difficult to describe, but not unpleasant."
Dig coal.
Make water into wine.
He came to a bad end.
Play the casinos in Trouville.
We took a 10-minute break.
He bought some reading material at the airport.
"What is the origin of the outwardness of our sensations of sound, smell, or taste."
An occasion arranged to honor the president.
You reek of perfume.
"Have, throw, or make a party."
He tried to crystallize his thoughts.
It was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church.
The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text.
Give a yelp.
Gold field.
The baby of the family.
Answer the telephone.
He had a number of chores to do.
That acorn will grow into an oak tree.
The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been.
I'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday.
Halt the presses.
Files with a red tab will be stored separately.
To start a rumour.
His parting shot was 'drop dead'.
The fire-light gave a richness of coloring to that side of the room.
It is good practice to check each door and window before leaving.
I take it you're not going?
It brought out his better side.
I couldn't shake the car that was following me.
Alternately relax and tense your calf muscle.
Room to pass.
Our lounge strives to maintain an environment of peace for the comfort of our customers.
I'll take a pound of that sausage.
Throw the car into reverse.
They were beaten by a more aggressive team.
To promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products.
A CPU is a component of a computer.
She knows how to work the system.
Cover her face with a handkerchief.
This will permit the rain to run off.
"Fix breakfast for the guests, please."
Where am I going to get my next hit?
Did you get it?
I regret I can't come to the party.
The man must answer to his employer for the money entrusted to his care.
Cut the skin with the point of the knife.
I can not work a miracle.
These bonds carry warrants.
He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude.
"Katie's sick, so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything."
She thrust the letter into his hand.
Would you like to come round on Sunday for a spot of lunch?
"As you sow, so shall you reap."
The word is a basic linguistic unit.
Fall prey to an imposter.
To militate against the possibility of his election.
Can you unravel the mystery?
He has just made his first sale.
I see that you have been promoted.
I give you my word that I will be there on time.
"A governor, that had pillaged the people, was sentenced to refund what he had wrongfully taken. -- L'Estrange."
Candidates must compete in a trial of skill.
He got into a terrible fix.
He is blind -- he can not see.
The sequence of names was alphabetical.
Design a better mousetrap.
Please develop this roll of film for me.
Pull one's horse to a stand.
I don't care what he does.
A student's attendance is an important factor in her grade.
He gave a howl of pain.
Did you two break the trolley by racing with it?
They allowed just one vote per person.
It was Bernhardt's last appearance in America.
Dress the patient.
A remarkable degree of frankness.
The number of parameters is small.
He was cut down on a close play at third.
Don't go to lunch if we don't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones.
The harmonic series has been much studied.
You can not even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war.
She lost all her respect and authority after turning up drunk to the meeting.
Don't lie to your parents.
We need an entreaty to stop the hostilities.
We know this movie.
Fall into a trap.
Inhibit the action of the enzyme.
To assign counsel for a prisoner.
The child was a charge of the nanny.
Render the town to the enemy.
Lift a ban.
Top the evening with champagne.
Why did I ever believe you?
He works for the United States mail service.
That acorn will grow into an oak tree.
Dip the brush into the paint.
When will the meeting be?
The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia.
Make a phone call.
This invention will make you a millionaire.
To admit evidence in the trial of a cause.
She gave great head.
Everyone hopes for a better tomorrow.
Let me just orient myself and we can be on our way.
Cut recording tape.
Go to the supermarket and buy some tea.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
He made a scene.
I would love to have dinner but I have to catch a plane.
They began to fight like fun.
Smooth the way towards peace negotiations.
The gauge read 'empty'.
I carry these thoughts in the back of my head.
He ordered a second round.
The team enjoyed a brief run of victories.
Here we enter the region of opinion.
Can I charge this purchase?
This led to an unfortunate chain of events.
Catch one's breath.
"Now that we're all in agreement, we can put that issue to rest."
You really have to empathize with them.
It will pay to wait.
I know the feeling!
"Confidence is always borrowed, never owned."
Messages must go through diplomatic channels.
The end of the year.
"A person makes his appearance as an historian, an artist, or an orator."
Emotion caused a constriction of his throat.
A political system with no place for the less prominent groups.
To approach the city.
She ran 10 miles that day.
Hold the taxi.
We summered in Kashmir.
He is two heads taller than his little sister.
This proposal meets my requirements.
Our news team brings you the latest developments.
Frustrated by the narrowness of people's horizons.
Think before you act.
Count the cash in the drawer twice just to cover yourself.
Port arms!
She fell to pieces after she lost her work.
He applied a coat of a clear finish.
Field of view.
This makes the third infraction.
Marlene dressed herself.
The boxer struck the attacker dead.
They tracked him back toward the head of the stream.
His opinions are in flux.
The auditorium can't hold more than 500 people.
You must wait in a long line at the checkout counter.
The company was created 25 years ago.
Recent federal action undermined the segregationist position.
The former employee spilled all the details.
I beat the traffic.
Conservatism has many voices.
He hit a home run.
He is a quick study.
Use the net to land the fish.
One swallow does not a summer make.
He was university material.
The American public is experiencing scandal fatigue.
In the living room there was a tank of colorful fish.
Begin a cigar.
They were trying to find a peaceful solution.
The astronauts walked in outer space without a tether.
I caught him with a solid shot to the chin.
We must not let our civil liberties be subverted by the current crisis.
Academies of literature and philology.
The bucket catches water from the downspout.
There stood on the corner a statue.
Pull the trigger of the gun.
A leopard's spots.
He hit .300 in the past season.
The dancers toes pointed outward.
I hit the jackpot.
Magoon's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter.
A kitchen wallah.
The temperate regions.
This new washer carries a two year guarantee.
Raise from the dead.
We kept to the original conditions of the contract.
The crash produced a dent in the left side of the car.
He made twenty bucks playing poker last night.
The voice of the law.
We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem.
The never-ending cycle of the seasons.
The story is going the rounds in Washington.
The drawer rolled open.
3 times 5 is fifteen.
She laughed her excitement.
His hand reaches the river.
The container's walls were blue.
This storm is certainly a change for the worse.
Stand up for yourself-don't be such a baby!
"When news of their divorce broke, ..."
The player with the highest score is the winner.
My business closes every night at 8 P.M.
My headache has no connection with me going out last night.
We should go farther in this matter.
Night fell.
Cut trenches.
I know him under a different name.
This may land you in jail.
The gunfire raked the coast.
"While being impulsive can be great for artists, it is not a desirable quality for engineers."
She holds her head high.
The image of f(x) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers.
She told him how he did it.
The space between his teeth.
It is snowing.
A variable speed drive permitted operation through a range of speeds.
Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind.
She joined him for a drink.
He applied to the state for support.
She made the boy brush his teeth every night.
What will you give her for her birthday?
Servants appeared at the snap of his fingers.
Take a test.
"They saw that the night was quickly drawing in, so they pitched their tent."
They shot 20 head of quail.
Europeans often laugh at American energy.
The room brimmed with people.
He's held by a contract.
Vegetable origins.
We had to see a psychiatrist.
The field was patched with snow.
To fall off a point.
He is two heads taller than his little sister.
Strike fire from the flintstone.
He was a member of a special police unit.
Shoot a basket.
His title to fame.
Play football.
Their debts finally drove them to sell the business.
He will make a splendid father!
Shoot a goal.
I've coupled our system to theirs.
A variant of the same word.
Work the metal into a sword.
Massage has far-reaching medical applications.
They fell out of favor.
The account of his speech that was given on the evening news made the governor furious.
Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet.
I discovered what to do.
Victorian furniture is an interest of mine.
He came from France.
He only invests in large well-established companies.
"I remember the concert clearly, but I can't recollect why I was there."
He took a course in basket weaving.
It was an expensive watch with a diamond movement.
"She's my love, my life."
"He had been multiplying, but it occurred to him he needed to resolve the exponents, first."
The laboratory included an elaborate setup for measuring the energy.
"He was an admirable poet, and thought even to have approached Homer. -- Sir William Temple."
The forces of evil.
I feel I hardly know him; I just wish he'd communicate with me a little more.
Let's gather in the dining room.
The balloon floated off into the distance.
Recent developments in Iraq.
"Unremitting pursuit of wealth doesn't bring happiness, particularly if successful."
She was called into the director's office.
A gossip session.
That old piano is just a big dust collector.
Get to the point.
The mayor proposed extensive cuts in the city budget.
In the deep of night.
He held me up at the point of a gun.
The drawer rolled open.
Point the letter.
That laboratory researches topics at the forefront of technology.
Crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil.
The nurse vaccinated the children in the school.
The light of my life.
Freeze the leftover food.
Order me some flowers.
He read a transcript of the interrogation.
Try the yak butter.
In 1992 Perot tried to organize a third party at the national level.
The program was on the air from 9 til midnight.
A defensive formation.
We went to see the Eiffel Tower in the morning.
An opportunity opened up.
Clear snow from the road.
Pack the books into the boxes.
Fall in love.
She classified the works as 'dangerous'.
This old radio doesn't work anymore.
Those clouds show little sign of raining soon.
His crash through the window.
He caught the allusion in her glance.
A body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon.
Please develop this roll of film.
I gave her my money.
Victorian furniture is an interest of mine.
His lectures have no structure.
Come down here!
She keeps a sixpack and a week's worth of supplies in the refrigerator.
She admitted us.
He bought a lot on the lake.
"After the trial period, she was asked to stay on and work full-time."
Atheists do not enjoy a favorable position in American life.
She played the part of Desdemona.
It feels nice to be home again.
Political fatigue.
He bought a shag rug.
He attempted to plug the leaks with some caulk.
"In the fifth inning, the Giants struck, sending three runners home to win the game 5 to 2."
"John spends two hours a day studying openings, and another two hours studying endgames."
I can count my colleagues in the opposition.
"She assumed indifference, even though she was seething with anger."
He washed the dirt from his coat.
He gave the hood a quick rub.
The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice.
He will hold office until the spring of next year.
Cut a caper.
I have two years left.
You'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that.
200 head of cattle.
He had a number of chores to do.
Is your husband working again?
Raise the price of bread.
There was a baseball game on every empty lot.
He enjoyed the street noises.
"Driver, noun: one who drives."
I attacked the problem as soon as I got out of bed.
I rubbed the cloth over the glass.
They announced a two-for-one split of the common stock.
He suffered the penalty.
Deliver the package to my home.
Give priority to.
The Aztecs immolated human victims.
He spent the day drawing in the garden.
The law is still in effect.
The hydrogen binds the oxygen.
It brought out his better side.
They tested his ability to locate objects in space.
He was arrested and taken down to Sun Hill nick police station to be charged.
He can not sing in tune.
Face the lapels of the jacket.
A leopard's spots.
Take the case of China.
This story held our interest.
We thought to return early that night.
The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks.
Today is beautiful.
Doug removed the smudges.
He paid all his bills by check.
The new dean calls meetings every week.
She aired her opinions on welfare.
The crowd converged on the movie star.
We know this movie.
He was often taken to be a man of means.
It was the death of all his plans.
We must stand or fall.
I have a hunger to win.
Mother couldn't unravel the ball of wool after the cat had played with it.
He drives a bread truck.
They fondled in the back seat of the taxi.
Look on the bright side.
"A normal year has 365 full days, but there are 366 days in a leap year."
Their debts finally drove them to sell the business.
The car burns only Diesel oil.
"A circle is the locus of points from which the distance to the center is a given value, the radius."
She drove me to school every day.
I caught some Z's on the train.
There are some who question the scale of our ambitions.
There is no life on the moon.
The new railroad will connect the northern part of the state to the southern part.
She rejected his advances.
We can not admit non-members into our club building.
Raised edges.
He has a thing about seafood.
He betrayed their trust.
There's a lot of trash on the bed of the river.
The old oak tree has been shattered by lightning.
He knows my bad points as well as my good points.
I think he is very smart.
The student was kept after school.
Put your books on top of the desk.
"As the businessman rounded the corner, she thought, ""Here comes another trick.""."
Increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases.
She drew an elephant.
The bride's train was carried by her two young nephews.
He restored my lost faith in him by doing a good deed.
A defensive formation.
My property begins with the three maple trees.
We avoided the area.
She is pressing her opponent but will eventually lose.
In England they call a period a stop.
I can not accept your invitation.
Most coal and ore comes from open-pit mines nowadays.
She answered the door.
"Although he saw it in a different light, he still did not understand."
A training session.
He shovelled in the backyard all afternoon long.
Raise a family.
Mother took our plates away and came back with some fruit for us to eat.
You'll be sent home if you pull another stunt like that.
Haul stones.
The first winter storm broke over New York.
A life of luxury and ease.
Christmas falls on a Monday this year.
This action swung many votes over to his side.
When was the last time we went out? I don't remember.
Dew dripped from the face of the leaf.
He took off his shoes.
He watched the impression of the seal on the hot wax.
He caught her staring out the window.
"The postman has been today, but my tickets have still not yet come."
Take the gun from your pocket.
The instruments ranged from tuba to cymbals.
Keep count.
I have some free time tonight so I think I'll catch a movie.
We focused on it.
What do we have here?
All the world loves a lover.
He passed all the exams with ease.
I lived through two divorces.
You'll need to focus the microscope carefully in order to capture the full detail of this surface.
The sale will run for ten days.
The end of the pier.
Most politicians have joined a party.
Finished the test only with great difficulty.
He appointed himself emperor for life.
The shoes came untied.
The flap of a wing.
He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison.
Their hands touched.
I paid a high price for my folly.
This paper carries a restaurant review.
I can not keep track of all my employees.
Drink was his downfall.
Herman connected the computers.
To whet one's appetite or one's courage.
The book lies on the table.
His dreams all turned to smoke.
A vast system of production and distribution and consumption keep the country going.
The accord of light and shade in painting.
Your son has been writing on the wall.
The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word.
The song of bullets was in the air.
The opening established the basic theme.
That noise is because the amplifier is not properly earthed.
Her death came as a terrible shock.
We had to simplify the instructions.
Gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible.
A large-scale farming operation.
The canteen holds fresh water.
Our children attend a public school in our neighborhood.
Jane threw dinner together.
My wife never worked.
The space between his teeth.
They split the loot three ways.
Start a foundation.
Fred is becoming a bum -- he's not even bothering to work more than once a month.
"Charge all weapons, shields, and banners."
We liked to chat while we were eating.
It must be getting more serious.
I can never remember movie titles.
The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times.
Pull the rope.
There were many demands on his time.
I lifted the books.
He held the title for two years.
This computer will connect well to the network.
The problem with achievement tests is the narrowness they impose on students.
The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect.
Pack the faucet.
The con man always evades.
I've got a job for you -- could you wash the dishes?
Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches.
A place in my heart.
Tongues of flame licked at the walls.
He needed a piece of granite.
I expect the house to be spotless upon my return.
Drive the forest.
The cast stood in line for the curtain call.
You should remove the stones from prunes before cooking.
The butter cream smothered the cake.
He appointed himself emperor for life.
A funny thing happened on the way to the ...
"I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department, but not the authority to sack them."
To set pear trees in an orchard.
Staple fibers vary widely in length.
The author finally tamed some of his potentially offensive statements.
He drank a cup of coffee.
He began in a conversational tone.
Pull the string gently.
Her voice broke to a whisper when she started to talk about her children.
This pipe admits air.
Keep appointments.
Gielgud played Hamlet.
He has an unlisted number.
The mother of three children.
They fell out of favor.
Get someone mad.
Give a course.
The participants in the experiment were drawn from a representative population.
Cancer survivors who got radiation treatments as children have nearly twice the risk of developing diabetes as adults.
The delicate cast of his features.
In the common interest.
"The newsman wanted to break a big story, something that would make him famous."
Our exertions ensured us a good outcome.
We will refer to the plane of the graph as the X-Y plane.
She admitted us.
He implemented a new economic plan.
The jar carries wine.
Stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it.
The boss is gon na give her the sack today.
I have two years left.
"Yesterday we did a run of 12,000 units."
He didn't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands.
Clarify the butter.
A few important questions were raised after the attack.
Ivory turns well.
The pyramids were built with large stone blocks.
How many cars does she have?
I don't care.
I know him under a different name.
Statute of limitations.
He caught the allusion in her glance.
Chew with your mouth shut -- were you raised in a barn?
That song put me in awful good humor.
"If he catches you on the chin, you'll be on the mat."
The principal disbanded the political student organization.
Amanda carried the package from home.
My computer connected to his computer.
Preparations for the ceremony had begun.
One mistake brought shame to all his family.
He financed his home purchase through a local credit union.
This will save you a lot of time.
At what time does your train leave?
Blow now!
Beat a path through the forest.
There was only one piece of furniture in the room.
Cut a movie scene.
A white color is made up of many different wavelengths of light.
Lots of folks like to travel during the holidays.
To say they have priority is not to say they have complete hegemony.
She was granted leave to speak.
If you hurry you'll catch the post.
Draw wire.
X = \frac -b \pm \sqrtb^2-4ac2a is a formula for finding the roots of the quadratic equation ax2 + bx + c = 0.
Tap an M3 thread all the way through the hole.
"After fighting for so long, she finally resigned to her death."
The bride's train was carried by her two young nephews.
A friend in New Mexico said that the order caused no trouble out there.
Post a warning.
Are you all right? You've hardly touched your lunch.
His coin collection included the complete series of Indian-head pennies.
Open a window and let in some air.
The wee small voice of conscience.
She had a feeling of euphoria.
This move will save money.
Doug removed the smudges.
The dangerous situation developed suddenly.
He plays on three teams.
He was at the head of the column.
A padded chair was one of the room's few comforts.
Their conversation was limited to ulteriorities.
She wants to leave.
We had to scrub our vacation plans.
The floor of the cave.
The most difficult task fell on the youngest member of the team.
He had lost control of his sphincters.
A length of timber.
Follow the road.
We focused on what he wanted.
He paid me 5000 pounds for the car.
How much do you make a month in your new job?
Recent developments in Iraq.
Crowds packed the stands.
The mechanism of infection.
The teacher charged the children to memorize the poem.
I taught them French.
Get a life.
Use the plastic bags to store the food.
He had a time holding back the tears.
Stake your goat.
That was not the case.
The singer obliged with another song.
Acetylcholine is an agonist at the a cholinergic receptor.
He hoped for a new life in Australia.
I left my keys inside the car and locked the doors.
She saved the old family photographs in a drawer.
I'm not ready to run a marathon.
Where did she get these news?
The second officer covered the top floor.
A bad reaction to the medicine.
"Security, stability, and efficiency are good qualities of an operating system."
He made a fool of himself at the meeting.
His demands for attention were unceasing.
Sound the alarm.
Answer a question.
"The small shirt doesn't fit me, so I'll buy the medium size."
"The dog acts ferocious, but he is really afraid of people."
They were struck with fear.
He just did it for effect.
The day went well until I got your call.
There was a connection between eating that pickle and having that nightmare.
The offensive linemen tried to block the blitz.
Insurance provided protection against loss of wages due to illness.
Did you finally connect with your long-lost cousin?
These dresses run small.
Infection can cause a lupus flare.
She was the picture of despair.
He could do ten at a clip.
He determined the upper bound with Descartes' rule of signs.
The prisoners made their escape by digging a tunnel.
My father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege.
The sky cleared after the storm.
You should enter marriage for love.
He loaded his gun carefully.
A loaf of cheese.
The swollen river washed away the footbridge.
It's quite an art.
The general tone of articles appearing in the newspapers is that the government should withdraw.
She starched her blouses.
Clubs were declared trumps.
He took a wild swing at my head.
She went through a lot of trouble.
Figo is toying with the English defence.
Cut and paste the sentence in the text.
A single shot was fired and the bird dropped from the sky.
He saw action in Korea.
I've got to go to the head.
A lengthy hospital stay.
She sticks to her principles.
They rode the trade winds going west.
The local Mafia won't touch gambling.
The spread between lending and borrowing costs.
The wool on my arm produced a strange feeling.
Do you take sugar in your coffee?
He was dressed in the latest fashions.
Cover the meat with a lot of gravy.
Catch the mood.
Play cards.
This method doesn't work.
Seek a position.
"Can I have a dozen eggs, please?"
How great thou art!
Make advances.
Which side of the tray shall I put it on?
The announcement of the election recount caused a lot of noise.
Historians can only point out those lines for which evidence is available.
I will check up on the car tomorrow.
"It has been three years since my grandmother died. (similar to My grandmother died three years ago, but emphasizes the intervening period)."
A patch of clouds.
Strike coins.
Swimming in the buff.
Fatigue sapped his strength.
I can't back this plan.
They brought us a round of drinks about every thirty minutes.
A good hand.
Things began breaking bad for him when his parents died.
He couldn't get the top off of the bottle.
He had to get his mother to write an excuse for him.
He took a course in basket weaving.
The sun sets early these days.
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses.
We accept the idea of universal health care.
At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $40.
I don't care what he does.
"He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat, which always annoyed his mother."
Beat one's breast.
A distant third.
Ninety-five rounds up to one hundred.
Raise the specter of unemployment.
"The smallest cardinal numbers are 0, 1, 2, and 3."
I want to know who is winning the game!
He doesn't know how to use a computer.
He was immobilized by conflict and indecision.
Christians refer to the mother of Jesus as the Virgin Mary.
When Roger Maris powered four home runs in one game his performance merits awe.
Thermal inactivation of serum samples.
The attempt to rescue the hostages failed miserably.
His testimony was a concoction.
He celebrated his 10th season with the ballet company.
It is not the local practice to wear shorts to dinner.
He painted scenes from everyday life.
Herman connected the computers together.
The pictures were at the same level.
Amanda carried the package from home.
They formed a small lunch society.
The loan carries a high interest rate.
"Unfortunately, the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride's train as they were walking down the aisle."
"She makes more than he does, and works longer hours than he does, but she still does most of the house-cleaning."
Flights of imagination.
John feared his mother's reaction when she saw the broken lamp.
"The hillside was bright green, shading towards gold in the drier areas."
She cut all of her major titles again.
I will carry the secret to my grave.
His opponent cut upward toward his chin.
We did not eat until 10 P.M. because there were so many phone calls.
What was your score on your homework?
The queen assumed the stately robes.
The princess turned the frog into a prince by kissing him.
Amanda carried the package to New York.
"She always runs to Italy, because she has a lover there."
These days it is not unusual.
She is 4 years old.
Wayne cut.
Develop land.
The Jews are dispersed among all nations.
The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it.
Gather some stones.
He stuffed his mouth with candy.
Intellectual bankruptcy.
A cot for a sore finger.
Take vengeance.
They had to reinforce the center.
He waited a long time.
She threw herself forwards.
He made a great splash and then disappeared.
Clear the leaves from the lawn.
Ivory turns well.
It is a remarkable thing.
Died for the sake of his country.
Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction.
It is their practice to give annual raises.
Continuous change results in lack of memorability.
The old car needed a new set of shocks.
Cut trenches.
The train hit the buffers with a great shock.
To gain sight of land.
The noisy voice of the waterfall.
He edged towards the car.
The bridge held.
The pianist strikes a middle C.
He is not living at home because he is doing time.
We do business all over the world.
He was a successful pianist in his day.
He had served in financial planning positions.
There was a small opening between the trees.
I understand what she means.
She never worked because she inherited a lot of money.
They carried a vast inventory of hardware.
The horse threw its rider.
The chain of command.
They tried to boost sales.
The car crashed through the glass door.
I carry these thoughts in the back of my head.
They are constantly quibbling over insignificant details.
He washed his face.
Each geometric construction must be exact; eyeballing it and getting close does not count.
This chair has got to go.
A ship draws ten feet of water.
He hasn't got the sense God gave little green apples.
She didn't get the joke.
A person of considerable account.
You haven't got the heart for baseball.
The enemy fire is increasing -- can we get some immediate coverage from those bunkers?
See whether you can come tomorrow.
It is really not my place to say what is right and wrong in this case.
There are 360 degrees in a circle.
He called four times.
We've known each other for ages.
Insiders said the company's stock was in play.
He comes from humble origins.
This kind of work exhausts me.
Life depends on many chemical and physical processes.
Who's running for treasurer this year?
The smell stayed in the room.
He shot seventeen stills.
A terrible feeling of ulteriority.
The waitresses looked like missionaries in drag.
Why the sad face?
The play ran for 100 performances.
The cab rode him downtown.
The tree was clearly defined by the light.
He slipped on the ice and broke his leg.
Normalize the temperature.
The buildup of leaves blocked the drain pipes.
She snapped a picture of the President.
He is the beneficiary of a generous trust set up by his father.
The lyrics were written by the composer.
The weakness of the span was overlooked until it collapsed.
This wool makes into a nice sweater.
Everyone trusted him with their confidences.
The lawyer had a background in computer science.
A scream came from the woman's mouth.
I used to get sick when I ate in that dining hall.
He put a quarter in the slot.
What is the point of discussing it?
In English the subject and the verb must agree in number.
Herman connected the computers together.
What is the point of discussing it?
A leak in a boat.
He poured a shot of whiskey.
Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road.
He is fun to have around.
The bear stores fat for the period of hibernation when he doesn't eat.
"On the one hand ..., but on the other hand ..."
There wasn't a breath of air in the room.
The government provides support to the arts in several ways.
He stepped into the light.
Call roll.
His cancer is in remission.
A smell of chemicals in the air.
"Okay, but this is the last time. No more after that!"
The principles of democracy.
"Get me those books over there, please."
What's holding that mirror?
She didn't get the joke.
The United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues.
Will I get charged for this service?
Set the table.
They agreed to see each other at the bus stop.
These computers connected well.
Play football.
There were some cows grazing in a field.
He responded with a lift of his eyebrow.
Can you locate your cousins in the Midwest?
These new shoes are killing me!
Medals were bestowed on the winning team.
We imputed this quotation to Shakespeare.
Play the races.
This train is carrying nuclear waste.
He congratulated them on their development of a plan to meet the emergency.
A conflict of loyalties.
Jim plays the trombone very well.
Get a life.
This time he succeeded.
Amanda carried the package.
"If he doesn't pay off the mafia, he'll wear cement shoes to the bottom of the drink!"
A political system with no place for the less prominent groups.
David Beckham's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237.
It came as a shock to learn that he was injured.
"I was not carrying cash, so I wrote a check for the amount."
"If you don't give me a reason to go with you, I won't."
Please consider your family.
Please stay the bloodshed!
How should I take this message?
The boys were playing kickball in the mud.
Hearts were trumps.
He worked in the coal beds.
The system broke down under excessive loads.
The significance of his remark became clear only later.
The job fell right in my lap.
Dress the surface smooth.
Check out the engine.
"I poised the crowbar in my hand, and waited."
We only use Spanish at home.
You can not believe this man.
Accept students for graduate study.
He attempted to plug the leaks with some caulk.
Ellen told Helen about the situation.
The earth's rotation about its axis is responsible for its being slightly oblate rather than a sphere.
I got a computer from my parents for my birthday.
Cut the engine.
"They're blind to the damage they do, but someday they'll see."
His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue.
These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge.
He plays on three teams.
Carmen purchased a dress for $50.
Amanda carried the package from home to New York.
The ship landed in Pearl Harbor.
The soft metal works well.
Surrender fires the cold skepticism.
I've painted my room in five lovely shades of pink and chartreuse.
Keep going in the same direction.
He took a shower after the game.
He got a good deal on his car.
A sugar cube.
An air of mystery.
Spring is the time of the year most species reproduce.
Be sure that the safety is set before proceeding.
A dedicated line.
Write your name in the space provided.
They concocted a plot to discredit the governor.
After two raises there was a call.
She dropped acid when she was a teenager.
In God We Trust -- written on denominations of US currency.
A man of pleasing or insinuating address.
We drove to the university every morning.
She was an invitation to trouble.
They had a window of less than an hour when an attack would have succeeded.
He rented an office in the new building.
He began early in the day.
They made a cover of a Beatles' song.
Slit the throat of the victim.
He plays on three teams.
He blocked the basketball player's shot.
He demanded his split before they disbanded.
She said her 'Hail Mary'.
All hands on deck.
A huge bank of earth.
I spent an hour at lunch.
The woman is walking.
Computers are now widely used in business.
The contract runs through 2008.
Can you shed light on this problem?
The gun was steadied on a special rest.
Sent via post.
"To apply for the position, complete the application form."
They come from a faraway land.
It was 40 love.
"Latin has six cases, and remnants of a seventh."
The many hardships of frontier life.
He got out of line.
This may answer her needs.
Give her recognition for trying.
A racially integrated business concern.
In the days of sailing ships.
These new shoes are killing me!
In the political orbit of a world power.
The cabinetmaker used a plane for the finish work.
Dew dripped from the face of the leaf.
Block a garment.
"The postman has been today, but my tickets have still not yet come."
He had a cold last week.
What's the damage? he asked the waiter.
"The car is so dirty, we need to wash it."
He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude.
I rubbed my hands together for warmth.
The ball rolled down the hill.
Two streams of development run through American history.
The cannibal's teeth were filed to sharp points.
That kid is a terrible pain.
He needed a piece of granite.
Run rogue.
They were assigned to kitchen fatigues.
Ellen told Helen how to avoid the crowd.
He was often taken to be a man of means.
He and his sons haven't communicated for years.
Many soldiers fell at Verdun.
The gardener grew that acorn into an oak tree.
Life depends on many chemical and physical processes.
Life depends on many chemical and physical processes.
The American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
She gave herself to many men.
I carried three heavy bags of shopping up the stairs.
Hold the bridge against the enemy's attacks.
I found the movie rather entertaining.
"""The tintinnabulation that so voluminously swells from the ringing and the dinging of the bells"" -- E. A. Poe."
Do you think the sofa will go through the door?
They were friends and it was no matter who won the games.
I can not keep track of all my employees.
He edited the news footage.
The preface contained an acknowledgment of those who had helped her.
In the political orbit of a world power.
The likelihood is that the inflation rate will continue to rise.
Ivory turns well.
Music of Turkish derivation.
Declare bankruptcy.
This puzzle will exercise your mind.
A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks.
She beat some tough competition for the number one slot.
The moon orbits around the Earth.
The unidentified plant bore gorgeous flowers.
"The mercury there has averaged 37.6C, 2.3C above the February norm."
The door opened.
To promote the optimization and diversification of agricultural products.
Enter a drug treatment program.
Your wish will come true.
We spread our sleeping bags on the dry floor of the tent.
He gave his life for his children.
Keep smiling.
The teacher struck the child.
There's little to earn and many to keep.
The loan carries a high interest rate.
The voice of the law.
Disengage the gears.
They developed a new technique.
We're expecting a large party from the London office.
He gave me a lift home.
One mistake brought shame to all his family.
The quota for Japanese imports was negotiated.
He and his sons haven't communicated for years.
Pottery was his life.
The thought struck terror in our minds.
Air the old winter clothes.
Trim the photograph.
She failed in her obligations as a good daughter-in-law.
I won't have this dog in my house!
She bought a lovely piece of china.
The quality of students has risen.
Turn a somersault.
What possessed you to buy this house?
The iron interests stepped up production.
His freedom served him well.
The muskets popped away on all sides.
Many countries in Asia are now developing at a very fast pace.
The valley was between two ranges of hills.
He is so disgusting he makes my skin crawl.
Block the wheels of a car.
We rotate the crops so as to maximize the use of the soil.
They cut down a stand of trees.
"Papra krona -- paper krona (i.e., bills, banknotes)."
"The bunkers faced north and east, toward Germany."
The battle was won except for cleaning up pockets of resistance.
He comes from a place near Chicago.
The planes don't connect and you will have to wait for four hours.
Are your people still alive?
The hegemony of a single member state is not incompatible with a genuine confederation.
He threw a rock at me.
The band returned to the stage to play an encore.
He's a very snappy dresser.
Turn the heat down.
You haven't got the heart for baseball.
James's affinity with Sam.
The Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England.
The flock of birds took to the air.
He applied for a leave of absence.
She admitted us here.
The pianist kept time with the metronome.
After he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter.
The terrorists seized the politicians.
He made a motion to adjourn.
Can I have a word with you?
The ducklings followed their mother around the pond.
Check the oil in your car once a month.
He made a fool of himself at the meeting.
The house looks north.
The medical resident finished a two-week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics.
I concluded from his awkward constructions that he was a foreigner.
What do we have here?
Her inclination is for classical music.
People actually accomplish more when they take time for short rests.
This position demands a lot of personal sacrifice.
Let the dogs run free.
Cut orders.
The thunder rolled.
We rotate the lead soprano every night.
News came in of the massacre in Rwanda.
She went through a lot of trouble.
Block trains.
A piano was in one corner of the room.
Try the yak butter.
Conservatism has many voices.
Hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes.
Smith converted and his team won.
She knew of our plan.
Play with her feelings.
Get nauseous.
The acquisition of wealth.
Stand up for yourself -- don't be such a baby!
Carter followed Ford.
He has a house on Cape Cod.
Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches.
He always puts a smile on my face.
"Pack the shirts in dozens, please."
Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales.
The unruly student was excluded from the game.
She never touched her husband.
Lift potatoes.
Show me where the business was today.
"I meant to take the car in for a smog check, but it slipped my mind."
A grain of sand.
The soldiers were put on fatigue to teach them a lesson.
The sun heats the oceans.
Ellen told Helen about the situation.
She freshened up after the tennis game.
I mean no harm.
The miasma of the marshes.
We took an apartment on a quiet street.
Draw a conclusion.
The child's breath came quickly and unevenly.
Evidence contradicted the government's claims.
He came singing down the road.
Her favorite subject is physics.
The boxer struck the attacker dead.
He underestimated the work that went into the renovation.
Drag this icon to the lower right hand corner of the screen.
The head of the stairs.
He came through the door.
At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $40.
The ball rolled into the corner pocket.
The old lady is boarding three men.
Saddam Hussein was rumored to have many doubles.
The contractor builds houses for $100.
Pay an obligation.
He has tried several different word processing applications.
He drew a heart and called it a valentine.
The bridge held.
The hollow of the hand or of a tree.
He threw a rock at me.
We did 6 miles on our hike every day.
The bus we travelled in broke down on the way to town.
They rode to the end of the line.
He suffered the penalty.
Is your husband working again?
He ran away from home to join the circus.
You were in the courtroom. What is your reaction?
"He's such a poor cook, I can't believe he's still in business!"
A dedicated line.
We cut through the neighbor's yard to get home sooner.
It was not possible to complete the computation in a single pass.
Make one's way into the forest.
We had a wonderful time at the party.
He put the lamp back in its place.
Herman connected the computers together.
He rose to prominence through a series of shady deals.
These luxuries all had to go under the Khmer Rouge.
"Every day at two o'clock, he sends his secretary out to buy him a coffee."
The company laid off all the workers when they tried to unionize.
She liked to spread butter on her toast while it was still hot.
"In summer, it is possible to hike to the summit of Mt. Shasta."
They played as long as it was light.
John Doe's old age and stubborn aversion to new ideas make him a curmudgeon of a candidate.
The ground feels shaky.
She reported several anonymous calls.
He worked for price stabilization for farm products.
Several Republicans dissented.
It is his persuasion that abortion should never be condoned.
This procedure produces a curious effect.
Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship.
Draw a conclusion.
"To carry well, i.e. to hold the head high, with arching neck."
The architect left space in front of the building.
The children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope.
The house is in order.
The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water.
The composition presents problems for students of musical form.
He came through the door.
A price war.
I'm having a run of bad luck.
Summerize your car.
Stefan was touched by the song's message of hope.
A bid for a lucrative transport contract.
She applied for college.
We hit Detroit by noon.
Run to the store!
She has a pretty face.
Get working as soon as the sun rises!
A bald spot.
Pay court to the emperor.
Read the advertisement.
Keep notes.
The foot of the page.
Tomorrow the doctor will take the cast off her arm.
Her comments struck a sour note.
"To enjoy the picnic, we stretched out on the grass."
I spent the time on worrying about the future.
Clothes make the man.
My father considered the commercialization of Christmas to be a sacrilege.
Reduce one's standard of living.
His reluctant delivery of bad news.
Campaigning in his own behalf.
Keep a diary.
I carry a lot of life insurance.
Processions were forbidden.
He hasn't got the sense God gave little green apples.
A drop of each sample was analyzed.
"Seeing the snake, the horse bolted."
"""The tintinnabulation that so voluminously swells from the ringing and the dinging of the bells"" -- E. A. Poe."
That store offers a variety of products.
The game is 6 all.
The woman does not even have one stick of furniture moved in yet.
We were approaching our destination.
A place in my heart.
Sanitize history.
A score were sent out but only one returned.
December 31 is the deadline for MBA applications.
See whether you can come tomorrow.
Crowds packed the stands.
I saw their laughing and joking.
Hit a ball.
The army maintains a missile range in the desert.
Origin in sensation.
Carry a cause.
How many credits is this student carrying?
Harvard University is a famous American postsecondary school.
He followed his lecture with a question and answer period.
Pull the handle towards you.
There are some who question the scale of our ambitions.
The parents assembled in the school hall.
The sky is a deep blue today.
There was only one piece of furniture in the room.
A dedicated line.
A round archway at the far end of the hallway provided communication to the main chamber.
Snap your fingers.
I'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday.
When he downloaded the free game it turned out to be a trojan.
The element of wildness in his behavior was a protest against repressive convention.
He tried to catch her eye.
Those were the days.
Call a football game.
It was too dark to determine his identity.
The medical resident finished a two-week rotation in pediatrics and began one in orthopaedics.
He went to the party dressed in drag.
"When news of their divorce broke, ..."
"People come and go, but the population of this town has remained approximately constant for the past decade."
They had to put their family pet to sleep.
Can we go camping again this summer?
Port arms!
Since he lacks originality he must rely on quotation.
I'm pulling for the underdog.
He broke off one of the branches.
The old man wanted to be masturbated by the prostitute.
She got a bruise on her leg.
He moved his hand slightly to the right.
Carry the suitcases to the car.
He went to the party dressed in drag.
I can't use this tool.
Hold your tongue.
They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still don't know what's wrong.
A bullet struck him.
Their devotion to each other was beautiful.
The troops carried the town after a brief fight.
"""Are we having a recording session?"" ""Yes. We've even got some session musicians to provide some brass.""."
Many saints suffered martyrdom.
"If I lose a few kilos, the gorgeous wedding dress might fit me."
Turn a key.
I always stretch my muscles before exercising.
"After graduation, she stayed on in Cambridge as a student adviser."
They forget to solder the contacts.
We had the chance to meet the president last week.
They made a cover of a Beatles' song.
She made the best score on compulsory figures.
This unpleasant situation isn't going to work itself out.
Are you all right? You've hardly touched your lunch.
It is down the road a piece.
This invention will make you a millionaire.
Catch some sleep.
From the house they watched the washout of their newly seeded lawn by the water.
As a result of the blowout we lost all the lights.
He had no documents confirming his title to his father's estate.
Whisk the eggs.
Take a scene.
The union was brought into submission.
To sophisticate wine. -- Howell.
They got a subpoena to examine our books.
200 head of cattle.
Might I beg leave to accompany you?
My lifelong goal is to get into a Hollywood movie.
"The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and, if leave be granted, to appeal against these sentences."
The product of 2 and 3 is 6.
The office was full of secret heads.
The store shelves held many different kinds of tea.
The deed was attested by the subscription of his signature.
Do you take sugar in your coffee?
He had a bowel movement.
The resolution of an equation.
I can read his feelings in his face.
You can't take credit for this!
You are blocking the name of your first wife!
Salt has a disposition to dissolve in water.
He wrote several plays but only one was produced on Broadway.
The curator classified the artifacts.
Your rights stop where you infringe upon the rights of other.
The sky cleared.
The art of conversation.
Dress the victim's wounds.
The pirate choked the sailor to death.
The children teased the new teacher.
If I had my way.
"I tried to make a call, but the line was dead."
Units of nucleic acids.
The wind backed.
We have given it at the end of the section since it involves the calculus.
The film runs 5 hours.
There was a note of gaiety in her manner.
Take time to smell the roses.
"The plane got clearance from air traffic control, and we were off."
One end of the box was marked 'This side up'.
This is the one I ordered.
I erased that note because it was wrong.
Extend the TV antenna.
My computer is too old to run the new OS.
That's the size of the situation.
Denim has a tendency to fade.
There were only 17 votes in favor of the motion.
The caravan covered almost 100 miles each day.
Estimates for the losses in the earthquake range as high as $2 billion.
Powerful telescopes look far back into the distant reaches of the Universe.
He said his voices told him to do it.
This car does 150 miles per hour.
No mask could conceal his ignorance.
The victor's grace in treating the vanquished.
A lazy bum.
Charge a conductor.
He used all his conversational weapons.
The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring.
She found that he had lied to her.
The tramp of military boots.
His voice is breaking -- he should no longer sing in the choir.
Check whether this page has a watermark.
"""Where is my umbrella?"" ""The toolshed is in the back."""
This milk has turned; it smells awful.
Raised edges.
We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements.
Convert lead into gold.
As he waited he could feel the air on his neck.
Stomach walls.
An example sentence would show what this word means.
I used to get things done.
This flower is known as a Peruvian Lily.
Who's playing now?
Amanda carried the package.
His contention contains more than an echo of Rousseau.
The water came to a boil.
"The total is $25,715 but to keep the figures simple, I'll round it down to $25,000."
The finance section of the company.
They played games on their opponents.
The president's remarks left us speechless.
The book holds in store much valuable advise.
The head of the whole operation.
Who started this company?
Correct the mistakes.
The sunlight reached the wall.
Light fell on her face.
There are 8 bits in a byte.
Do you have a light?
This antique vase can never be replaced.
She uses her influential friends to get jobs.
* For ends generally acknowledged to be good. -- Thomas Macaulay.
The walls were covered with pictures.
A block of stone.
Hastened the period of time of his recovery.
The idea of a vacation appeals to me.
He came from France.
Don't feed him any more: he's had his fill.
I can only stay for an hour.
A reading was taken of the earth's tremors.
She got a job in the historical section of the Treasury.
A poor sport.
He had to clean up the leak.
One must pit a peach to make it ready for a pie.
I think that he is her boyfriend.
The teacher asked how many people made up his home.
I have you on my calendar for next Monday.
I wanted to create an impression of success.
This patient provides a typical example of the syndrome.
What are you driving at?
She shifted slightly in her seat.
The institution of slavery.
We compared notes after we had both seen the movie.
You make me feel naked.
He bought his brother's business.
The dawn turned night into day.
"The ""war on terror"" is a campaign against terrorist crime."
Catch one's breath.
The economy crashed.
The ends justify the means.
She got stoned to death after they found her.
A torrent of abuse.
She writes books for children.
To seize smuggled goods.
It is almost eight.
He charged his weapon at me.
He was the last to leave.
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.
The team enjoyed a brief run of victories.
The evidence supports the defendant.
The upward trend of stock-market prices.
This play stimulates.
He operated a bank of switches.
He came after a few minutes.
He gestured for silence.
"The cow stood, quietly masticating its cud."
The head of the stairs.
Do you know what time it is?
They worked on the task.
The car's dull finish showed years of neglect.
Jones hit for the pitcher.
Keep my job for me while I give birth.
A member of his own faith contradicted him.
A flower arrangement.
The difference in her is amazing.
He makes a great host.
"The newsman wanted to break a big story, something that would make him famous."
"""Are we having a recording session?"" ""Yes. We've even got some session musicians to provide some brass.""."
There was a lot of noise in the kitchen.
Think what a scene it must have been!
He booked their seats in advance.
He requested an audience with the king.
He is not living at home because he is doing time.
Homo sapiens appeared millions of years ago.
To say the same thing in other terms.
Empty the water.
I have some free time tonight so I think I'll catch a movie.
He was famous for his reading of Mozart.
The face of this company.
They painted all four sides of the house.
A sense of happiness.
He and his sons haven't communicated for years.
The blood shed started when the partisans launched a surprise attack.
Who are these people running around in the building?
He asked for a drink of water.
The vocabulary of any language is influenced by contacts with other cultures.
Throw a javelin.
Doesn't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny?
She had heard her fill of gossip.
"""Are we having a recording session?"" ""Yes. We've even got some session musicians to provide some brass.""."
We barely made the plane.
The speed with which a program can be executed depends on the language in which it is written.
His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage.
The government floated the ruble for a few months.
Early Mayan civilization.
I had to stay at home and watch the children.
A colitis flare.
It can perform millions of operations per second.
The lawyer took a cut of the profits.
Softness is not something permitted of good leaders.
Window of opportunity.
He took a header into the shrubbery.
Pancake syrup.
This should cover everyone in the group.
A wall of smoke.
The statue stood on the corner.
"Registrations cracked through the 30,000 mark in the county."
The Thanksgiving feast.
He predicted that although it is of small account now it will rapidly increase in importance.
He stood at the back of the stage.
The enemy offered little resistance.
The key to development is economic integration.
The instruments ranged from tuba to cymbals.
A leak in a roof.
First you have to cut off the water.
It's common sense not to put metal objects in a microwave oven.
One of the qualities of pure iron is that it does not rust easily.
He jumped into the drink and had to be rescued.
There is a hurricane in the vicinity of the Bahamas.
Play cards.
The storm grounded the ship.
There was a disturbance of neural function.
Dress the plants in the garden.
He cried his merchandise in the market square.
I was doing dwelling in the cave.
Fire was one of our ancestors' first discoveries.
"She's my love, my life."
"I remember the concert clearly, but I can't recollect why I was there."
He has powerful connections.
I want to know who is winning the game!
Drill for oil.
"To purchase land, to purchase a house."
He spent hours looking for the source of that quotation.
I've been here for 2 days and a bit.
All you ever think about is sex.
His good luck finally left him.
We drive the turnpike to work.
Spassky developed quickly.
A critical time in the school's history.
The pit floor showed where a ring of post holes had been.
In the common interest.
A model of clarity.
The house was built around an inner court.
Such land is practical for small park developments.
The shoes came untied.
Functional analysis is best approached through a sound knowledge of Hilbert space theory.
Can the child dress by herself?
Movement is a sign of life.
They come from a faraway land.
The trunk was full of stuff.
Follow the trail.
"Your orders have been executed, sir!"
Lift his ego.
The dawn of recorded history.
The machinery of command labored and brought forth an order.
The entertainers served up a lively show.
"The Germans struck Poland on Sept. 1, 1939."
The rain started at 9:00.
A hammer strikes against the bell of a clock.
The lightning was hot enough to melt the sand.
The alchemists tried to turn lead into gold.
A heroic figure.
Tension holds the belt in the pulleys.
Common sense is not so common.
The dog was taught to fetch and carry.
The poison of fascism.
She prepared a three course meal.
Cut a nice figure.
"My hearing isn't what it used to be, but I still heard that noise."
To arouse compassion.
I stretched the rubber band until it almost broke.
Come into the room.
Match my sweater.
A pair of posts marked the goal.
The dictionary's coverage of standard English is excellent.
"If he catches you on the chin, you'll be on the mat."
Make advances.
She appeared on several charges of theft.
I baked a delicious cherry pie.
You'll pay for this!
He stared as she buttoned her top.
They fell out of favor.
The song of the wind.
"I tried to make a call, but the line was dead."
They discussed plans for a new bond issue.
This permits the water to rush in.
The volume of exports.
A bad reaction to the medicine.
I can't help myself -- I have to smoke.
"What he said really hurt my feelings, but his apology sounded so sincere that I couldn't help but forgive him."
The escaped convict took to the hills.
The salesman's call on a customer.
Keep your temper.
The rider mounted his horse.
They made a check of their equipment.
The political picture is favorable.
Can you wash away the spots on the windows?
"I can tolerate working on Saturdays, but not on Sundays."
I'm afraid I don't understand what you mean.
She can hold an audience spellbound.
I wanted to attend the meeting but there's a conflict in my schedule that day.
A briar patch.
I left my keys inside the car and locked the doors.
He's held by a contract.
I love hearing the song of canary birds.
Render fat in a casserole.
She felt strong concern for those less fortunate.
The planets are orbiting the sun.
Dibs means I get the hammock.
Sound carries well over water.
That kid is a terrible pain.
Make a mistake.
Give her credit for trying.
A window case.
The set of prime numbers is infinite.
They worked from morning to night.
Rub oil into her skin.
"The farmer's field was a civil war battleground, and relics such a minnie bullets were frequently found while plowing."
Hold all calls to the President's office while he is in a meeting.
Witches were burned in Salem.
I have known him all his life.
She is turning 50 this year.
He admitted his guilt.
The sets were meticulously authentic.
I bought this top as it matches my jeans.
He kept trying to see my hand.
A good teacher is essential for a good education.
Might I beg leave to accompany you?
She plays on her clients' emotions.
Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw.
I saw her bake the cake.
Reading beats watching television.
That masquerade of misrepresentation which invariably accompanied the political eloquence of Rome -- Thomas de Quincey.
Raise hell.
I thought for three hours about the problem and still couldn't find the solution.
The day went well until I got your call.
Can you work an electric drill?
Break a law.
The etiolation of celery.
The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered.
I need some fresh air.
He was fun to be with.
News of her death broke in the morning.
To allow a servant his liberty.
Make water into wine.
Follow the trail.
I give you credit for owning up to your mistake.
Click! The door opened.
Cover the child with a blanket.
I can see a risk in this strategy.
That rule is no longer in operation.
His bare feet projected from his trousers.
Draw a line.
He avoided going to the area.
This door goes to the basement.
The emission was mostly blood.
"The bill came to $2,000."
Lift a load.
There was only one piece of furniture in the room.
He offered his opinion.
The product is undergoing a change in order to improve it.
Control an account.
The French doors give onto a terrace.
Draw parallels.
The worm crawls through the ground.
"If he catches you on the chin, you'll be on the mat."
Amanda carried the package from home to New York.
He made a motion to adjourn.
She is 4 years old.
The iron burnt a hole in my dress.
Her hair fell across her forehead.
Find the product of two numbers.
The judge stayed the execution order.
Who's playing now?
"All breeds of dog are variants of the species ""Canis lupus familiaris""."
You don't have the stuff to be a United States Marine.
It was a busy day on the stock exchange.
These pipes carry waste water into the river.
"Don't drill here, there's a gas pipe."
He blends in with the crowd.
He lives in the present with no thought of tomorrow.
My wife never worked.
She fell ill.
The relationship between mothers and their children.
I hung the clothes on the back of the door.
Hold your fire until you can see the whites of their eyes.
We all have a part to play.
He blocked the basketball player's shot.
Mouths which speak such foulness must be cleansed.
The incessant voices of the artillery.
The price of the house included all utilities.
She waved her gun.
Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice.
Raise the question of promotions.
There were irreconcilable differences.
They tracked him back toward the head of the stream.
When bending the elbow the triceps are the antagonist.
The kids played their music at full volume.
This approach has been tried with good results.
Bullets snapped past us.
You can not get water out of a stone.
He asked the waiter for the check.
I went to see my friend Mary the other day.
He drew an elaborate plan of attack.
Not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book.
The head of the hammer.
"Keep my seat, please."
I read this address as a satire.
She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth.
Raise a sad cry.
The dog pointed the dead duck.
He works his parents for sympathy.
Beat the subway fare.
From the depths of darkest Africa.
A unit of wheat is a bushel.
Cut paper dolls.
Spray water on someone.
A smell of chemicals in the air.
To admit a serious thought into the mind.
Next came the student from France.
The uniform looks like it belonged to a museum collection.
Field of view.
What he said was mostly bull.
Drive the forest.
He served in the Vietnam theater for three years.
Their manners had sophisticated the young girls.
The photo is a little dark in that area.
He took the new car for a spin.
We interrupt the program for the following messages.
This cuts into my earnings.
He wrote an interesting piece on Iran.
The Union action of emancipating Southern slaves.
The rumor had its origin in idle gossip.
Your place or mine?
The stock market drifted upward.
I'll probably see you at the meeting.
The President raised several million dollars for his college.
Catch the mood.
His part was right in the middle.
The expanded window will give us time to catch the thieves.
She made gravy with a base of beef stock.
Excitement grew as the finish neared.
His worry over the prospect of being fired.
A case of the jitters.
"After the Thanksgiving meal, Bill loosened his belt."
She cut all of her major titles again.
Flatten a road.
The rains came late that year.
Normalize the spelling.
We had to see a psychiatrist.
Please say your name slowly and clearly.
Can I get change for this $100 bill please?
"She drew $2,000 from the account."
It was a bum rap.
John wrote 15 sides for his essay!
Winnow the finalists from the long list of applicants.
Business is good today.
He got a refill for his ball-point pen.
Hold these truths to be self-evident.
She ran her fingers along the carved figurine.
He tested for the presence of radon.
They had to render the estate.
The jar had a wide mouth.
I mean to go to Baddeck this summer.
They hope to increase spaghetti production next year.
Weight loss.
The stuff of heros.
The American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $40.
What gives?
Have a lover.
Are you all right? You've hardly touched your lunch.
To arouse compassion.
Give her credit for trying.
The ball travelled 90 mph on his serve.
He uttered harsh language.
A few important questions were raised after the attack.
Sanitize history.
The growth in income translates into greater purchasing power.
Doug removed the smudges from the tabletop.
Stomach walls.
I start my day with a good breakfast.
I need to rest for a piece.
The south wall had a small window.
He put a quarter in the slot.
He volunteered the information.
The Turks erased the Armenians in 1915.
The growing imbalances between the rich and poor first lead to more crime.
He vouched his words by his deeds.
The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt.
His face was flushed with excitement and his hands trembled.
He gave an inaccurate account of the plot to kill the president.
Play games.
A moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject.
Barbecue over an open fire.
"I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department, but not the authority to sack them."
Genius usually follows a revolutionary path.
I didn't have time to finish.
The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home.
Party bosses have a reputation for corruption.
He had no clear picture of himself or his world.
The horse was not accustomed to a bit.
We made it!
The connection between overeating and obesity.
He lives in the next block.
He has tried several different word processing applications.
The family owned a large estate on Long Island.
Play it straight with no shtik.
The wind is coming from that quarter.
Mankind should develop reason above all other virtues.
He pushed her to finish her doctorate.
The vintner worked the wine in big oak vats.
Give him my best regards.
A land monopoly renders its holder(s) nearly almighty in an agricultural society.
Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer.
Mother took our plates away and came back with some fruit for us to eat.
There was a sudden wave of buying before the market closed.
It was snowing all night.
Pay attention.
Make friends.
Make a dress.
Think big.
I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news.
Bearing orders.
Could you see about lunch?
She acknowledged that she might have forgotten.
She was the most important influence in my life.
They were content to consult libraries. -- William Whewell.
John worked with Paul on the task.
I gave my coat to the beggar.
I only meant to help you.
Work the phones.
A body of doctrine.
The rubber ball bounced.
"Keep my seat, please."
It was destroyed by the strength of the gale.
We kept the work going as long as we could.
He made a backup in case the original was accidentally damaged or erased.
He bought a lot on the lake.
We took the road on the right.
Panic struck me.
The connection between overeating and obesity.
Break an alibi.
Signed a pledge never to reveal the secret.
Put three drops of oil into the mixture.
Within the compass of education.
The lock snapped shut.
We managed to squeeze through a crack in the rock wall.
The foot of the page.
She scored three points.
They moved their arms and legs and bodies.
He had a time holding back the tears.
Break the cycle of poverty.
The spaces are the notes F-A-C-E.
The bad weather continued for two more weeks.
Run the dishwasher.
"He made as if to punch him, but they both laughed and shook hands."
Bear gifts.
At his touch the room filled with lights.
Beat the table with his shoe.
Please turn down the volume on the stereo.
They worked at finishing the task.
We garaged the convertible during the monsoon months.
Sanitize the language in a book.
Start from the bottom and work towards the top.
Let it ride.
A multinational operation.
He blanched when he saw the size of the bill.
He doubted that was really what you meant.
Well-developed breasts.
They hope to increase spaghetti production next year.
In the days of the Roman Empire.
Although her popular image was contrived it served to inspire music and pageantry.
The Tithonian Age was the last in the Late Jurassic epoch.
There were more than a thousand words of text.
He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison.
His cut in the lining revealed the hidden jewels.
Time stops for nobody.
The entrance was guarded by ranks of policemen.
Throw a glance.
Under the umbrella of capitalism.
To raise somebody to office.
The foot of the mountain.
Raise Cain.
"He was a rotund, jolly man with a twinkle in his eye."
The dogs were too hot to touch.
The head of the list.
After the battle the soldier had trouble rejoining his unit.
She was singing while she was cooking.
I'll save you the trouble.
People gathered round as he began to tell his story.
I want to see results.
What's the damage? he asked the waiter.
A racially integrated business concern.
Give him a hand.
She was crushed by his refusal of her invitation.
Who are these people running around in the building?
The train hit the buffers with a great shock.
He learned to tolerate the heat.
The fox was flushed from its cover.
Figo is toying with the English defence.
It is vital that he not know.
Let them match their best athletes against ours.
Cut a Ping-Pong ball.
This racehorse is the strongest in a weak field.
Artillery provided cover fire for the withdrawal.
A sudden recognition of the problem he faced.
He is blind -- he can not see.
It requires vigilance on our part.
He planted a field of wheat.
"Off in the distance, he heard the clap of thunder."
"When he lectures, I can not follow."
Increasing recognition that diabetes frequently coexists with other chronic diseases.
Our dog sheds every Spring.
She got a job in the historical section of the Treasury.
They fought to regain the lost ground.
Candidates must compete in a trial of skill.
The wax melted in the sun.
A row of points.
She was working on her second martini when the guests arrived.
I wouldn't touch her with a ten-foot pole.
The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight.
He wears a size 13 shoe.
The luxury and corruption among the upper classes.
Business has been slow lately.
The horse threw its inexperienced rider.
Who broke into my account last night?
A man broken by the terrible experience of near-death.
This program will be seen all over the world.
A 'B' grade doesn't suffice to get me into medical school.
Drop me a line when you get there.
An inclusion in the cytoplasm of the cell.
The market was up at the finish.
The scholarship supported me when I was in college.
Only members will be admitted.
Make merry.
What price glory?
She felt sad after her loss.
He created a new movement in painting.
The gypsies roamed the woods.
Bill preceded John in the long line of Susan's husbands.
Wool has more body than rayon.
The teacher tried to increase his students' engagement in class activities.
Everyone trusted him with their confidences.
The engineer called round whilst you were away.
Spiritual bankruptcy.
You need four people to play this game.
A sample for ten days free trial.
In God We Trust-written on denominations of US currency.
Modern cheese graters have more than one side so the cheese can be sliced in different ways.
Settling a score.
Give the devil his due.
There is little hope that the two countries will normalize relations; their governments seem to hate each other and would just as soon stay on bad terms.
A good command of French.
The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers.
Marlene dressed herself.
The town became a beachhead in the campaign to ban smoking outdoors.
They are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights.
This pilot works the controls.
The ends justify the means.
She gave the boy a good spanking.
Booze will be the finish of him.
Take a test.
"I can tolerate working on Saturdays, but not on Sundays."
They say luck is a lady.
They broke into my car and stole my radio!
I understand wanting more.
I stretched the rubber band until it almost broke.
A drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index.
The French Academy.
Cesarean sections are sometimes the result of abnormal presentations.
He altered the complexion of his times.
This sucks!
The sum of forty pounds.
The police had been following him for weeks but they could not prove his involvement in the bombing.
The baby talks already.
Keep my job for me while I give birth.
The test grader takes off a point for every misspelled word.
Now put it into third.
He slipped through an opening in the crowd.
You can bet on that!
You'll pay for this opinion later.
This dough does not work easily.
Think what a scene it must have been!
The theater was her first love.
They held a sale to reduce their inventory.
She brushed the suit before hanging it back into the closet.
"Come in, out of the cold."
Cover the grave with flowers.
"""Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art"" -- Joseph Conrad."
It is not known who created this piece.
Grmata maks piecas kronas -- the book costs five krona.
I always stretch my muscles before exercising.
Stop the presses!
Set the tray down.
The team enjoyed a brief run of victories.
The corn shelled.
She has a thing about him.
"In Vermont, the leaves turn early."
"Quality of life is usually determined by health, education, and income."
Pull the handle towards you.
The racist conceives such people to be inferior.
His support kept the family together.
There was keen competition for the nomination.
Ninety-five rounds up to one hundred.
His friend's opinion had an impact on his decision.
Picasso's blue period.
A simple harmony written in major thirds.
"If you do not come to class, you will not get credit for the class, regardless of how well you do on the final."
The deterrent power of nuclear weapons.
The English language.
There were not enough seats for all the guests.
I don't care what he does.
The four noble truths summarise the main doctrines of Buddhism.
They had too much furniture for the small apartment.
I know it's time.
It was a closed area of employment.
The opening established the basic theme.
He drew a line on the chart.
Many telecommunication satellites orbit at 36000 km above the equator.
Herman connected the computers.
I only meant to help you.
This development played into her hands.
The language introduced is standard throughout the text.
Seek an education.
They held an inventory every month.
Winter comes after autumn.
To the limit of his ability.
Statute of limitations.
Take the gun from your pocket.
I've got a job for you -- could you wash the dishes?
She doesn't know this composer.
Events now in process.
A test of proficiency in English.
Three passengers were killed in the collision.
He had two deaths on his conscience.
Amanda carried the package from home to New York.
He's held by a contract.
They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still don't know what's wrong.
Stay put in the corner here!
The bugs pinged the lamp shade.
They built a fire at the mouth of the cave.
After watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue.
You are in no danger.
The major term of a syllogism must occur twice.
The dictionary had many pictures.
He screamed at the top of his lungs.
"To draw a memorial, a deed, or bill of exchange."
Elections will be held on the first Sunday of next month.
Shape a figure.
She passed the new Jersey Bar Exam and can practice law now.
This sweater is an all-wool number.
Marlene dressed herself.
Refine oil.
This car does 150 miles per hour.
A dedicated line.
Cut the rope.
Amanda carried the package to New York from home.
The airplane trimmed.
Air pollution.
An attack on inflation.
He mowed the lawn.
"Since blocks are often defined as a single sector, the terms 'block' and 'sector' are sometimes used interchangeably."
The bullet struck her thigh.
Put that light out!
The letter consisted of three short lines.
The face of the city is changing.
He stood the broom in a corner and took a break.
A congregation of children pleaded for his autograph.
Fall in love.
"He answered the first question willingly, the second reluctantly, and the third with resentment."
We need to replace the secretary that left a month ago.
The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow.
They drugged the kidnapped tourist.
"In this reaction, the acid and base will neutralize each other, producing a salt."
He called four times.
The room has a wooden floor.
The American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
I did no trades with them once the rumors started.
Pull the rope.
One foot caught in the stirrup.
This painting embodies the feelings of the Romantic period.
His conflict of interest made him ineligible for the post.
Repeated copying leads to a multiplication of errors.
A good boxer needs a good defense.
He is a crack shot.
He dragged the big suitcase behind him.
The light of my life.
The formation of pseudopods.
"Hey, buddy, you got a light?"
The reticulation of a photographic emulsion.
Process the applicants.
A conflict of loyalties.
Norm will strip the old varnish before painting the chair.
He had a religious experience.
Her hand stopped in mid air.
He doesn't have a home to go to.
The pharmacy is just on the right past the bookshop.
Give a gulp.
"""Gravitation can not be held responsible for people falling in love"" -- Albert Einstein."
"If you want to emphasise the shape, it is possible to gather the waistline."
Call roll.
"Even at the duel, standing 10 paces apart, he could have satisfied Aaron's honor."
Lexicography is one of my interests.
Don't run that software unless you have permission.
He filled out his tax form.
"He arrived five minutes late, but to his credit he did work an extra ten minutes at the end of his shift."
The car stopped.
The dog's laps were warm and wet.
She used to call her mother every week but now she calls only occasionally.
The face of this company.
Lots of people think so.
The system consists of a motor and a small computer.
The foot of the page.
Use this knife to slice the bread.
Line one's pockets.
She was burning with anger.
That song gets me so depressed every time I hear it.
Frugality and industry are still regarded as virtues.
Low visibility caused by fog.
Some say that communication is a necessary prerequisite for sentience; others say that it is a result thereof.
The sky is red this morning -- does that mean we're in for a storm?
He gave it a good looking at.
And in softness almost beyond hearing.
I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock.
A row of points.
God's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners.
The forces of reaction carried the election.
This guy can press 300 pounds.
She works as a waitress to put herself through college.
Demobilization of factories.
Have an assistant.
'o'clock' is a contraction of 'of the clock'.
I caught the aroma of coffee.
After watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue.
She went through a lot of trouble.
He paid me 5000 pounds for the car.
"Having experienced both, the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life."
The book had an important impact on my thinking.
Died for the sake of his country.
Don't go giving me evils!
Have an assistant.
Bill rolled the ball down the hill.
Had a streak of bad luck.
"Don't drill here, there's a gas pipe."
"We could see the lorry in the mirror, so decided to change lanes."
At a distance of ten years he had forgotten many of the details.
The first act has three scenes.
A piano was in one corner of the room.
Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor.
She gave me a dirty look.
At what stage are the social sciences?
Check out the engine.
We watered the buffalo.
The family purchased a new car.
The judge tried both father and son in separate trials.
Tap a source of money.
I received several calls today.
Meat loaf.
"Come on guys, let's move: there's work to do!"
The school was built in 1932.
There was only one piece of furniture in the room.
We develop the leaders for the future.
They found the body in the lake.
These days it is not unusual.
There are two hundred seats in this classroom.
She broke the vase.
The baby of the family.
He clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box.
He charged the director with indifference.
The iPhone application VR+ connects to major social networks.
After the scare about foot-and-mouth disease a lot of people started eating fish instead of meat.
"The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person, one vote."
My land extends over the hills on the horizon.
You have to spend money to make money!
"Close the shade, please: it's too bright in here."
City life.
The 1960's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions.
Keep on working!
The cities fell to the enemy.
Princeton plays Yale this weekend.
He started looking for a gas station.
Block his election.
A place in my heart.
The majority agreed that the new proposal was the best.
Catholics sometimes fast during Lent.
The horse finally struck a pace.
The Soviet Union.
The senator carried his home state.
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep.
To spell the helmsman.
I just don't get him.
We played hockey all afternoon.
I always stretch my muscles before exercising.
We played hockey all afternoon.
The push of the water on the walls of the tank.
Play fair.
Raise my salary.
Shrinkage is the retail trade's euphemism for shoplifting.
Define 'sadness'.
"While being impulsive can be great for artists, it is not a desirable quality for engineers."
Genesis is the first book of the Bible.
It just won't make much difference to me.
"Looking at him as he came into the room, I took him for his father."
The artillery battered down the defenses.
Raise a protest.
Beg the point in the discussion.
Come in out of the cold.
The teacher struck the child.
The heat checked the paint.
The magnitude of an earthquake is measured on the open-ended Richter scale.
They broke faith with their investors.
Please verify that the doors are closed.
We're adding another wall in this room during the remodeling.
Earthquakes are a constant threat in Japan.
He received Christ.
Members of the opposite sex.
I'm considering going to the beach tomorrow.
He hadn't had any love in months.
"He made as if to punch him, but they both laughed and shook hands."
Her weight fell to under a hundred pounds.
"If you want to emphasise the shape, it is possible to gather the waistline."
This pilot works the controls.
The guard lobbed a pass just over the defender.
The candy left him with a bad taste.
Men from the fraternal order will staff the soup kitchen today.
She stands 6 feet tall.
This military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby.
John started the party.
Skill is the product of hours of practice.
He caught the allusion in her glance.
The riots stopped when police moved in.
Please follow the guide through the museum.
The nanny acted quickly by grabbing the toddler and covering him with a wet towel.
The gardener planted a bed of roses.
The towers were topped with conical roofs.
He didn't miss a single day of school.
The knight rode a white charger.
The BBC's engineering division.
His stock was so high he could have been elected mayor.
"Stand in this position, with your arms at your side."
Now is the right time.
Estimates of the city's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars.
The score was 7 to 0.
He spread fertilizer over the lawn.
Surrender fires the cold skepticism.
The delicate cast of his features.
He polished up the chrome until it gleamed.
The employer wants to cut back health benefits.
The addition of cinnamon improved the flavor.
The belt just barely went around his waist.
Check the time of the class.
Dull repetitious work gives no gratification.
A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks.
His meeting with the salesmen was the high point of his day.
I knocked on the vice president's door.
His snoring kept me from falling asleep.
The flap of a sail.
Their marriage was conducted in the chapel.
They needed rugs to cover the bare floors.
The house had a neglected air.
Many saints suffered martyrdom.
The embryo develops into a fetus.
Space travel.
The teacher gathered the kids together.
Interference fringe.
Efface oneself.
A prison term.
His survey of the battlefield was limited.
Universities recognized the enormity of their task.
The problem was a real snorter.
Their angry expressions were a clear sign they didn't want to talk.
The kids love to play catch.
A political system with no place for the less prominent groups.
He was surrounded by a bevy of beauties in bathing attire.
She threw herself forwards.
She enjoyed her brief taste of independence.
He swung his left fist.
Carmen bought a dress for $50.
Chew with your mouth shut -- were you raised in a barn?
He placed a phone call to London.
Let's play some basket.
Use this knife to slice the bread.
The Yankees scored 3 runs in the bottom of the 9th.
Take action.
The woman is walking.
The trees caught quickly in the dry wind.
Unfortunately some writers have used bar for one dyne per square centimeter.
The children must learn to behave.
It is usually discussed under the rubric of 'functional obesity'.
Pull a bank robbery.
They are outstanding in their field.
To arouse jealousy.
"Quality of life is usually determined by health, education, and income."
Put on your swimsuit and let's go for a swim.
The cells reduce.
Spread your arms.
This should cover everyone in the group.
He took a deep breath and dived into the pool.
The French Academy.
He can hold his liquor.
"The bill came to $2,000."
The cinema emptied quickly after the end of the film.
This theory holds for all irrational numbers.
An explosion of a low order of magnitude.
Use the plastic bags to store the food.
Register for an election.
We were approaching our destination.
The expectation was spread both by word and by implication.
In line with.
River bed.
He recalled the experience vividly.
Come down here!
Harvard Divinity School has been teaching theology since 1636.
We met at the Dean's tea for newcomers.
It's your turn; go.
"In the US, conservatives rail against the ""war on Christmas""."
Can you work an electric drill?
"She's my love, my life."
Happiness means everything.
Trace a design.
Not openly liberal but that is the trend of the book.
In the best sense charity is really a duty.
Amanda carried the package.
I know this voice!
You can't compare my problems and yours.
Make a dress.
He described his mental picture of his assailant.
The children lined up for a coast down the snowy slope.
This sure beats work!
The country is still trying to climb out of the mire left by its previous president.
Puddle young plants.
"You can visit me in the spring, when the weather is bearable."
She had a feeling of euphoria.
Our computers connected.
The dam broke.
A book token is the easiest option for a Christmas gift.
The emerging buds were a sure sign of spring.
I wouldn't put it that way.
Strike a match.
He was allowed to go as soon as he paid.
They saw an angry scene outside the pub.
Crop rotation makes a balanced demand on the fertility of the soil.
Cast a vote.
An explosion of a low order of magnitude.
The barometer is falling.
Spare components for cars.
The salesman works the Midwest.
He paid off the loan three months early.
She finally picked her successor.
These trees are widely planted because of their resistance to salt and smog.
Physicists believe they found a new elementary particle.
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep.
He ruled that the criminal record of the defendant could not be disclosed to the court.
Remove the dirty dishes from the table.
She knew of our plan.
"The set of rational numbers, \mathbbQ, is the prototypical field."
He taught foreign languages.
The liquid fills the container.
They held a sale to reduce their inventory.
He showed signs of strain.
The end of the pier.
Offset deposits and withdrawals.
The direction of maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of the shear.
The one with the most points will win the game.
"Unfortunately, the leading bridesmaid stepped on the bride's train as they were walking down the aisle."
Gilbert had some bad luck yesterday -- he got pick-pocketed and lost fifty dollars.
Pittsburgh is located at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers.
The hired hand fixed the railing.
The English Channel lies between France and England.
"Due to an undersized inventory at the Boston outlet, customers had to travel to Providence to find the item."
The father told a story to his child.
He threw away the rest.
Murdoch owns many newspapers.
He fell to his knees.
Wage stabilization is necessary for industrial peace.
I placed ten dollars on the Lakers beating the Bulls.
He wore a jock strap with a metal cup.
A racially integrated business concern.
It was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip.
Construct a proof.
She checked for an instant and missed a step.
The fountains played all day.
Galileo knew that the earth moves around the sun.
"A is a hyponym of B means that ""A is a type of B.""."
"With the lights out, she had to rely on touch to find her desk."
The auto workers are striking for higher wages.
I was doing dwelling in the cave.
Get to the point.
He checked the point on his compass.
The washing machine needs to be serviced.
The formation of gas in the intestine.
The bottle had a wide neck.
A rifle action.
You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn.
I didn't mean to knock your tooth out.
I wish that Christmas were over.
She said 'Hello' to everyone in the office.
I gave two sons to the war.
Hold your temper.
A few words would answer.
She admitted us here.
How nice to see you again!
They were admitted into his house.
The cameras were rolling.
"We walked with a quick, even rhythm."
A notice of sale.
"The equation e^i\pi+1=0 includes the most important numbers: 1, 0, \pi, i, and e."
The trend of a coastline.
Trace the outline of a figure in the sand.
You were in the courtroom. What is your reaction?
He was testing the government's receptiveness to reform.
I don't care.
This sign marks the border.
He offered his sympathy.
I turned the controls over to her.
There was a shocked silence.
It was an experience he would not soon forget.
A liberal political complexion.
"On the one hand ..., but on the other hand ..."
He made twenty bucks playing poker last night.
We are advancing technology every day.
In deference to your wishes.
There were two hundred people at his funeral.
Amanda carried the package to New York.
The drums beat all night.
The accused refused to reveal the source of the illegal drugs she was selling.
The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain.
Follow these simple rules.
A smell of chemicals in the air.
I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts.
His conduct is against the established practices of the legal profession.
Doesn't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny?
Law and order.
He said his voices told him to do it.
He set his e-mail message's priority to high.
Pick up the tab.
Keep count.
Barbecue over an open fire.
He needs to make this shot for par.
They pinned a 'kick me' sign on his back.
Would you like a glass of milk?
What do you make of his remarks?
We turned from Socialism to Capitalism.
A time period of 30 years.
It was too dark to determine his identity.
She toes inwards.
The score was 7 to 0.
Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road.
Come out of the closet!
He went to the party dressed in drag.
"The dog acts ferocious, but he is really afraid of people."
The company operated at a loss last year.
Some salts sublime when heated.
"Turning the corner, I discovered a lovely little shop."
Arouse pity.
Work out your problems with the boss.
Cut the noise.
These times were erroneously converted between zones.
"After the reception, he escorted her to the honeymoon suite to consummate their marriage."
Beat the subway fare.
People gathered round as he began to tell his story.
Bees filled the waxen cups with honey.
The cat rubbed itself against my leg.
Any good golf club will have a range where you can practice.
Process the applicants.
They had lunch at one.
Don't pay him any mind.
He has a special place in my thoughts.
Immigrants of the same nationality often seek each other out.
There is a demand for voluntary health workers in the poorer parts of Africa and Asia.
A ship draws ten feet of water.
"He took no notice of the changes, and went on as though nothing had happened."
"Having experienced both, the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life."
The dancer floated across the stage.
To move in a matter.
The weather held.
Beat swords into ploughshares.
They advertise on many different fronts.
The reduced the number of units and installations.
The reversal of the image in the lens.
"In these forests, mushrooms grow under the trees."
We saw a two-act play in the theatre.
Now I see!
Start from the bottom and work towards the top.
The circus will be in town next week.
Turn the clay on the wheel.
Frustrated by the narrowness of people's horizons.
"There were some very erotic scenes in the movie, although it was not classified as pornography."
It vanished into the night.
The cow dropped her calf this morning.
Let's follow our great helmsman!
They developed a scheme of mutual support.
The batsman succumbed to a snorter of short balls from the bowler and nicked a thin edge to the keeper.
I discovered what he should do.
He made twenty bucks playing poker last night.
Strike a medal.
Melt butter.
She didn't get to Chicago until after midnight.
Retrograding planets.
A door case.
They welcomed the signs of spring.
Elections will be held on the first Sunday of next month.
Without him the dullness of her life crept into her work no matter how she tried to compartmentalize it.
The chairman resigned when he was found to have misappropriated funds.
"The equation e^i\pi+1=0 includes the most important numbers: 1, 0, \pi, i, and e."
A thorough search of the ledgers revealed nothing.
Breadfruit has the same texture as bread.
The story is going the rounds in Washington.
"That may work in theory, but will it work in practice?"
Please develop this roll of film.
I hope I can keep up this streak of accomplishments.
She had a gift for playing the flute.
The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers.
We inspected the area.
Park your bag in this locker.
Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool?
It pays to go through the trouble.
Beat one's breast.
The engineer called round whilst you were away.
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses.
How much do you make a month in your new job?
I took the noon flight to Chicago.
Hey you slowcoaches in the back! Get a move on!
The car's finish was so shiny and new.
He comes from a place near Chicago.
The centimetre is a unit of length.
"Programs written in the BASIC language are usually run through an interpreter, though some can be compiled."
Raise your 'o'.
The patient's shortness of breath.
He spoke in a low key.
He clambered up onto the stage and got the actors to help him into the box.
Soften the butter before beating in the sugar.
A 'B' grade doesn't suffice to get me into medical school.
A year constitutes a cycle of the seasons.
Did you know that she is seeing an older man?
Stock prices dropped.
He counts reading among his interests.
He felt that his entire life had been a failure.
He has a special place in my thoughts.
Make an effort.
The cat rubbed itself against my leg.
I shuffled my feet in embarrassment.
Stir emotions.
The war on poverty.
The students keep me on my toes.
Take two aspirin and call me in the morning.
He is remembered for his generosity and civilization.
You treated me like a fool.
They announced a two-for-one split of the common stock.
We had sex in the back seat.
She broke the match.
"Can you take this bag, please."
The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect.
Stabilization means that the product can be handled under atmospheric conditions.
"Programs written in the BASIC language are usually run through an interpreter, though some can be compiled."
He was fighting to his last breath.
I can't read his strange behavior.
He tried to get a better view of it.
Follow a pattern.
He was a charter member of the movement.
The two men clubbed together.
"Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea, please?"
Our church is hosting a picnic next week.
Pad a bra.
Some students cheated by using the answer key.
I hold with those who say life is sacred.
A ship draws ten feet of water.
Hang one's head in shame.
Paris stands on the Seine.
He did the lesson for today.
The new stain remover was ten times more effective than the competition.
This money will help the development of literacy in developing countries.
"Have, throw, or make a party."
He has the authority to issue warrants.
She made us look silly.
"All loans from the library, whether books or audio material, must be returned within two weeks."
The head of the column advanced boldly.
The cloud of suspicion hangs over her.
He communicated his anxieties to the psychiatrist.
"She couldn't hurt a fly, young slip of a girl that she is."
I treated his advances as a joke.
"To draw a memorial, a deed, or bill of exchange."
"Fortunately, we can undo most of the damage to the system by the war."
That's the way it is.
"Suddenly, in the crowd, I felt a touch at my shoulder."
The inspector analyzed the building for its soundness.
Is your husband working again?
Cut from one scene to another.
The beginning of the war.
Our local super market delivers.
"The plane got clearance from air traffic control, and we were off."
She was the classic maiden in distress.
This play will either make or break the playwright.
Stretch your arms out above your head.
He feared that mentioning it might reopen the wound.
He removed the marbles from the bag.
The team was off form last night.
The principal visited his rage on the students.
Hold the bridge against the enemy's attacks.
Her hair doesn't grow much anymore.
He placed a phone call to London.
They improve their product every year.
"All breeds of dog are variants of the species ""Canis lupus familiaris""."
A quarter after 4 o'clock.
"They could hear a hum coming from the kitchen, and found the dishwasher on."
A successful musical must have at least three good songs.
She had a smile on her face.
A skin condition.
In the days of sailing ships.
Block a nerve.
They made an appointment to meet at six.
The plane landed in Istanbul.
He had an insulin shock after eating three candy bars.
She walked to a point where she could survey the whole street.
He ate his fill of potatoes.
The battery needed a fresh charge.
The word is a basic linguistic unit.
The pastry rolls well.
Apply a magnetic field here.
"On a building that size, two crews could only lay two courses in a day."
There was a note of gaiety in her manner.
He could not work the math problem.
A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before.
The formation of sentences.
He was a new addition to the staff.
That's three times he's made the same mistake.
The current state of knowledge.
They invaded our territorial waters.
Get permission to take a few days off from work.
"Signs of disease are objective, whereas symptoms are subjective."
He could no longer cope with the complexities of life.
I ordered two dozen doughnuts.
The altitude gave her a headache.
Pull the tab to open the can.
There's little to earn and many to keep.
The elevators were at the end of the hall.
To set glass in a sash.
People turn to mysticism at the turn of a millennium.
He assumed an attitude of surrender.
At that point I had to leave.
This chair has got to go.
The new line of cars will soon be on sale.
He shuffled his funds among different accounts in various countries so as to avoid the IRS.
Business is good today.
Set the dogs on the scent of the missing children.
The image of f(x) = x^2 is the set of all non-negative real numbers if the domain of the function is the set of all real numbers.
We were hit by really bad weather.
He didn't want his pockets to bulge so he was walking around with all his stuff in his hands.
An oil baron.
On the hottest day of the year the refrigerator broke.
A smell of chemicals in the air.
The dentist took an impression for use in preparing an inlay.
Oil fires the furnace.
A beggar's masquerade of wealth.
Press a record.
"She drew $2,000 from the account."
Some students cheated by using the answer key.
There was a three-story building on the corner.
He hit a double to deep centerfield.
They made a futile play for power.
The American public is experiencing scandal fatigue.
I've got to go to the head.
The sleeves come to your knuckles.
The movie hits theaters in December.
I was never any good at art.
Rack a camera.
You have to spend money to make money!
Do you take sugar in your coffee?
His loss of credibility led to his resignation.
Gawkers always try to get as close to the action as possible.
My neighbour is very irritable and grumpy at times.
Have you read Salman Rushdie?
Shift one's position.
It was Bernhardt's last appearance in America.
The application of maximum thrust.
The father told a story to his child.
The object of the verb.
The bottle had a wide neck.
Three quarters of the Earth's surface is covered by water.
"When the carnival came to town, every one wanted some cotton candy."
I broke my foot while playing hockey.
Shell mussels.
His money went on drink.
His gross income was enough that he had to file a tax return.
December 31 is the deadline for applications.
Attendance was up by 50 per cent.
The troops carried the town after a brief fight.
We don't allow people to come into our plant and try to unionize the workers.
Turn the earth in the Spring.
John compared his haircut to his friend's.
A dress of traditional cut.
Make a dress.
They rode to the end of the line.
Law and order.
He attributes the disappointing results to softness in the economy.
The fortune teller read his fate in the crystal ball.
"Coordinate the painters, masons, and plumbers."
My memory extends back to my fourth year of life.
He called four times.
Chief of Staff is the second highest position in the army.
She cuddled the infant before bedtime.
The light of my life.
Crack a safe.
"Go easy on him, he's been under a lot of stress lately."
There are several good grips on the northern face of this rock.
Jab with your left.
Most coal and ore comes from open-pit mines nowadays.
The fear of being sued for malpractice has magnified physicians' defensiveness.
I begged for her to do it.
He made twenty bucks playing poker last night.
"She drew $2,000 from the account."
A conflict of loyalties.
He broke into a run.
The Rolls Royce caught us near the exit ramp.
Step over to the blackboard.
The pull of the moon.
A length of tubing.
I can only stay for an hour.
The period covered the turn of the century.
I begged her for release.
My headache has no connection with me going out last night.
Historians can only point out those lines for which evidence is available.
She gave great head.
Throw a glance.
This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster.
Could you see about lunch?
His brother blocked him at every turn.
He detected a note of sarcasm.
He posed her against a background of rolling hills.
That guy keeps interrupting the concert. Throw the bum out!
He turned traitor.
Do you know my sister?
I was doing dwelling in the cave.
Moved from third to fifth position.
A reading was taken of the earth's tremors.
An enormous dilemma faces us.
She keeps an apartment in Paris for her shopping trips.
We cared about the opera.
His nomination was hotly protested.
The recognition of the Rio Grande as a boundary between Mexico and the United States.
The hegemony of a single member state is not incompatible with a genuine confederation.
They agreed with her how to do it.
Her hand stopped in mid air.
His peccadilloes finally broke his marriage.
Her blood left a stain on the napkin.
Pull the rope.
There are twenty-six letters in the English alphabet.
The divers encountered a huge school of mackerel.
The suspect is in custody.
This Chinese year is the year of the Rooster.
The fog cleared in the afternoon.
He warned against the use of narcotic drugs.
News of her death broke in the morning.
A shrill voice sounded behind us.
They were arrayed in line of battle.
The green party took 12% of the vote.
A tiny speck of soot.
It is a center's responsibility to get the football to the quarterback.
"Operator, could you connect me to the Raffles in Singapore?"
The recipe calls for half a stick of butter.
That's the way it is.
Please refund me my money.
Play it safe.
A gradual slack in output.
This country assimilates immigrants very quickly.
He came from France to Colorado.
Break a promise.
She developed a liking for gin.
The guy hanging around the school is pushing drugs.
To hoop a barrel or puncheon.
Cut a ticket.
Render thanks.
His voice carried a lot of anger.
Make yourself clear.
I mean to go to Baddeck this summer.
Make way for.
This student gives promise of real creativity.
Channelize the country for better transportation.
Poison someone's mind.
The general term of an algebraic equation of the n-th degree.
I find it difficult to relate to others because i'm extremely introverted.
His ambition is to own his own business.
They have a chef who specializes in fish.
The tendrils of the plant exhibited perversion.
I rubbed my hands together for warmth.
He stuck the point of the knife into a tree.
It can perform millions of operations per second.
He stood at the back of the stage.
The opposition party attempted to smear the candidate by spreading incorrect and unverifiable rumors about their personal behavior.
Values distribute.
Break off the negotiations.
He came through the door.
The channel is created by bonding the signals from these four pairs.
The pyramids were built with large stone blocks.
Check the brakes.
The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow.
Can you play on this old recorder?
He borrowed a cup of sugar.
He replaced the old razor blade.
They used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring.
"They made nice together, as if their fight never happened."
She rolled the ball.
His bare feet projected from his trousers.
I am carrying his child.
They tumbled the teams with no apparent pattern.
A large-scale farming operation.
Our computers connected together.
The word is a basic linguistic unit.
"The small shirt doesn't fit me, so I'll buy the medium size."
Hold your breath.
A row of points.
The shoes came untied.
Locate the boundaries of the property.
This paint covers well.
The painting of Mary carries motherly love.
He leaned against the wall for support.
The teacher told us the next exercise is to write an essay.
Use your head!
Pay a call.
Do you think the sofa will go through the door?
The skim milk substitutes for cream -- we are on a strict diet.
History repeats itself if we don't learn from its mistakes.
The term allowed to a debtor to discharge his debt.
One trouble after another delayed the job.
Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice.
I could feel the runner's breath on my shoulder.
They stood the statue on the pedestal.
She's been baking all day to prepare for the dinner.
He got a good fix on the target.
Grandmother always treated us to the circus.
She gave a pair of shoes to her husband for their anniversary.
His opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page.
In the experimental trials the amount of carbon was measured separately.
She classified the articles into different genres.
"It has been three years since my grandmother died. (similar to My grandmother died three years ago, but emphasizes the intervening period)."
Flatten your stomach with these exercises.
He washed his face.
A political system with no place for the less prominent groups.
She moves in certain circles only.
She made a copy of the designer dress.
She struck her head on the low ceiling.
He got a girl into trouble.
The chain of command.
His back was nicely tanned.
"Would you be a dear and get me a cup of tea, please?"
Focus on passing the test.
"Signs of disease are objective, whereas symptoms are subjective."
Shift one's attention.
The company turned a good profit after a year.
Can you make me an omelette?
We should go farther in this matter.
Mandela was allowed few visitors in prison.
The blow got him in the back.
He understood the foulness of sin.
Sea bed.
It all happened in the space of 10 minutes.
"All I need to weather a snowstorm is hot coffee, a warm fire, a good book and a comfortable chair."
The enemy attacked at dawn.
Will $100 do?
He lives on Nassau Street.
"I meant to take the car in for a smog check, but it slipped my mind."
"He was an admirable poet, and thought even to have approached Homer. -- Sir William Temple."
He said he was looking for the way out.
His brother's success left him in the shade.
The acquisition of sports equipment can be fun in itself.
The house gave me a feeling of dread.
They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still don't know what's wrong.
Twigs break off of those branches easily.
My family always summered at the seashore.
He claimed that the interception of one missile by another would be impossible.
The scale of the model.
Their conversation was limited to ulteriorities.
Get to the point.
He came from France.
We need to finalise the deal with Henderson by midnight.
My horse lost the race by a nose.
He shed his image as a pushy boss.
The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military.
I've been here for 2 days and a bit.
The child's breath came quickly and unevenly.
Chew with your mouth shut -- were you raised in a barn?
He saw action in Viet Nam.
The valley was between two ranges of hills.
Play games.
They built a fire at the mouth of the cave.
The laborers drift from one town to the next.
The President covered the fact that he bugged the offices in the White House.
She bought it for everyday wear.
She makes like an actress.
The king will visit the duke's court.
"Pack the shirts in dozens, please."
The world economy had a rough patch in the 1930s.
They always sat on the right side of the church.
Put three drops of oil into the mixture.
There must be a skeleton somewhere in that family's closet.
The government supports the arts in several ways.
"Sea bed, river bed, lake bed."
The fields vegetate vigorously.
This flower is known as a Peruvian Lily.
The border between Canada and USA is the longest in the world.
Snap your fingers.
They shot 20 head of quail.
This sign marks the border.
The Grim Reaper is a personification of death.
He stuffed his mouth with candy.
This vine never blights.
Discreet Italian police described it in a manner typically continental.
"A person makes his appearance as an historian, an artist, or an orator."
A multinational operation.
A member of his own faith contradicted him.
Happiness means everything.
I rubbed the cloth over the glass.
The winning score came with less than a minute left to play.
The patient was bleeding on the right side.
My bitch just had puppies: they're so cute!
Cover the meat with a lot of gravy.
"You can visit me in the spring, when the weather is bearable."
Get a life.
Hold your tongue.
He is blind -- he can not see.
The label says this silk scarf should not be washed in the washing machine.
Leave the young fawn alone.
Grate nutmeg.
An admiral in command.
"The hillside behind our house isn't generally much to look at, but once all the trees turn it's gorgeous."
I showed the customer the glove section.
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep.
That store offers a variety of products.
He came through the door.
She brightened when I changed the subject.
Put three drops of oil into the mixture.
Come with me to the Casbah.
He kept the title to his car in the glove compartment.
Bend the rod.
The war machine.
Stick around and you will learn something!
I felt my way cautiously through the dangerous business maneuver.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States of America.
The Conservative manifesto is a model of vagueness.
It is a friendly neighborhood.
He was often taken to be a man of means.
He is doing time in the county jail.
At what time does your train leave?
The story of exposure to lead.
Mary would flatten the dough before rolling it into pretzels.
My personal trainer works me hard.
He has a sinister smile.
She put too much emphasis on her the last statement.
His life was all fun and games.
Her arms closed around her long lost relative.
The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home.
The Confederate side was prepared to attack.
He has a special place in my thoughts.
The computer has supplanted the slide rule.
This time I got him.
These computers connected well.
The play was just a vehicle to display her talents.
They handed out the printed text of the mayor's speech.
The film was shot on location.
He bet $2 on number six to place.
He plays the flute.
The spacious cooking area provided plenty of room for servants.
Remember to call your mother every day!
He held the governorship for almost a decade.
The African-American population of Salt Lake City has been increasing.
His plundering of the great authors.
He studied his reflection in the mirror.
The reason that war was declared.
She transformed the clay into a beautiful sculpture.
The rate of production at the factory is skyrocketing.
You didn't give me enough notice.
Sound carries well over water.
A ranch hand.
He has a smooth line but I didn't fall for it.
The throat of the vase.
She played two beautiful pieces on the piano.
The battery had a short life.
I need some fresh air.
Can I give you my keys while I go in the pool?
She classified the works as 'dangerous'.
The walls were covered with pictures.
The smaller component is hard to reach.
Shift the emphasis.
An industrialized land.
"Pipe oil, water, and gas into the desert."
The salesman faxed the sales agreement to his home office.
There were some cows grazing in a field.
He had to get his mother to write an excuse for him.
The foot of the list.
Extension of the program to all in need.
I tried to call you all night.
A biochemical profile of blood.
Those clouds show signs of raining soon.
I arranged a date with my Australian business partners.
Play cards.
The fabric of the universe.
His stories made him the center of the party.
He betrayed their trust.
To pack goods in a box.
My wife never worked.
The ship made its run in record time.
IBM received an order for a hundred computers.
Rearrange the furniture in my room.
"He answered the first question willingly, the second reluctantly, and the third with resentment."
Lindbergh was the first to fly the Atlantic.
I must see your passport before you can enter the country.
Unemployment made Jack depressed.
He drew great benefits from his membership in the association.
The economy crashed.
You can't take credit for this!
It was a busy day on the stock exchange.
We focused on what he wanted.
The book costs five krona.
Night fell.
Most soldiers are only boys in uniform.
Make up a room.
The ocean was finally at rest.
I am 75 kilograms.
I'm having a run of bad luck.
It is vital that he not know.
He preferred the drumsticks to the wings.
This student heads the class.
Our coach had us running plays for the whole practice.
Purge your mind.
".. the angelic squadron ... began to hem him round with ported spears. -- Milton, Paradise Lost (1667), book IV."
The new tooth is cutting.
He posted signs in all the shop windows.
I broke in the new intern.
He warned against the use of narcotic drugs.
We stored a thousand tons of grain for the winter.
It's your turn; go.
The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction.
"Gravitation r svagare n elektromagnetismen, men pverkar all materia och energi."
We should reseat this cinema-the old seats are worn.
All the world loves a lover.
Order ruled in the streets.
The whales blew.
"2004: Most people used pliers, scissors, rubber gloves and knives to try to prise open products. -- BBC News."
That'll fix him good!
Turn the legs of the table.
He stuck the point of the knife into a tree.
I gave two sons to the war.
The lock snapped shut.
"More than a facelift, the new model marks a fundamental change of direction."
His breath came hard.
I can only stay for an hour.
My heart is pounding.
Mineral origin.
Shift one's position.
Rectify alternating current.
There's no work on the land any more.
Sound carries well over water.
The flowchart contained many boxes.
The professor returned to his teaching position after serving as Dean.
Mary would flatten the dough before rolling it into pretzels.
Don't approach that house.
Have a lover.
On a par with the best.
This theory still holds.
The country developed into a mighty superpower.
He didn't have the language to express his feelings.
The jolt caused many slips and a few spills.
They had to consolidate their operations.
He pulled out his gun before she had a chance to scream.
The product of 2 and 3 is 6.
Our dog sheds every Spring.
He works at a great rate.
Draw a card.
Leave it as is.
This song keeps going through my head.
"The play is divided into three acts, and in total twenty-five scenes."
To advance one's interests.
Pulp wood.
Turn the heat down.
The pyramids were built with large stone blocks.
Business has been slow lately.
Let's fix the picture to the frame.
"The ""war on terror"" is a campaign against terrorist crime."
The formation of sentences.
He inspires respect.
My computer connected to his computer.
Break a promise.
His knowledge doesn't go very far.
She cut the deck for a long time.
An invasion of mobile phones.
A ticket admits one into a playhouse.
The film was sensitive to attack by acids.
Ellen told Helen about the situation.
Strike coins.
Keep a firm hold on the handlebars.
He is a herpetologist.
I received several phone calls today.
This building is three hundred years old.
This program will be seen all over the world.
It just won't make much of a difference to anyone.
"I raced him to the car, but he was there first, so he got to ride shotgun."
I draw a line here.
There are six lines in every stanza.
Extension of the program to all in need.
His sentence was 5 to 10 years.
She was exhausted by her misery and grief.
"I didn't have any coins to pay with, so I used a note."
Which side of the tray shall I put it on?
She never keeps her promises.
This beats me!
He asked to see the executive who handled his account.
From the air the road was a grey thread.
He was fighting to his last breath.
The pools of Solomon.
So that's fifteen-love to Kournikova.
Stop running all over the field and play your position!
I try to avoid the company of gamblers.
The United Nations must have the power to propose and organize action without being hobbled by irrelevant issues.
This violinist is as good as Juilliard-trained violinists go.
Check whether this page has a watermark.
They attacked the enemy's line.
He built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Rockies.
The medicine works only if you take it with a lot of water.
The 1960's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions.
She answered the door.
My grandfather lived until the end of war.
Jab with your left.
She called her children lazy and ungrateful.
The sun was beating down on us.
The patient must be treated right away or she will die.
The piano had a very stiff action.
I got some great bargains at their annual sale.
The farmer killed a pig for the holidays.
Denim has a tendency to fade.
To say crossing the street was brave was quite a stretch.
Make revolution.
Academies of literature and philology.
A case of the jitters.
There is a narrow line between sanity and insanity.
The season's opener was a game against the Yankees.
A mud feeder.
He left the impression of his fingers in the soft mud.
To advance one's interests.
"Katie's sick, so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything."
Enter negotiations.
Some students take a gap year after finishing high school to broaden their horizons.
He had the strength of ten men.
Open a window and let in some air.
I will run the sample.
He ate his fill of potatoes.
Now is a good time to do it.
It was on the order of a mile.
Social life.
"I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department, but not the authority to sack them."
You'll see a lot of cheating in this school.
This pipe admits air.
Bear a heavy load.
The shift of the supplier gave us a saving of 10 percent.
Make a move.
Dig your foot into the floor.
Keep the house clean; I have company coming.
Her money went on clothes.
Please bring me the copies of those reports.
The swiftest of foot.
He always blames someone else in the immediate neighborhood.
The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end.
A moving picture of a train is more dramatic than a still picture of the same subject.
The opening received good critical reviews.
A leak in a boat.
I carry a lot of life insurance.
Grosvenor Place.
The company matched the discount policy of its competitors.
The circumstances ensured that he would arrive in time.
The rear part of the house.
She married into wealth and so has it made.
We played hockey all afternoon.
I saw their laughing and joking.
"He hasn't come home yet, he's still at work."
Rig prices.
The gift of language.
"""Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art"" -- Joseph Conrad."
I can deal with this crew of workers.
The dollar is the United States unit of currency.
"If you push it to the limit, safety is not guaranteed."
He felt the wind.
A complicated concatenation of circumstances.
He paid off the loan three months early.
Paul breathed a deep breath.
There was a crack in the mirror.
Computers are now widely used in business.
The President declared war.
Raise the question of promotions.
Make yourself clear.
An end-of-the year crunch.
She extended her visit by another day.
The storms last summer washed away parts of the road so we can expect some rough patches up ahead.
Beat the rhythm.
He dusted off the seat before sitting down.
Nobody answered when I knocked on the door.
The glass from the shattered windshield cut into her forehead.
The collar has a tab with a button hole.
The ice storm got my hibiscus.
There was a touch of sarcasm in his tone.
He shifted in his seat.
John worked with Paul at finishing the task.
The nurse washed away the blood.
Do you have a light?
A 'B' grade doesn't suffice to get me into medical school.
I resented his withholding permission.
He doesn't know how to use a computer.
The bank kept their money safe in a large vault.
City life.
The wardroom mess.
This exercise will strengthen your upper body.
A window case.
She endured the stresses and strains of life.
The policemen went from door to door looking for the suspect.
The victory was the realization of a whole year's work.
A block of stone.
The room was decorated in shades of grey with distinctive red accents.
This time he succeeded.
To arouse compassion.
The seat of his pants was worn through.
Refine pig iron.
A cell phone with internet facility.
He showed batters nothing but smoke.
"Move those boxes into the corner, please."
A tidy sum.
She lost all respect for him.
Herman gathered the students together.
He was often taken to be a man of means.
The fashion did not catch.
He had a pain in his side.
Chew with your mouth shut -- were you raised in a barn?
She did an outstanding job as Ophelia.
I couldn't follow the direction of his thoughts.
"He regularly pulls 12-hour days, sometimes 14."
"If the vase falls to the floor, it might break."
"Sorry, girls, I suck dick."
He washed the dirt from his coat.
This onion dip is just scrumptious.
A sense of danger.
They didn't follow our lead.
He lectured for quite a long while.
I have little disposition now to do as you say.
You have a two-hour window of clear weather to finish working on the lawn.
Hang the venison for a few days.
This time he succeeded.
He received no formal education.
The boat had a metallic finish.
Can we go camping again this summer?
His cold deprived him of his sense of taste.
"It's almost lunchtime, so I think I'll finish up later this afternoon."
We did 6 miles on our hike every day.
He had terrible feelings of guilt.
There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies.
He made twenty bucks playing poker last night.
Cut a check.
A body of precedents.
She captured all the men's hearts.
The time of year for planting.
The stock traded around $20 a share.
Can you translate the instructions in this manual for a layman?
The development of his ideas took many years.
Extend my greetings.
You've really got to empathize with what they want.
I can't see him on horseback!
"Katie's sick, so I need to check up on her and see if she needs anything."
She preferred the black nylon number.
A loaf of cheese.
He listened for the progress of the troops.
There's no place like home.
He replied that he was not sure.
Folks around here drink moonshine.
He had no direction in his life.
He arrived at work early today.
Amanda carried the package from home to New York.
The cat disappeared into the night.
A child had a multiple organ transplant two months ago.
A wilderness of masts in the harbor.
Heavenly body.
They rode to the end of the line.
The facts extend beyond a consideration of her personal assets.
I'm going to have a quick wash before coming to bed.
This will save you a lot of time.
The patient went peacefully.
What is your role on the team?
She has a way of ruffling feathers among her colleagues.
The family purchased a new car.
I'm going to give my wife a necklace for her birthday.
The Middle East is fermenting.
Bright lights really hurt my eyes.
The chain of command.
The holocaust survivors have lived a nightmare.
First you have to cut off the water.
The doctors drew medical supplies from the hospital's emergency bank.
Apply for a job.
The law stands!
The arrow found its mark.
He described going to work.
The spaceship came under the pull of the gas giant.
Pull the ball.
We closed the door to Haitian immigrants.
The area of a rectangle.
She's an elegant dresser.
The product of 2 and 3 is 6.
I gather you have not done your homework.
Straighten this post.
The truth behind the events remains a mystery.
She classified the articles into different genres.
Can you see the bird in that tree?
The pulse is a reflection of the heart's condition.
Does this paper meet the requirements for the degree?
A ticket admits one into a playhouse.
Beer is brewed all over the world.
Put money into bonds.
Stop playing with the seam of the tablecloth! You will unravel it.
My nose is all stuffed.
Rain stopped play in the 4th inning.
She likes the touch of silk on her skin.
Wharf the mouth of the river.
She wanted neither favor nor despite.
His mustache stretched all the way to his sideburns.
He got out of line.
"When her baby died, she snapped."
I won't have this dog in my house!
Out of respect for his privacy.
The teacher charged the children to memorize the poem.
Analyze a specimen.
She was working on her second martini when the guests arrived.
Cut a caper.
The baby of the Supreme Court.
We drove to the university every morning.
The floor of the cave.
The simultaneous optimization of growth and profitability.
The labor movement has been struggling in America since the passage of the Taft-Hartley act in 1947.
Cast a vote.
"We had a hard year last year, with the locust swarms and all that."
There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies.
The attack wiped out our forward bases.
What level is the office on?
The action of natural forces.
Treat the lawn with chemicals.
The soprano held the audience.
Many readers find the first book of A Tale of Two Cities to be confusing.
I am standing my ground and won't give in!
Nora sent me the book.
Raise your 'o'.
Don't forget to charge the drill.
The area of a rectangle.
We had to see a psychiatrist.
There's nothing more thrilling to the whale watcher than to see a whale surface and blow.
"She dreamed, with great clarity, that she had been seen her own death."
They counterfeited dollar bills.
Dialects found in both Hangzhou and Shanghai belong to the Wu topolect.
Catch a show on Broadway.
Social life.
Take any one of these cards.
His paintings reveal a sensitive interpreter of nature.
She threw a beautiful teapot.
Field work traditionally distinguishes true archaeologists from armchair archaeologists.
The collar has a tab with a button hole.
To sophisticate the understanding. -- Southey.
The organ of the communist party.
Mince the garlic.
He had lost control of his sphincters.
Vegetable origins.
(The believers ... those ...) who abstain from sex.
"He's such a poor cook, I can't believe he's still in business!"
She cried bitterly when she heard the news of his death.
The PC had three slots for additional memory.
The period covered the turn of the century.
Herman connected the computers.
The seat of his pants was worn through.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
"Men forgot, or feared, to consult."
The cold helped clear his head.
The bus on the Cherry Street run is always crowded.
"I was on a winning streak until the fourth game, where I was dealt terrible cards."
He erred by the appointment of unsuitable men.
Call the outcome of an election.
"We had a hard year last year, with the locust swarms and all that."
Give an excuse.
Raise the roof.
He kept trying to see my hand.
He played $20 on the new horse.
Cover her face with a handkerchief.
"Hey, buddy, you got a light?"
I caught some Z's on the train.
View an exhibition.
I got a computer from my parents for my birthday.
Messages must go through diplomatic channels.
I discovered the fleece.
The movie hits theaters in December.
They hoped to join the NATO community.
This dish could use a touch of garlic.
She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth.
These potatoes keep for a long time.
Coordinate his actions with that of his colleagues.
The pull of the current.
How much do you make a month in your new job?
The company's products were in such demand that they got more orders than their call center could handle.
Orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness.
Be careful not to stretch or gather your knitting.
A ship appeared.
She made the boy brush his teeth every night.
What is the meaning of this sentence.
Lots of people think so.
Any society is built upon certain assumptions.
A ship's sail is said to draw when it is filled with wind.
We believe that the market for the new widget is the older homeowner.
A wall of smoke.
He had a change of heart.
This makes the third infraction.
Glue the two parts together.
"Okay, but this is the last time. No more after that!"
The containment of the AIDS epidemic.
Put your books on top of the desk.
This will save money.
She felt she had to get out of the house.
An abstract conception with feelings of reality and spatial outwardness attached to it.
Check your luggage before boarding.
He gives of his energies to the organization.
He made a thrusting motion with his fist.
The day went well until I got your call.
A typical case was the suburban housewife described by a marriage counselor.
Impossibility should never be confused with improbability.
The room was on its feet.
I have been to Spain many times.
Poison someone's mind.
I take it you're not going?
We focused on what to do.
Membership of this golf club is limited to those of quality and wealth.
They moved their arms and legs and bodies.
She didn't get his name when they met the first time.
Fire a gun.
"In some states, criminals are executed."
This knife cuts well.
"After the trial period, she was asked to stay on and work full-time."
What will you give her for her birthday?
It was replaced because of its age.
The anal styles of insects.
Post a sentinel in front of the door.
The teacher put an interesting twist to the interpretation of the story.
The President's convoy rolled past the crowds.
The apparition of Lawyer Clippurse occasioned much speculation in that portion of the world. -- Sir W. Scott.
The child's breath came quickly and unevenly.
He returned to the land of his birth.
Admission is three dollars a head.
Understanding comes from experience.
The water in the bowl froze.
Stomach walls.
My day began early this morning.
They needed rugs to cover the bare floors.
The meeting ran late.
He swore as the ball rimmed the cup and rolled away.
The resistance of bacteria to certain antibiotics.
He was allowed to go as soon as he paid.
She made ten points in that game.
Might her husband be wandering?
His testimony was a concoction.
The face of the city is changing.
All you ever think about is sex.
Spring is the time of the year most species reproduce.
It irritates me that she never closes the door after she leaves.
"In this reaction, the acid and base will neutralize each other, producing a salt."
Bluejays called to one another.
She fell ill.
I asked for a hot drink.
She followed a guru for years.
We had his bedroom insulated before winter came.
Adam knew Eve.
Toe the line.
I always stretch my muscles before exercising.
She sat on the edge of the bed.
Recent federal action undermined the segregationist position.
Give a yelp.
Raise the roof.
He got 5 years in prison.
Tip artichokes.
He waited a long time.
Braque translated collage into oil.
She is driving away at her doctoral thesis.
She knows how to knit.
She threw a beautiful teapot.
A smell of chemicals in the air.
The class of all sets is not a set.
He blocked the basketball player's shot.
Parcel post.
The thermometer hit 100 degrees.
"The judge pronounced often before, but never so widely press-attended."
He has a feel for animals.
He took a deep breath and dived into the pool.
"The date of a letter, of a will, of a deed, of a coin, etc."
To pay attention.
The lawyer fielded all questions from the press.
The car pulls to the right.
Interference fringe.
Genesis is the first book of the Bible.
He had a keen ear.
Lake bed.
I received several calls today.
Bring these gypsy vermin to the Palace of Justice.
Curled up on the foot of the bed.
He had an insulin shock after eating three candy bars.
My children finally got me to buy a computer.
On his return from Australia we gave him a welcoming party.
The tree stump serves as a table.
He managed to show a bold face despite his embarrassment.
The war on poverty.
We got through the pass before it started to snow.
He broke the point of his pencil.
He bought a new stereo system.
All bodies are held together by internal forces.
I'll have a quick bite to quiet my stomach until dinner.
The police had been following him for weeks but they could not prove his involvement in the bombing.
This pipe admits air.
Do you want to work after the age of 60?
It is not work but worry that kills.
Store grain for the winter.
This singer always packs the concert halls.
He avoided his nagging.
"Oi, you, shut your gob!"
How great thou art!
We must include this chemical element in the group.
Bake the potatoes.
The balloon was drifting in the breeze.
We are taking an orphan from Romania.
Restraints imposed on imports.
The fugitive has left the country.
A left identity if I * x = x for any x in the structure.
The repertory of the supposed feats of mesmerism.
We camped there.
Clean the spots off the rug.
Well developed breasts.
Fortunately she had the good sense to run away.
The speaker charged up the crowd with his inflammatory remarks.
Put that light out!
He rose to prominence through a series of shady deals.
He left me an almost impossible shot.
Stick some feathers in the turkey before you serve it.
Cynthia breakfasted on peaches.
This racehorse is the strongest in a weak field.
The female covers the eggs.
Three quarters of the Earth's surface is covered by water.
He had to clean up the leak.
In the best sense charity is really a duty.
She is our resident philosopher.
Raise your hands.
Patches of thin ice.
We can trust in God.
The performance was fine until he cracked that dead baby joke.
He knocked on the door.
The local Mafia won't touch gambling.
Back this enterprise.
His certainty reassured the others.
We waste the dirty water by channeling it into the sewer.
This dog doesn't eat certain kinds of meat.
He held a large block of the company's stock.
British is a hyponym of European.
A number of banks failed that year.
The patient is recuperating.
Raise a family.
The cat disappeared into the night.
It was a package deal.
Dig coal.
His good luck finally left him.
Wheat is the stuff they use to make bread.
This paper carries a restaurant review.
It feels nice to be home again.
The charges against the estate.
On Saturdays we usually do the shopping.
The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill.
Beat one's breast.
He is on the purchasing side of the business.
He ordered a hold in the action.
Shift one's attention.
"If the children stay out on the beach for another hour, they'll be fried."
This bread cuts easily.
Our computers connected together.
The reduced the number of units and installations.
He followed on foot.
American women got the vote in 1920.
"To draw a memorial, a deed, or bill of exchange."
Ignorance is bliss.
She covered herself with glory.
The scale of the model.
He doesn't know how to use a computer.
What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor?
The boat ran aground on a submerged bar in the river.
They were disappointed by the poor returns on their stock portfolio.
Evidence contradicted the government's claims.
The president's remarks left us speechless.
Fans from opposing teams clashed on the streets after the game.
The architect left space in front of the building.
Next year the meeting will be in Chicago.
Play with her feelings.
The life of this milk carton may be thousands of years in this landfill.
They're just kids.
The wall gave in.
The patient developed abdominal pains.
He has memberships in clubs in three cities.
An obituary notice.
Her death came as a terrible shock.
He opened the meeting with a long speech.
Many saints suffered martyrdom.
The system consists of a motor and a small computer.
I'd like to take a crack at that game.
He went through fire and damnation.
He has a cold in the nose.
His submission to the will of God.
Keep open the possibility of a merger.
Their hands touched.
It is easier to work in metric.
The defense called for a mistrial.
The prince was prepared to become King one day.
Run a temperature.
The answer to the comprehension question can be found in the third line of the accompanying text.
Touch the stone for good luck.
Catch one's breath.
I really care about my work.
The children must learn to behave.
Excitement grew as the finish neared.
A multinational operation.
They admired his scrupulous professional integrity.
The prince was prepared to become King one day.
The area covered can be seen from Figure 2.
"Have, throw, or make a party."
The Confederate side was prepared to attack.
A sense of security.
Pull your knees towards your chin.
I was invited to the masquerade at their home.
There is a tension created between narrative time and movie time.
He washed his face.
Look on the bright side.
Drunken driving kills.
The age of computers had dawned.
The war extended over five years.
He's working in a bar.
Give her recognition for trying.
He drank out of the goblet.
They played long and hard.
It is time to go.
He wrapped a tape around the package.
Play fair.
These computers connected well together.
My children don't ski.
I have a run in my stocking.
A dedicated line.
Mayonnaise is an emulsion where egg is used to keep oil and water mixed.
"In the US, conservatives rail against the ""war on Christmas""."
Heavenly body.
The fire caught.
I'm not ready to run a marathon.
The football player cut to his left to evade a tackle.
I received several calls today.
The insurance will replace the lost income.
He criticized the woodenness of the acting.
I was born in the year 1950.
This invention will make you a millionaire.
They hope to make a bigger profit.
They had too much furniture for the small apartment.
They were arrayed in line of battle.
The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice.
There but for the grace of God go I.
Guard against becoming too friendly with the staff.
About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade.
When is your baby due?
Work the raisins into the dough.
He got a good grade on the test.
Don't worry about the expensive wine -- I'm treating.
He could paint the lightest light and the darkest dark.
Introduce exotic fruits.
The school district has six thousand teachers in its employ.
The ship struck a reef.
"Having experienced both, the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life."
Hold your breath.
A gossip session.
The noblemen visited the queen in her court.
The fuse blew.
It was needed only on special occasions.
The President's comments drew sharp criticism from the Republicans.
"He was shocked by the softness of the atmosphere surrounding the young prince, arising from the superfluity of the femininity that guided him."
We carry a very large mortgage.
The question of seniority will be discussed at the meeting.
Render the town to the enemy.
Do my room in blue.
A typical case was the suburban housewife described by a marriage counselor.
The canteen holds fresh water.
Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches.
His first drafts were better than most authors' final products.
I received several phone calls today.
He bore himself with dignity.
He enjoyed the dish with great satisfaction. He'll order it again the next time he arrives.
I will run the sample.
Can I buy you a drink?
The dentist reamed out the debris in the course of the root canal treatment.
I keep my specimens under glass to protect them.
They listened to ten different performances.
It is their practice to give annual raises.
Set the tray down.
The two buildings touch.
Turn the earth in the Spring.
"Coordinate the painters, masons, and plumbers."
A ticket admits one into a playhouse.
The President was whisked away in his limo.
She checked for an instant and missed a step.
Don't run that software unless you have permission.
The floor of the pelvis.
Give thought to.
It may rain in which case the picnic will be canceled.
An interest in music.
She felt tired after the long hike.
Those were the days.
My uncle got roughed up by some corporate thugs after they caught him trying to unionize their workers.
All major networks carried the press conference.
Please write to me every week.
Water is found to be a compound substance.
He fought for breath.
Recent federal action undermined the segregationist position.
He was a member of a special police unit.
He converted his garden into a tennis court.
At the end of the year the accounting department showed that it was a wash.
The third link of the silver chain needs to be resoldered.
She got her mother's looks.
He threw nine straight balls before the manager yanked him.
He looked out at a roomful of faces.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
While there's life there's hope.
The first tourists began to arrive in Cambodia.
She never worked because she inherited a lot of money.
"I meant to take the car in for a smog check, but it slipped my mind."
Raise a shout.
A chauffeur opened the door of the limousine for the grand lady.
A drop of 57 points on the Dow Jones index.
He acted the idiot.
He stuck the point of the knife into a tree.
Our grant has run out and we can not keep you on.
Why the sad face?
She drives for the taxi company in Newark.
I make the height about 100 feet.
You really have to empathize with them.
I can't see him on horseback!
Have another bowl of chicken soup!
A small knot of women listened to his sermon.
They had a nice stay in Paris.
They closed the deal on the building.
We must develop more potential customers.
Leave the flowers that you see in the park behind.
This piano has a wonderful touch.
The admission charge.
The estate fell to the oldest daughter.
A good stomach for roast beef.
He drew a line on the chart.
He whispered a spell as he moved his hands.
Beat the egg whites.
He checked my kings.
Which letter comes before Y?
Nobody answered when I knocked on the door.
He led the national liberation front.
The rain started at 9:00.
Thomas listened to his favorite song on the radio yesterday.
He is running the Marathon this year.
The pipe snapped.
She is 4 years old.
"Her uncle is out hunting deer, now that it is open season."
The workers struck for a week before the new contract went through.
"She makes more than he does, and works longer hours than he does, but she still does most of the house-cleaning."
Use the net to land the fish.
He fell to his knees.
They sailed south around the point.
The water turned into ice.
They gained ground step by step.
There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm.
They hope to increase spaghetti production next year.
"At the end of the story, the main characters fall in love."
The judge stayed the execution order.
How fast does your new car go?
He is studying for the ministry.
Stir emotions.
Build detergents.
The emission of light from the sun.
I pulled a muscle in my leg when I jumped up.
Spread cheese on a piece of bread.
Back this enterprise.
Tennessee Valley Authority.
The patient recited a litany of complaints.
The house gave me a feeling of dread.
He was suffering from museum fatigue.
He checked the direction and velocity of the wind.
This thinking was applied to many projects.
Enter negotiations.
The car cut to the left at the intersection.
She fell ill.
Amanda trucked the package from Philadelphia to her mother's house.
She took a chill.
A broad movement of the electorate to the right.
There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm.
Toy with an idea.
They were in the eye of the storm.
The horse moves a carriage.
We avoided the ball.
How much do you charge for lunch?
The salesman works the Midwest.
The rate of unemployment is an indicator of the health of an economy.
Curled up on the foot of the bed.
The class of '97.
This song keeps going through my head.
A body will continue in a state of rest until acted upon.
Each generation must have its own rebellion.
Gather some stones.
Mount a play.
Where is the departure gate for flight 747? / Go straight down and to the right.
This hen doesn't lay.
Put the ships into commission.
That sound is the distinctive call of the cuckoo bird.
There are several good grips on the northern face of this rock.
They were discussing sectarianism between Shias and Sunnis.
The announcement of the verdict brought a violent reaction.
To raise somebody to office.
He hit a home run.
A terrible tsunami followed the earthquake.
His parents financed his college education.
Make a stir.
The President covered the fact that he bugged the offices in the White House.
She never touched her husband.
You have to spend money to make money!
A set of books.
Receive a gift.
The fire spared the forest floor.
She has an eye for fresh talent.
Truth to one's own feelings is all-important in life.
Steve is a boy of 16.
Turn cartwheels.
He admitted his errors.
World fair.
"He stood still, his heart thumping wildly."
The wind backed.
"I have the authority to penalise the staff in my department, but not the authority to sack them."
They tested his ability to locate objects in space.
How fast does your new car go?
Marlene dressed the baby.
That guy keeps interrupting the concert. Throw the bum out!
We will refer to the plane of the graph as the X-Y plane.
They collect the waste once a week.
Can you help me carry this table?
The story is going the rounds in Washington.
Carmen purchased a dress for $50.
He called me a bastard.
"Get me those books over there, please."
Legal restraints.
The government took a firm course.
He will need lots of practice with the lines before he performs them.
He gave a final set to his hat.
Toe the line.
You should enter marriage for love.
She made ten points in that game.
She served in Congress for two terms.
A small mom-and-pop business.
There were more than a thousand words of text.
To roughcast a wall or building.
Mary replaced Susan as the team's captain and the highest-ranked player in the school.
Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction.
She fell ill.
The thread wouldn't go through the eye.
The extension of 'satellite of Mars' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos.
Restore the stolen painting to its rightful owner.
On the pedestal stood a statue.
They had sex in the back seat.
Refine paper stock.
Government and business could not agree.
The leopard is noted for the spots of color in its fur.
Set up an experiment.
Book fair.
Come with me to the Casbah.
The institution of marriage.
The end was exciting.
I went on holiday and got malaria.
The heat radiates from a stove.
What do we have here?
Did you find your glasses?
One of the old masters.
The patient does not tolerate the anti-inflammatory drugs we gave him.
Early Mayan civilization.
The pull of the current.
The water's edge.
Her hands are really strong.
The room has a wooden floor.
His sour breath offended her.
He stopped the car on the shoulder of the highway to change the flat tire.
She spoke with authority.
Force equals mass times acceleration.
Early morning classes are always sleepy.
A stream of people emptied from the terminal.
I can not keep track of all my employees.
Why the sad face?
Cut a disk.
The process of calcification begins later for boys than for girls.
He knows about 19th century politics.
It was their habit to dine at 7 every evening.
To suspect the presence of disease.
Raise a sad cry.
She owes me $200.
"It's a good thought, but it will be a difficult thing to implement."
This military post provides an important source of income for the town nearby.
"By law, one is not allowed to own a wallaby in New York City."
Step off ten yards.
Genius usually follows a revolutionary path.
A relief pitcher took over in the top of the fifth.
The extension of 'satellite of Mars' is the set containing only Demos and Phobos.
Paul laughed at Mary.
She finally drove him to change jobs.
We can use this mathematical formula to solve the problem.
The roof of the cave was very high.
* They his gifts acknowledged none. -- John Milton.
Cut a hole.
I hope to become one of their number before I die.
This paper will add to her reputation.
She answered the door.
Finished the test only with great difficulty.
The car's finish was so shiny and new.
He came singing down the road.
He remembered her in his will.
The stitches of the hem worked loose after she wore the skirt many times.
Great wealth is not a sign of great intelligence.
"If you see this man, run!"
The machine is now in working order.
A patch of clouds.
These ugly billboards have to go!
He tried to avoid any brushes with the police.
Turn the clay on the wheel.
Bullets snapped past us.
The time of year for planting.
Make a cake.
She tested high on the LSAT and was admitted to all the good law schools.
Dress the patient.
His camera does his looking for him.
How can you say such a thing?
I couldn't shake the car that was following me.
When is your baby due?
Launch window.
They have serious linguistic deficits.
This experience transformed her completely.
A study of the physical properties of atomic particles.
I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes.
The fall of the House of Hapsburg.
Everyone trusted him with their confidences.
They attacked the enemy's line.
At what times do the trains arrive?
Some fool has thrown a rock through my window.
I didn't have time to finish.
You don't have the stuff to be a United States Marine.
I tell you that man is a crook!
Objections were voiced on every hand.
He showed signs of strain.
Once a nation is embarked on a course of action it becomes extremely difficult for any retraction to take place.
He takes the lead in any group.
He covered left field.
They rolled from town to town.
The boat had a metallic finish.
I'll hold you by your promise.
Shoot a movie.
I have to catch a train at 7 o'clock.
Most soldiers are only boys in uniform.
Strike a pose.
Approach a task.
He did a stretch in the federal penitentiary.
Raise a protest.
Strike a bargain.
How does your idea work in practice?
Any painter can benefit from the presence of a live model from which to draw.
This argument was the hinge on which the question turned.
I can't use this tool.
"The bill came to $2,000."
A grain of sand.
Drive the cows into the barn.
I dropped in on the surgery as I was passing to show the doctor my hemorrhoids.
She packs a gun when she goes into the mountains.
"Make the most of your youth, it will not last forever."
Block the book cover.
This proposal meets my requirements.
Business competition can be fiendish at times.
Mandela was allowed few visitors in prison.
The 1960's saw the rebellion of the younger generation against established traditions.
Piecas kronas -- five krona.
"Before his first walking holiday, he went to a specialist outfitter to buy some boots."
The movie was entertaining from start to finish.
"He made as if to punch him, but they both laughed and shook hands."
I saw their laughing and joking.
She invented a potato peeler.
This led to an unfortunate chain of events.
We avoided the area.
The culprit started to run and the cop took off in pursuit.
The dawn turned night into day.
He slipped on the ice and broke his leg.
He had a time holding back the tears.
This storm is certainly a change for the worse.
Flatten a road.
"In a small number of horses, muscle weakness may progress to paralysis."
Bees filled the waxen cups with honey.
Raise a family.
"She engaged in adultery because her spouse has a low libido, while hers is very high."
Each answer counts as three points.
Where is the departure gate for flight 747? / Go straight down and to the right.
After just one night in the jungle I was covered with mosquito bites.
The light dropped from the ceiling.
Follow a pattern.
In your element.
His roses were beauties.
In a weak financial state.
A shrub of spreading habit.
The orchestra omitted the last twelve bars of the song.
He did all that on a shoestring budget.
I gave my coat to the beggar.
He plays the flute.
Was that a yes?
A terrible tsunami followed the earthquake.
This procedure provides for lots of leeway.
He took a course in basket weaving.
As the intensity increased the sensation changed from tickle to pain.
She is bearing his child.
Ship rides at anchor.
The amplifier drives the tube.
He drives a bread truck.
Didn't know the way home.
I want to see whether she speaks French.
We barely made it to the finish line.
He was arrested and taken down to Sun Hill nick police station to be charged.
"The unforgiving dogma of Stalinism is that what the party leader, however cruel and incompetent, decrees, however absurd, must be accepted as law."
The fertilizer leached into the ground.
This school is well-known for having teachers of high quality.
Let's stretch for a minute -- we've been sitting here for over 3 hours.
It pays to go through the trouble.
The ice cream sundae is a popular choice for dessert.
I went to see my friend Mary the other day.
The blade broke her skin.
Armored from head to foot.
Turn the heat down.
This action swung many votes over to his side.
Use this knife to slice the bread.
The government tried to accelerate the commercialization of this development.
Not a breath of scandal ever touched her.
Darwinian thought.
In the days of the Roman Empire.
Make lead into gold.
He occupies two rooms on the top floor.
Mount a play.
He understood the foulness of sin.
Ellen told a story to Helen.
The newspaper published charges that Jones was guilty of drunken driving.
"Please turn to Part I, Chapter 2."
The dog down the street has a lax owner.
This phone has the ability to have its software upgraded wirelessly.
He knew the rules of chess.
Events now in process.
The kids were playing outside all day.
A body of doctrine.
Genius and insanity spring from the same taproot.
If you were in my place what would you do?
Venice was an important center of trade with the East.
The movie hits theaters in December.
An important piece of the evidence.
He is the best one.
The boat was found in within the territorial waters.
To pack fish.
He dreamed of a home on the range.
He doesn't know how to use a computer.
What do you make of his remarks?
Catch some sleep.
The English Channel lies between France and England.
The employer wants to cut back health benefits.
Start a new job.
The wall gave in.
The building was levelled.
The new law will come into effect on the first day of next year.
The chemical undergoes a sudden change.
Forget the past.
He performed in drag.
Pull the handle towards you.
I trust you will behave better from now on.
A mere ribbon of land.
You can't survive in the army without a sense of humor.
"C. 1925: Come, force the gates with crowbars, prise them apart! -- Jack Lindsay, translation of Lysistrata."
The chain of command.
Hitler took the Baltic Republics.
It was an old briefcase but it still had a good grip.
Most primates have a tail and fangs.
It just won't make much of a difference to anyone.
His weakness increased as he became older.
Fever left him weak on his sticks.
The curtain fell on the diva.
The house was a wreck when they bought it.
To set pear trees in an orchard.
I didn't mean to knock your tooth out.
The brothers sell shoes.
I caught him with a solid shot to the chin.
Many sunken ships rest on the ocean floor.
The gun points with ease.
This opens up new possibilities.
Leave it as is.
The wheels are turning.
Pick pockets.
"Papra krona -- paper krona (i.e., bills, banknotes)."
She brought back a mess of fish to fix for supper.
The newspaper published charges that Jones was guilty of drunken driving.
He stood at the foot of the tower.
She asked how to avoid kissing at the end of a date.
He asked for a drink of water.
Analyze a chemical compound.
They had a good time together.
Tip the screen upward.
She never helps around the house.
I certainly approved of Mary's acquaitance.
The admission charge.
The sun was beating down on us.
A horse hates having a bit put in its mouth.
John feared his mother's reaction when she saw the broken lamp.
He earned his degree at Princeton summa cum laude.
The building rose before them.
I hit the jackpot.
Stretch your legs!
Do you communicate well with your advisor?
She didn't get the joke.
They expected the drop would be successful.
It brought the scandal to light.
He grew up in a good Christian home.
Business has been slow lately.
Would you like some tea?
A score were sent out but only one returned.
His coin collection included the complete series of Indian-head pennies.
"In this picture, the figures are foiled against the background."
Many deaf people communicate with sign language.
There was a connection via the internet.
Lift potatoes.
Can we extend the legs of this dining table?
The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x) = 2*x.
A bit of lint.
Now is the right time.
Varieties are frequently recognized in botany.
The fashion did not catch.
He had served in financial planning positions.
Catch some sleep.
The prisoners made their escape by digging a tunnel.
The Cotswolds were once at the forefront of woollen manufacturing in England.
He felt his flesh crawl.
They analyzed the river into three parts.
The houseguests had to camp in the living room.
A treatment or cure is applied after a medical problem has already started.
Cut recording tape.
Let us say that he did not tell the truth.
We will consider performance issues under the head of future improvements.
You were a fool to cross that busy road without looking.
They say that three moves equal one fire.
"The small shirt doesn't fit me, so I'll buy the medium size."
The wholesaler broke the container loads into palettes and boxes for local retailers.
He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison.
I've got to go to the head.
There are 360 degrees in a circle.
I can't remember saying any such thing.
I know it's time.
The child was as good as gold.
Let the dogs run free.
His eyes fell.
She admitted us.
He inspected several changes before selecting one.
To pay attention.
He spent the day drawing in the garden.
She stayed until his death.
These pipes carry waste water into the river.
I caught him with a solid shot to the chin.
He has the run of the house.
Beat the table with his shoe.
I'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me.
Lift a load.
Now is a good time to do it.
He had a time holding back the tears.
Is there any post for me?
"The Germans struck Poland on Sept. 1, 1939."
He paid all his bills by check.
He hadn't had any love in months.
Toe the line.
I asked for a hot drink.
Printed matter.
He bought it for a song.
They developed a scheme of mutual support.
Voltage peak.
Where did you come from?
The war against crime.
I'll take that plate off the table.
Law and order.
He did four sets of the incline bench press.
A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality.
The scale of the map.
Raise a family.
The sweat cut little rivulets into her face.
The foot of the list.
There are several species of wild flowers growing in this field.
Give the orders.
The media representatives had special passes.
To snap a fastener.
She gave a pair of shoes to her husband for their anniversary.
Europe considered as a whole.
The train hit the buffers with a great shock.
The trackless wastes of the desert.
Window of opportunity.
The soldiers were popping.
The troops carried the town after a brief fight.
The ball hit the fence.
Field work traditionally distinguishes true archaeologists from armchair archaeologists.
"""Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art"" -- Joseph Conrad."
The river takes a southern course.
They make a cute couple.
Chew with your mouth shut -- were you raised in a barn?
The yolks and the whites intermingled.
There is a stopover to change planes in Chicago.
He didn't have the language to express his feelings.
"A normal year has 365 full days, but there are 366 days in a leap year."
The registrar says that I owe the school money.
The horse threw its inexperienced rider.
I'm afraid this spells trouble!
Everyone helped out during the earthquake.
Shall we take a guide in Rome?
He came from France.
Come out of the closet!
Turn the dial to 10.
The women traced the pasture.
I'd like some goose liver pate.
There was a tension in the air which made me suspect an approaching storm.
Pour me a fresh beer; this one has no head.
We agreed what to do.
Europeans often laugh at American energy.
The rules forbid us from smoking.
She had a smile on her face.
Be sure to give my respects to the dean.
You really have to empathize with their doing it.
The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end.
They climbed the north face of the mountain.
The balloon cleared the tree tops.
His family has lived in Massachusetts since the Mayflower.
Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet.
She prepared a special dish for dinner.
It is not the local practice to wear shorts to dinner.
She wore a smile all day.
Cover the child with a blanket.
Block a plate for printing.
He taught foreign languages.
They ran twenty blood tests on me and they still don't know what's wrong.
A head of steam.
There was no shortness of money.
There was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery.
The average return was about 5%.
I didn't have a good deal all evening.
She likes to read Russian novels.
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses.
Draw blood and pus.
We ran the ad three times.
Don't scratch your insect bites!
He rode into the mouth of the canyon.
He blamed his slip on the ice.
Have a lover.
The control condition was inappropriate for the conclusions he wished to draw.
His stories made him the center of the party.
He has a house on Cape Cod.
A wall of prejudice.
They suffered a convincing licking.
He took a drag on his cigarette and expelled the smoke slowly.
The water came to a boil.
Shop til you drop.
Play cowboy and Indians.
She never keeps her promises.
We must strike the enemy's oil fields.
The player made an impressive catch.
I caught some Z's on the train.
Cut the engines when the plane comes to a halt!
It's your turn; go.
"Be sure to keep your nose to the grindstone today; the suits are making a ""surprise"" visit to this department."
The speech crowned the meeting.
Develop the rook.
She played all her money on the dark horse.
I have dibs on that last slice of pizza.
He made a great splash and then disappeared.
It is still my play.
You'll pay for this!
The living room was pure camp.
I estimate the trip will take about ten minutes.
She gave him First Aid.
The hard work took its toll on her.
The end of town.
The trunk held all her meager treasures.
The judge leniently granted a sentence with no hard time.
The lion lashed its tail.
The patient developed severe pain and distension.
Take a cookie!
He stopped the car and turned off the lights.
The currents well up.
I beat the traffic.
The heart and soul of any democracy is its electorate.
The boat floated on the water.
What are you driving at?
The tumult of the spirits or passions.
He tested for the presence of radon.
There have been documented cases of morphologically male transgenders having XX chromosomes.
Report the news as it develops.
He took a drink of his beer and smacked his lips.
We took a pay cut.
The bad news shook her hopes.
In a static system oil can not be replaced by water on a surface.
It came as a shock to learn that he was injured.
His body strengthened.
The foot of the list.
This property goes all the way to the state line.
Amanda carried the package to New York.
A serious loss of business.
Strike a pose.
She was charged with supervising the creation of a concordance.
Language sets homo sapiens apart from all other animals.
Moral bankruptcy.
The wind blew against the walls of the tent.
There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies.
They are on the way.
The frequency of his seizures increased as he grew older.
That's news to me.
A 'B' grade doesn't suffice to get me into medical school.
Fire was one of our ancestors' first discoveries.
In England 'fanny' is vulgar slang for female genitals.
I saw their laughing and joking.
How many credits is this student carrying?
The water rolled.
The ball hit the fence.
The movie hits theaters in December.
Raise the specter of unemployment.
He turned traitor.
He had no sons and there was no one to carry on his name.
Our computers connected together.
Make the bed.
Meteors blazed across the atmosphere.
That kid is a terrible pain.
He has a thing about seafood.
It was on the order of a mile.
"They saw that the night was quickly drawing in, so they pitched their tent."
It was an expensive watch with a diamond movement.
He paid off the loan three months early.
Magnolias belong to the order Magnoliales.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
She got a job in the historical section of the Treasury.
The wind backed.
The salesman's call on a customer.
He made a scene.
Government and business could not agree.
Execute the decision of the people.
"Hitler attacked Poland on September 1, 1939 and started World War II."
Open a business.
We found out that she had been fiddling for years.
A prison term.
He won without any trouble.
A sense of happiness.
He listened for the progress of the troops.
She told a funny story.
Will $100 do?
He is a floor trader.
Scramblers can often unnerve a better tennis player.
Natives were amazed at the apparition of this white stranger.
"After that night in the church, I believed."
The snow lies on the roof.
They shot 20 head of quail.
He managed a hurl of 50.3 metres.
His opinions appeared frequently on the editorial page.
I can't use this tool.
He made to speak but said nothing in the end.
He didn't miss a single day of school.
Make a move.
Their anger came to a boil.
Turn towards me.
The end was exciting.
He loaded carbs into his system before the marathon.
There is no better time than now.
The drawer rolled open.
A multinational operation.
"By law, one is not allowed to own a wallaby in New York City."
He has a house on Cape Cod.
I spent the time worrying about the future.
Their encounter was a matter of chance.
The rules forbid our smoking.
Catch a glimpse.
The friends stuck together through the war.
Electrify an appliance.
Why don't you call tomorrow?
Can you wash away the spots on the windows?
I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news.
The first success came three days later.
Can you see the bird in that tree?
The light of my life.
"""Certain rights can never be granted to the government but must be kept in the hands of the people"" -- Eleanor Roosevelt."
Those clouds show signs of raining soon.
In your element.
A ball of twine.
He woke with a start.
He took a shower after the game.
Set the house afire.
Platoons of tourists poured out of the busses.
Look on the bright side.
We haven't heard from them to date.
Raise a protest.
The crowded canvas of history.
We sat around the fire singing songs and telling stories.
I lifted the books onto the table.
The set of his mind was obvious.
I felt my way cautiously through the dangerous business maneuver.
No schools offer graduate study in interior design.
A gradual mixture of cultures.
Raise your hands.
The fortune teller read his fate in the crystal ball.
Today there will be frequent showers and some sunny spells.
He couldn't afford $50 a throw.
"In the fifth inning, the Giants struck, sending three runners home to win the game 5 to 2."
The boulder came to rest just behind the house after rolling down the mountain.
My headache has no connection with me going out last night.
My wife made me buy a new sofa.
Her expression changed from joy to misery after realising her winning lottery ticket had expired.
The book runs 655 pages.
Reduce one's standard of living.
"After the trial period, she was asked to stay on and work full-time."
Beat one's foot rhythmically.
His bare feet projected from his trousers.
"While being impulsive can be great for artists, it is not a desirable quality for engineers."
There are three apples; count them.
We stayed in Hawaii for a week.
Soul was politically significant during the Civil Rights movement.
"The average distance to the Moon is 384,400 kilometers."
His retina detached and he had to be rushed into surgery.
The fire beamed on their faces.
Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship.
She reported several anonymous calls.
She fell to pieces after she lost her work.
Picasso's blue period.
Pay a debt.
Get going!
The pilot made contact with the base.
"Hey baby, what are you doing later?"
He went to Las Vegas and spent all his money over a three-day run.
Pull a bank robbery.
A treatment or cure is applied after a medical problem has already started.
He made a fool of himself at the meeting.
He made a motion to adjourn.
"At her death, she left behind her husband and 11 cats."
I keep my specimens under glass to protect them.
I need some fresh air.
His editorials provided a vehicle for his political views.
Block the wheels of a car.
Dress the plants in the garden.
There stood on the corner a statue.
Pack your tents to the top of the mountain.
"I only got a glimpse of the car, so I can tell you the colour but not the registration number."
I was standing on the corner when Nick came up and asked for a cigarette.
Normalize the spelling.
He begged her to go to the prom with him.
He hid in the separation between walls.
They hoped to avoid a break in relations.
He put his desk in order.
The ship will call in Honolulu tomorrow.
The pianist negociated the difficult runs.
He was caught in the act of stealing a biscuit.
The head of the list.
The mother provides emotional anchorage for the entire family.
The wheels are turning.
This fellow charges $100 for a massage.
The boxer struck the attacker dead.
The ocean was finally at rest.
How much furniture did they leave behind?
She felt small and insignificant.
Conservatism has many voices.
The position of the hands on the clock.
You can't react to the day-to-day blips.
Tell what happened.
Come with me to the Casbah.
The exception proves the rule.
I carry her image in my mind's eye.
I shall be writing to you soon.
Gutenberg's reproduction of holy texts was far more efficient.
He ate a third of the pie.
Check the oil in your car once a month.
Cereals must be protected from mice and other vermin.
Skill is the product of hours of practice.
The parents locked her daughter up for the weekend.
He saw that he had lost his audience.
The dam broke.
He is two heads taller than his little sister.
The one with the most points will win the game.
I can't remember saying any such thing.
There is reason to believe he is lying.
This sweater is an all-wool number.
His heroism saved a life.
He hasn't got the sense God gave little green apples.
Raise a siege.
There remains the question of who pulled the trigger.
The sky is blue.
The ball rolled into the corner pocket.
The hum of distant traffic.
There's a nice frilly border around the picture frame.
What make of car do you drive?
He was up two breaks in the second set.
They found the body in the lake.
I always keep batteries in the freezer.
"He sat on the arm of the chair rather than the seat, which always annoyed his mother."
His instructions deliberately gave them the wrong set.
Getting through that small opening was a tight squeeze.
Kronas kurss -- the exchange rate of the krona.
A woman's place is no longer in the kitchen.
The key to solving this problem is persistence.
She rode a wave of popularity.
Wanda taught the students.
There's no place like home.
I cuddled the baby.
Pull weeds.
The animal undergoes regular spells of arousal.
"He got a job at the lumberyard, working the big saw for planks."
Pianists practice scales.
He repaired to his cabin in the woods.
The temperature could hit 110 F tomorrow.
Politeness militated against this opinion being expressed.
Beat the subway fare.
We should go farther in this matter.
Please bring me the copies of those reports.
She knew of our plan.
"The cycle of the seasons, or of the year."
She really caught the spirit of the place in her drawings.
In my round of golf yesterday I shot a 76.
The price is in the neighborhood of $100.
The cost in human life was enormous.
Keep a diary.
Glue the two parts together.
The cells reduce.
I start my day with a good breakfast.
Set these words in italics.
She felt she had to get out of the house.
This room needs a woman's touch.
The return of spring.
He carried his small bag onto the plane with him.
She admitted us here.
Be taken drunk.
Ocean circulation is an important part of global climate.
The man charged with murder popped a valium to calm his nerves.
Wheat or rye shells in reaping.
The wax melted in the sun.
When you have a monopoly you can ask any price you like.
His voice fell to a whisper.
Owen Sound.
The community warmly received the refugees.
They dipped into the taxpayers' pockets.
There's no work on the land any more.
Draw a deep breath.
To militate in favor of a particular result.
They had to consolidate their operations.
A head of lettuce.
Be careful when you pet that dog on the head; it may bite.
"Matchmaker, can you match my daughter with a nice young man?"
They're our neighbours across the street.
He rented an office in the new building.
She died from cancer.
A set of teeth.
A row of points.
By no stretch of the imagination.
The weather held.
Although I don't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures.
Get permission to take a few days off from work.
The floor of a cave served the refugees as a home.
Can I get change for this $100 bill please?
The incessant voices of the artillery.
A sense of security.
Point the letter.
His good upbringing really shows.
They played as long as it was light.
While there's life there's hope.
A reseller's commission.
It is dangerous to look at the beam of a laser while it is in operation.
Draw parallels.
Being a child is all fun and games.
The coach drew up the plays for her team.
"Each person is unique, both mentally and physically."
The key to development is economic integration.
Make enemies.
He's in the nick.
When will the meeting be?
Keep the commandments.
Drive a nail into the wall.
The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military.
She's got such a gob on her -- she's always gossiping about someone or other.
Games in the classroom can make learning fun.
I'd like some goose liver pate.
"Hold this bowl for a moment, please."
There stood on the corner a statue.
Draw a wagon.
This company is what made you.
Now is your chance.
She keeps an apartment in Paris for her shopping trips.
Clear the patrons from the theater after the bomb threat.
She never keeps her promises.
"Copy from one, it's plagiarism. Copy from two, it's research."
She bought a lovely piece of china.
He recorded the spoken language of the streets.
His story brought tears to her eyes.
Turn the car around.
He is on the purchasing side of the business.
The volume of ticket sales decreased this week.
He expects to find in us the common honesty and integrity of men of business.
Keep smiling.
Her hand stopped in mid air.
Which letter comes before Y?
He built a modest dwelling near the pond.
Stain this table a beautiful walnut color.
His remarks played to the suspicions of the committee.
I fear for their safety.
An explosion of rage.
British is a hyponym of European.
My ex-husband means nothing to me.
A text file will have a file extension of .txt.
This brings me to the main point.
Turn a somersault.
The very picture of a modern general.
Launch window.
Clothes make the man.
The Shakespeare Company is offering 'King Lear' this month.
They tracked him back toward the head of the stream.
IBM received an order for a hundred computers.
There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies.
The ship leaves at midnight.
The engine has a wheel that is playing in a rack.
Under the head of minor Roman poets.
How much furniture did they leave behind?
The army made a final stand at the Rhone.
"I served him three times, and after that he helped himself."
The average return was about 5%.
He had become an institution in the theater.
The reenactment of the battle of Princeton.
This piano has a wonderful touch.
They held a sale to reduce their inventory.
The teenager couldn't bear the shame of introducing his parents.
He looked out at a roomful of faces.
They stopped at an open space in the jungle.
She'll make a fine president.
Many factors are involved in any estimate of human life.
His mood swings.
Candidates must compete in a trial of skill.
This led to an unfortunate chain of events.
This piano wants the attention of a competent tuner.
He walked to school every morning.
The bare skeleton of a novel.
"Gravitation r svagare n elektromagnetismen, men pverkar all materia och energi."
"""A happy readiness of conversation"" -- Jane Austen."
The roof finally gave under the weight of the ice.
He betrayed their trust.
There were not enough seats for all the guests.
The rubber band stretched almost to the breaking point.
He keeps bees.
Press a record.
He hit .300 in the past season.
These computers connected well.
The play was just a vehicle to display her talents.
After watching TV with her husband she had a bad case of football fatigue.
Take action.
"Having experienced both, the vampire decided that he preferred (un)death to life."
You'll pay for this opinion later.
Their parting was a sad scene.
This room needs a woman's touch.
To repair to sanctuary for safety.
Sign language.
The tape was playing for hours.
A person of considerable account.
The people turned against the President when he stole the election.
"1919: I think he must have been trying to prise open that box yonder when he was attacked. -- Sax Rohmer, The Quest of the Sacred Slipper."
He made a figure of Santa Claus.
The surf broke.
I was born in the year 1950.
He is on the purchasing side of the business.
She carried a sack of groceries in from the car and set it on the kitchen table.
Use this knife to slice the bread.
He was allowed to go as soon as he paid.
A leak in a roof.
They are accused of conspiring to constrain trade.
He has a weakness for chocolate.
One of the qualities of pure iron is that it does not rust easily.
The eagle beat its wings and soared high into the sky.
Trade fair.
I discovered how to do it.
The riverside drive offers many exciting scenic views.
The ball hit the fence.
Can you connect the two loudspeakers?
Keep the faith.
"Looking at him as he came into the room, I took him for his father."
Salt has a disposition to dissolve in water.
He had lost control of his sphincters.
The trail led straight to the perpetrator.
The foot of the mountain.
Gold field.
The dollar is the United States unit of currency.
The circumstances ensured a good outcome for him.
In most soccer games there are three officials: the referee and two linesmen.
It pays to go through the trouble.
A grain of salt.
They dropped her after she had a child out of wedlock.
(The believers ... those ...) who abstain from sex.
I can't buy this story.
A Cadillac makes a statement about who you are.
12 head of big cattle and 14 head of branded calves.
The library needs volunteers to help shelve books.
They say luck is a lady.
Trace the student's progress.
I need to get a good rest tonight; I was up late last night.
Sophisticate rose water with geraniol.
He needed a piece of granite.
"When they asked, I gave my coat."
Check the oil in your car once a month.
He had a number of chores to do.
His support made a real difference.
She was burning with anger.
The minister served the King for many years.
Give one's name.
I begged to come.
She caught her son eating candy.
"The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and, if leave be granted, to appeal against these sentences."
The country developed its natural resources.
There are 8 bits in a byte.
I couldn't believe my luck when I found a fifty dollar bill on the street.
"To apply for the position, complete the application form."
Academies of literature and philology.
I was standing on the corner when Nick came up and asked for a cigarette.
Sound and light propagate in this medium.
They fell out of favor.
You treated me like a fool.
A military buildup in preparation for the invasion.
There is a lovely little church in the valley.
Calculate the roll of that aircraft.
Can you teach sewing to me?
Pick up the burden of high-interest mortgages.
Bear a resemblance.
"You've been drinking, haven't you?"
To pay attention.
The young geisha was inducted into the ways of her profession.
Our exertions ensured a good outcome.
He comes from a place near Chicago.
Flirting is not unknown in college classes.
Did you get it?
A black limousine passed by when she looked out the window.
The terrorists seized the politicians.
Water is dripping from the faucet.
The wound I got in my car accident left behind a massive scar.
I wouldn't touch her with a ten-foot pole.
He took a course in lifesaving.
There was a grain of truth in what he said.
I understand how to do it.
Hold the horse.
Shoot craps.
A ball of wool.
They were swept up by the events.
She didn't touch her food all night.
Communism's Russian root.
The leaves were blowing in the wind.
Stretch your legs!
He has a smooth line but I didn't fall for it.
We are staying in Detroit.
"Penny was in the scullery, pressing the body of her new dress."
The Scots are famous for their economy.
There wasn't that much elbow room in the aircraft.
He worked in the coal beds.
The restaurant carries an unusual name.
Get nauseous.
There are twelve iotas on that page.
He told the doctor that he had been taking his prescription regularly.
A door case.
The broadcast reached an audience of millions.
The session was drawn to a close.
The end of the pier.
Give bond.
The performance was fine until he cracked that dead baby joke.
"He got clearance to travel to America, even though he had previous links to terrorists."
Massage has far-reaching medical applications.
Use your head!
A lucky stiff.
He stopped the car and turned off the lights.
I had to break a $100 bill just to buy the candy.
Cinnamon sticks.
Silly phrases fell from her mouth.
Heat the water on the stove.
When was the last time we went out? I don't remember.
The leaks by Chelsea Manning showed the secrets of the US military.
When was the last time we went out? I don't remember.
Jones hit for the pitcher.
The doctor will see you now.
They put it into containers for ease of transportation.
Bank a fire.
He stuck the cloth with the needle.
24 hours of TV coverage of the US election verged on overkill.
Is there any post for me?
This song keeps going through my head.
"Molecular recognition drives all of biology, for instance, hormone and receptor or antibody-antigen interactions or the organization of molecules into larger biologically active entities."
Catch a show on Broadway.
"Now that we're all in agreement, we can put that issue to rest."
I don't like the looks of this place.
A sense of security.
"After graduation, she stayed on in Cambridge as a student adviser."
You'll pay for this opinion later.
He requested an audience with the king.
They say that every politician has a price.
Call roll.
The traffic patterns around O'Hare are very crowded.
Flip over the pork chop.
Carmen bought a dress from Diana.
Turn your dance partner around.
"Idly, the detective thought what his next move should be."
The dog was drowned by the boy.
There is not a drop of pity in that man.
The local train does not connect with the Amtrak train.
I have to hit the MAC machine before the weekend starts.
The French Academy.
She gave great head.
The dollar is the United States unit of currency.
The dry leaves were rustling in the breeze.
Many religious beliefs are based on miracles.
I hold with those who say life is sacred.
The move into my fianc's house took two long days.
He erred by the appointment of unsuitable men.
Ditch a lover.
We went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles.
Doesn't that patch of clouds looks like a bunny?
The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight.
He joined the defense against invasion.
Come this way and I'll show you a shortcut.
His sudden appearance surprised me.
As he waited he could feel the air on his neck.
Our choice of concrete will have a tremendous impact on the building's mechanical performance.
Let's get down to work now.
He spread fertilizer over the lawn.
The teacher struck the child.
He gave a howl of pain.
They forget to solder the contacts.
The dog was drowned by the boy.
Put a big sign on each face of the building that can be seen from the road.
He tried to memorizes all the dates for his history class.
At five years of age this head of cattle is worth perhaps $40.
The creek spun its course through the woods.
He always wears a smile.
In the days of sailing ships.
She is training to be a teacher.
The judge stayed the execution order.
It's a long way to Moscow.
Negotiations ran into a brick wall.
A cube has six sides.
In conclusion I want to say ...
Fever left him weak on his sticks.
Only sight and touch enable us to locate objects in the space around us.
He angers easily.
He had terrible feelings of guilt.
Philip's dwelling fronted on the street. -- Alfred Tennyson.
Booze will be the finish of him.
We focused on reading the book.
The school keeps parents informed.
About a dozen animals were held inside the stockade.
He took a course in basket weaving.
I can't follow your line of reasoning.
Bearing orders.
A liberal political complexion.
The athlete pulled a tendon in the competition.
The head of the column advanced boldly.
The developing drug culture.
Voices broke in the air.
"In the post WWII era, several eastern European countries came into the orbit of the Soviet Union."
I attended an interesting talk on local history.
The tire punctured.
She opened the book to page 37 and began to read aloud.
The richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty.
The child rode on his mother's hips.
Lift an embargo.
Play with her feelings.
She checked for an instant and missed a step.
'maison' means 'house' in French.
The athlete pumps weights in the gym.
Our computers connected.
Put a check mark in the box corresponding to the correct answer.
He got his arm broken in the scuffle.
We wore gorilla costumes to the party.
Agassi beat Becker in the tennis championship.
The church was empty.
Close the door.
He felt his flesh crawl.
"It had been six days since his departure, when I received a letter from him."
In your behalf.
A wall of water.
We know this movie.
A detail was sent to remove the fallen trees.
Her face went red with anger.
He has a smooth line but I didn't fall for it.
Bernstein conducted Mahler like no other conductor.
Raise the roof.
Change per unit volume.
I blocked the mittens by wetting them and pinning them to a shaped piece of cardboard.
The principles of democracy.
It was too dark to determine his identity.
Business has been slow lately.
Extract a bad tooth.
Hold these truths to be self-evident.
The children were playing ball in the garden.
His support made a real difference.
Electricians get accustomed to occasional shocks.
They were carrying two keys of heroin.
I smell trouble.
He avoided going to the area.
The airplane cabin is pressurized.
The musicians left their instrument cases backstage.
"The tennis player lobbed the ball, which was a costly mistake."
The President's wisdom has served the country well.
Winter comes after autumn.
I discovered how she did it.
The cream has turned -- we have to throw it out.
He used pliers to work the wire into shape.
She called it a day and went to bed.
The trend of the stock market.
He longed for the fields of his youth.
The senator carried his home state.
There were stretches of boredom.
The business partners broke over a tax question.
Her childish behavior really get to me.
They collected and cut their own firewood.
He will make a splendid father!
The insurance won't cover this.
She had a fit and had thrown all of his clothes out of the window.
She finally drove him to change jobs.
In many corners of the world they still practice slavery.
Pull the trigger of the gun.
She felt an object brushing her arm.
He took a shower after the game.
The pedophile turned to boys for satisfaction.
A sampler of French poets.
The voice of the law.
He hit a home run.
The government provides support to the arts in several ways.
His future depended on his passing that test.
This sweater is an all-wool number.
After he saw the latest development he changed his mind and became a supporter.
There was a drop in pressure in the pulmonary artery.
He arrived at work early today.
Employees of a nonprofit rarely make as much as greedy counterparts in the commercial world.
He reserved a large block of seats.
"By the use of tact, she was able to calm her jealous husband."
Dry rot did the job of destroying the barn.
The lovers scratched their names into the bark of the tree.
Can you give me lessons?
Treat the infection with antibiotics.
"What he said really hurt my feelings, but his apology sounded so sincere that I couldn't help but forgive him."
Dress the patient.
He was a charter member of the movement.
Each flavor of quarks comes in three colors.
I couldn't believe my luck when I found a fifty dollar bill on the street.
I think he is very smart.
They clambered to the tip of Monadnock.
The song of the wind.
A 'B' grade doesn't suffice to get me into medical school.
Cure resin.
What did you get at the toy store?
It pays to go through the trouble.
The process of thinking.
One curve osculates the other.
They had a quarrel.
The Bronze Age was followed by the Iron Age.
This onion dip is just scrumptious.
God's grace is manifested in the salvation of sinners.
The painting of Mary carries motherly love.
He played with his rubber ball in the bathtub.
The bacterial growth vegetated along.
The clone was a copy of its ancestor.
The twig broke off the branch.
The baby was a boy.
Estimates of the city's loss on that job ranged as high as a million dollars.
A life characterized by thriftlessness and waste.
The change was intended to increase sales.
"I misplayed the tennis shot, I should have hit it to her right instead of left and she'd have had more trouble returning it."
These computers connected well together.
His reaction was the product of hunger and fatigue.
Keep the house clean; I have company coming.
The book lies on the table.
This pipe admits air.
They welcomed the signs of spring.
He detected a note of sarcasm.
Earthquakes originate far below the surface.
The rubber ball bounced.
Park the car on the level.
Consider what follows from the positivist view.
To offset one charge against another.
He pulled out his gun before she had a chance to scream.
The deed was drawn in the lawyer's office.
The dog down the street has a lax owner.
The scale of the map.
I wish I had seen the look on his face when he got the news.
Pay attention.
It resulted in a complete denial of his privileges.
A logical statement which is neither a tautology nor a contradiction is a contingency.
Pele played for the Brazilian teams in many important matches.
What is all that stuff on your bedroom floor?
She was killed in the collision of three cars.
The plains lay just beyond the mountain range.
Did you two break the trolley by racing with it?
There was a gap in his account.
The voting process doesn't work as well as people thought.
Turn your face to the wall.
Screen these samples.
I admired the fit of her coat.
She was made president of the club.
There were two hundred people at his funeral.
The head of the compass needle is pointing due north.
The didacticism expected in books for the young.
Keep my job for me while I give birth.
I can never remember movie titles.
He peeled off five one-thousand-zloty notes.
He got AIDS.
Skill is the product of hours of practice.
Get your butt to the car.
A transmitter in Samoa was heard calling.
He has a special place in my thoughts.
Schubert's song cycles.
The teaching consists of theory lessons and case studies.
She offered to pay the bill.
He took his leave.
My new truck drives well.
You really have to empathize with them.
Venus' disk cut off light from the Sun.
He plays on three teams.
The difference in her is amazing.
Shall we shuck walnuts?
He applied a coat of a clear finish.
It is part of the fabric of society.
I don't take sugar in my coffee.
Offset deposits and withdrawals.
"Christian charity, or love, stands first in the rank of gifts."
I have two years left.
The piano had a very stiff action.
Bernard Leach was skilled at pottery.
He limited his losses by diversification of his product line.
He tried to break the bank at Monte Carlo.
The mower cuts off the tops of the grass.
The salesman pounded the door knocker.
What did you get at the toy store?
Concord the conditions for the marriage of the Prince of Wales with a commoner.
He saves half his salary.
The filing cards were organized by cards having indexed tabs.
Take the lift to the fourth floor.
Conquer a country.
It was one of the best numbers he ever did.
The salesman works the Midwest.
Where did I save that document? I can't find it on the desktop.
The horse was not accustomed to a bit.
This train is carrying nuclear waste.
She runs around telling everyone of her troubles.
We are monitoring the air quality.
He called four times.
He doesn't know how to use a computer.
The frequent performances of the symphony testify to its popularity.
Orders have recently picked up after a period of extreme softness.
We'll get them!
The boxer picked himself up off the canvas.
With a shout and a song they marched up to the gates.
The pull of the moon.
He always puts a smile on my face.
The mayor likes to call on some of the prominent citizens.
She turned to her relatives for help.
She has a thing about him.
The smart set goes there.
Why the sad face?
His move put him directly in my path.
When bending the elbow the biceps are the agonist.
His reaction to the news was to start planning what to do.
He checked the instrument panel.
He joined the Communist Party as a young man.
The poison of fascism.
He hit a home run.
"For English, a compositor will ordinarily have two such cases, the upper case containing the capitals and the lower case containing the small letters."
There was a question of which material to use.
The ego as an organ which seeks to synthesize thoughts in the psyche is said to be driven by libido or eros.
Imagine my surprise on learning I owed twice as much as I thought I did.
He always took some reading matter with him on the plane.
They painted all four sides of the house.
A wall of prejudice.
To fall a tree.
"I would drive you, were I to obtain a car."
The thesis owes much to his adviser.
The focus of activity shifted to molecular biology.
Trim an airplane.
A lengthy hospital stay.
Throw a glance.
Wayne cut.
Switched from keyboard to voice mode.
Objects of thought.
He called four times.
The body has a system of organs for digestion.
These ugly billboards have to go!
Extend the loan.
The base of the skull.
"The applicant now seeks leave to appeal and, if leave be granted, to appeal against these sentences."
Vegetable origins.
He came out of the coal mine with a face covered in black.
The corners of the wire mesh were reinforced with little blobs of solder.
The smell stayed in the room.
Set the dogs on the scent of the missing children.
The dictionary's coverage of standard English is excellent.
The boxer struck the attacker dead.
Widespread resistance to the new urban development plans.
To levy a tax.
Launch window.
The child was a charge of the nanny.
He stood on the right.
A text file will have a file extension of .txt.
"If you want to emphasise the shape, it is possible to gather the waistline."
A return to one's question.
Three inmates broke jail.
A salamander darted out of an opening in the rocks.
I am 75 kilograms.
The ship drew near the shore.
His notes were appended at the end of the article.
A chair is furniture. Sofas are also furniture.
He called four times.
Braque translated collage into oil.
"After the trial period, she was asked to stay on and work full-time."
We accept the idea of universal health care.
It was a package deal.
He broke the glass plate.
He plied his trade as carpenter for forty-three years.
He paid her off the books and in kind where possible.
He gave directions faster than she could follow them.
This horse draws well.
A drain of young talent by emigration.
A row of points.
The patient was bleeding on the right side.
I profited from his example.
This sum will buy you a ride on the train.
Standing water.
"The beans had a grainy, gritty texture in her mouth."
He went to his grave without forgiving me.
She jotted it on a scrap of paper.
"They made nice together, as if their fight never happened."
A school of small glittering fish swam by.
Fred is becoming a bum -- he's not even bothering to work more than once a month.
Shop til you drop.
Tickets are $5 per head.
Pull a chicken.
Drive a golf ball.
He wrote an interesting piece on Iran.
The snow lies on the roof.
The recipe calls for half a stick of butter.
The machinery is out of order.
The judge stayed the execution order.
She dropped into army jargon.
We must walk with our dispossessed brothers and sisters.
The system broke down under excessive loads.
They serve a restricted role on the bench.
"H = U + p V, where H is enthalpy, U is internal energy, p is pressure, and V is volume."
A set of books.
Ditch a car.
Make yourself clear.
Take these letters to the boss.
What are you driving at?
"Molecular recognition drives all of biology, for instance, hormone and receptor or antibody-antigen interactions or the organization of molecules into larger biologically active entities."
He polished up the chrome until it gleamed.
"Come on guys, let's move: there's work to do!"
He lived a long and happy life.
The rumor spread.
Natives were amazed at the apparition of this white stranger.
Work one's way through the crowd.
The outdoor world.
Areas of interest include ...
"Make love, not war."
The mayor threw out the first ball.
"The newsman wanted to break a big story, something that would make him famous."
Let C be the union of the sets A and B.
His election signaled the birth of a new age.
This project looks fishy.
He hit a home run.
Check the growth of communism in South East Asia.
If you were in my place what would you do?
Extend the TV antenna.
I'd like another drink please.
The house was built around an inner court.
Soap cuts grease.
The play of light on the water.
It was presented without commercial breaks.
They're our neighbours across the street.
"To enjoy the picnic, we stretched out on the grass."
Cut a disk.
Toe the line.
"I made many mistakes in my youth, but learned from them all."
He was a member of a special police unit.
Give a course.
This undertaking carries many dangers.
Draw parallels.
The swollen river washed away the footbridge.
Amanda trucked the package to her mother's house from Philadelphia.
"The gun went ""bang""."
Play it safe.
How much do you make a month in your new job?
"Socrates' inwardness, integrity, and inquisitiveness"" -- H.R.Finch."
He hit a home run.
We went out of town together by stage about ten or twelve miles.
The production of white blood cells.
Set the tray down.
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses.
He strangled his wife and dissolved the body in acid.
He left the country to avoid the draft.
The body has a system of organs for digestion.
"It is hot in Arizona, but it is not usually humid."
We focused on what to do.
She'll make a fine president.
She said her 'Hail Mary'.
Drive the ball far out into the field.
The Vietnamese cut a lot of timber while they occupied Cambodia.
They were carrying two keys of heroin.
He left the Senate after two terms.
I saw him laughing.
A set of tools.
Cut a hole.
It all happened in the space of 10 minutes.
He disposed of it without ceremony.
The French doors give onto a terrace.
Someone had to drive me home last night because I had a skinful.
His next stop is Atlanta.
The number 6 is the image of 3 under f that is defined as f(x) = 2*x.
The charges against the estate.
He cut a fine figure.
He replaced the old razor blade.
The Confederate side was prepared to attack.
Don't go to lunch if we don't have enough coverage for the help-desk phones.
He asked to see the executive who handled his account.
She had to pay the penalty for speaking out rashly.
You can't take credit for this!
I was approached by the President to serve as his adviser in foreign matters.
A reduction in the assessment per head of sheep.
It's quite an art.
Ballet is beautiful but what use is it?
The centimetre is a unit of length.
The average return was about 5%.
We watched his grappling and wrestling with the bully.
Iron fillings drawn by the pull of a magnet.
"In the US, conservatives rail against the ""war on Christmas""."
The skater executed a triple pirouette.
He gave up on life.
I didn't have time to finish.
Most humans have a field of vision of almost 180 degrees.
He arrived at work early today.
Uncork a bottle of wine.
It was a fight to the finish.
He washed the dirt from his coat.
Their anger came to a boil.
His tools were in an orderly array on the basement wall.
"Please speak up, the line is very faint."
He took a deep breath and dived into the pool.
The walls of the cylinder were perforated.
Yet here he was with an upper class dingbat who just happened to be married to his sister.
"Security, stability, and efficiency are good qualities of an operating system."
Our computers connected.
Drill a small hole to start the screw in the right direction.
He showered her with presents.
He could no longer cope with the complexities of life.
The car pulls to the right.
The missus has a list of chores for me to do this weekend.
Everyone expected him to win so his loss was a shock.
He got a refill of his prescription.
The forces of evil.
Iced tea is a cooling drink.
The moon sets at eight o'clock tonight.
Now put it into third.
I hope to become one of their number before I die.
Mount a theater production.
Normalize the temperature.
The patter of tiny feet.
This is my house and my family's ancestral home.
We only use Spanish at home.
Jews were wandering.
Hedge your bets.
"She makes more than he does, and works longer hours than he does, but she still does most of the house-cleaning."
Reading beats watching television.
The trials for the semifinals began yesterday.
Make revolution.
"The CEO made a public apology for the scandal, and promised full cooperation with the authorities."
Units of nucleic acids.
She threw herself forwards.
Fall prey to an imposter.
Your place or mine?
The insurance won't cover this.
He looked out at a roomful of faces.
She followed the men with the binoculars.
They had good reason to rejoice.
I took over his practice when he retired.
Saw the board across the grain.
The course covered all of Western Civilization.
Do you know the way to the airport?
We focused on reading the book.
The noisy voice of the waterfall.
There were stretches of boredom.
We played hockey all afternoon.
Beat the rhythm.
Analyze a sentence.
He finally saw the light.
Line one's pockets.
She applied the paint in careful strokes.
He walked with unsteady steps.
Likes a drink before dinner.
The blame seems to rest with your father.
He takes the lead in any group.
The lights flicked on and off.
We were up drinking all night.
A cube has six sides.
I carried three heavy bags of shopping up the stairs.
"He regularly pulls 12-hour days, sometimes 14."
He was shaken from his dreams.
Our parents represented to us the need for more caution.
These times were erroneously converted between zones.
I have been to Spain many times.
Did you ever ride a camel?
He answered a range of questions.
The sky is blue.
They run things by the book around here.
Look on the bright side.
Their main business is home construction.
He lost his place on the page.
Turn the dial to 10.
I felt healthy and very feminine carrying the baby.
Normalize the temperature.
The sky is red this morning -- does that mean we're in for a storm?
Bearing orders.
Make a phone call.
The onus fell on us.
A peach stone.
Red flashes adorned the airplane.
200 head of cattle and 50 head of horses.
Run the dishwasher.
There are two classes of detergents.
The whole office was late the morning of the blizzard.
He got a bright red top and string for his birthday.
She wanted to wipe him off the face of the earth.
Hold that position behind the trees!
This society has been known for centuries for its colorful clothing and tight-knit family structure.
"The ""war on terror"" is a campaign against terrorist crime."
There is a tension between these approaches to understanding history.
"I remember the concert clearly, but I can't recollect why I was there."
A declining dollar pulled down the export figures for the last quarter.
His grades suffered.
To arouse jealousy.
She moved the queen closer to the centre of the board.
My brother sings very well.
Run the dishwasher.
Her hands are really strong.
The clouds broke after the heavy downpour.
The soldiers moved towards the city in an attempt to take it before night fell.
The center fumbled the handoff.
We drove the car to the garage.
Beg the point in the discussion.
The President raised several million dollars for his college.
Audit accounts and tax returns.
How does your idea work in practice?
A smell of chemicals in the air.
I detected a slight accent in his speech.
"Looking at him as he came into the room, I took him for his father."
The girls were playing in the court.
Maple wood burns well.
"The characters in Henry James' novels are forever paying calls on each other, usually in the parlor of some residence."
The missionaries quickly spread their new message across the country.
The container's walls were blue.
The rope enables you to secure yourself when you climb the mountain.
He needs some time in the field before his judgment can be trusted.
The jar had a wide mouth.
He built a modest dwelling near the pond.
Be sure to give my respects to the dean.
He is an authority on corporate law.
The images flooded his mind.
Take action.
Break a branch from a tree.
Corn doesn't grow here.
I tried to call you all night.
The coach said the offensive unit did a good job.
Sexism occurs in many workplaces.
"Unfortunately, this cleaning product leaves behind a noticeable residue."
It took six companies to put out the fire.
The draft gave me a cold.
Processions were forbidden.
"The ""war on drugs"" is a campaign against the use of narcotic drugs."
They make a cute couple.
How should I take this message?
Pay court to the emperor.
"Unfortunately, this cleaning product leaves behind a noticeable residue."
Ship rides at anchor.
On the assumption that he has been injured we can infer that he will not to play.
She found the time and energy to take care of her aging parents.
At last he knew the truth.
To set a precious stone in a border of metal.
He pushed her to finish her doctorate.
90 degrees Fahrenheit is equivalent to 32.2 degrees Celsius.
There is not a drop of pity in that man.
There wasn't that much elbow room in the aircraft.
No escape from the ghetto of the typing pool.
The nurse drew blood.
The fabric of the universe.
The flat plain was broken by tall mesas.
"Suddenly, in the crowd, I felt a touch at my shoulder."
I tracked prints.
Drive the game.
The evidence allows only one conclusion.
Travel to Spain.
Lift my spirits.
Why the sad face?
Let's get down to work now.
Oil field.
A microprocessor functions as the central processing unit of a microcomputer.
The book of Isaiah.
He entertained the whole table with his witty remarks.
A peasant is not allowed to fall in love with a lady of quality.
There was a question of which material to use.
We talk French sometimes.
How would you classify these pottery shards -- are they prehistoric?
He lost his place on the page.
They used to drive the cattle across the open range every spring.
The water's edge.
Paris is the queen of cities.
She shook her finger at the naughty students.
"They're blind to the damage they do, but someday they'll see."
She read my mind and promptly rose to get me a glass of water.
There shouldn't be more than two dozen Christmas cards left to write.
The opening of his arms was the sign I was waiting for.
He carried himself upright.
Don't catch your meaning.
Barbecue over an open fire.
Let them match their best athletes against ours.
To grate a window.
He couldn't afford $50 a throw.
Fall asleep.
Take steps.
The boxer picked himself up off the canvas.
This patriotic sentiment electrified the audience.
"They stood next to each other, their shoulders touching."
A blood letter.
The Soviet Union.
I only meant to help you.
She's been baking all day to prepare for the dinner.
Get going!
The tablecloth had red and white checks.
The current state of knowledge.
He said he was looking for the way out.
A stretch of highway.
Marlene dressed the baby.
Put these words to music.
He came charging into my office.
The sun burned his face.
They did nearly a million dollars of business over the long weekend.
The figurine broke.
The storms last summer washed away parts of the road so we can expect some rough patches up ahead.
Dig out a channel.
Cover the child with a blanket.
His name is in all the record books.
We were just waiting for someone to take the lead.
A washing line.
We must strike the enemy's oil fields.
He threw himself on the mercy of the court.
"He took no notice of the changes, and went on as though nothing had happened."
Running is good exercise.
His face has many lines.
The guard delivered the criminal to the police.
She fell to pieces after she lost her work.
He plotted the orbit of the moon.
A model of clarity.
We haven't heard from them to date.
There are overlapping coverages on your insurance policies.
Although I don't speak Chinese I managed to talk with the villagers using signs and gestures.
Troops advancing in waves.
The painting substantiates the feelings of the artist.
She wiped lipstick from her mouth.
A stone of coarse grain.
Puget Sound.
The conflict between the government and the rebels began three years ago.
They sailed south around the point.
Introduce legislation.
A wolf is about the size of a large dog.
She's got a perfect smile.
Who's playing now?
A good hand.
The EU installed an inter-institutional Convention to draft a European constitution.
Will I get charged for this service?
The so-called glorious experiment came to an inglorious end.
Draw a line.
A huge bank of earth.
They ran forward into the heart of the struggle.
A lonely way of life.
Indications of strain.
This question really stuck me.
To admit evidence in the trial of a cause.
His efforts carried the entire project.
The dancers toes pointed outward.
The cat got the goldfish.
"No, there's no way to tell."
The sum of forty pounds.
Let C be the union of the sets A and B.
Toe the line.
His part was right in the middle.
Fall in love.
A serious loss of business.
He lived a long and happy life.
The floor of the pelvis.
He was given credit for his work.
He went to his grave without forgiving me.
Bear a signature.
Swing forward.
The dogs are running deer.
He rented an office in the new building.
He looked like he had seen a ghost.
He broke the glass plate.
Magoon's governorship in Cuba was viewed in a negative light by many Cuban historians for years thereafter.
This project is his baby.
He was sentenced to a term of six years in prison.
Someone broke in while I was on vacation.
"""Almost an inspiration which gives to all work that finish which is almost art"" -- Joseph Conrad."
The market had one bad blip today.
Where do you keep your gardening tools?
The president no longer has the support of his own party.
Fall prey to an imposter.
Our computers connected together.
They didn't follow our lead.
He applied a coat of a clear finish.
The President is at the helm of the Ship of State.
They developed a scheme of mutual support.
The perfect setting for a ghost story.
The language introduced is standard throughout the text.
They were admitted into his house.
He hit a home run.
He cut a sorry figure standing there in the rain.
Start a new job.
I saw him laughing.
The ship leaves at midnight.
"You can visit me in the spring, when the weather is bearable."
Give her credit for trying.
Heavy traffic overloaded the trunk lines.
He needed a piece of granite.
He described what we should do.
Dig out a channel.
Make lead into gold.
No one wanted to play end.
Play the stock market.
Let's take a five-minute break.
He has a job meter reading for the gas company.
The outwardness of the world.
There was no occasion for complaint.
Marshes reeking in the sun.
Throw a shoe.
My ideas crystallized overnight.
I'm so grateful to God for the grace that He has given me.
A nice line of shoes.
Give a gulp.
He longed for the fields of his youth.
The baby of the Supreme Court.
Answer the door.
It was one of the best numbers he ever did.
The gardener grew that acorn into an oak tree.
The room has a wooden floor.
He gives of his energies to the organization.
Halt the engines.
The filing cards were organized by cards having indexed tabs.
Start a new job.
A good shot requires good balance and tempo.
The richness all around unsettled him for he had expected to find poverty.
It is the usual practice of employees there to wear neckties only when meeting with customers.
You can't take credit for this!
They always sat on the right side of the church.
The bad news shook her hopes.
The bodybuilder's neck muscles tensed.
Hardly enough elbow room to turn around.
"My boy, this peace is what all true warriors strive for."
She took up her position behind the tree.
"Have, throw, or make a party."
Beat the egg whites.
In an optimization problem we seek values of the variables that lead to an optimal value of the function that is to be optimized.
Spare components for cars.
He works his parents for sympathy.
The female covers the eggs.
She permitted her son to visit her estranged husband.
I was fixing to leave town after I paid the hotel bill.
After three misses she finally got a hit.
She didn't get the joke.
"I regret that I have to do this, but I don't have a choice."
She must answer for her actions.
He broke the point of his pencil.
His fingers worked with tension.
She carries her ideas to the extreme.
There are 360 degrees in a circle.
Check the brakes.
The front of the trains that had collided head-on thrust up into the air.
The leopard is noted for the spots of color in its fur.
"When I had sown the field, the day's work was over."
He was a member of a special police unit.
The line of men fall forward.
Politeness militated against this opinion being expressed.
Mother couldn't unravel the ball of wool after the cat had played with it.
They had to complete the sale before the banks closed.
We had to see a psychiatrist.
He gave his word.
"If you find this computer for sale anywhere at a lower price, we'll refund you the difference."
The trials for the semifinals began yesterday.
"It rained before we repaired the roof, and were we in a fix!"
I saw him laughing.
He invented a technique to determine the sequence of base pairs in DNA.
She designed to go far in the world of business.
Please develop this roll of film.
Pull the ball.
We cared about the opera.
The class sat down so that the teacher could take attendance.
Howls of laughter.
On the hottest day of the year the refrigerator broke.
"The Supreme Court upheld the principle of one person, one vote."
David Beckham's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237.
Can the child dress by herself?
Most humans have a field of vision of almost 180 degrees.
I hope to become one of their number before I die.
A simple harmony written in major thirds.
The dictionary's coverage of standard English is excellent.
They were investigating a series of bank robberies.
The semester begins with a convocation ceremony.
Tennessee Valley Authority.
He lies in his coffin.
An entreaty to stop the fighting.
Adam knew Eve.
Fall asleep.
Inhibit the rate of a chemical reaction.
The teacher assigned him to lead his classmates in the exercise.
The teacher led her charges across the street.
Render up the prisoners.
I lifted the books onto the table.
Top and tail the carrots.
She believes in spirits.
The mail handles billions of items every day.
An oak tree will grow from that acorn.
I had to dip into my savings to buy him this present.
We liked to chat while we were eating.
Cut class.
Make a decision.
This wool makes into a nice sweater.
A ticket admits one into a playhouse.
They say he gives good head.
Tomorrow's world.
We had to orient ourselves in the forest.
Cut from one scene to another.
Tea has fragrant white flowers.
Tread grapes to make wine.
"The play is divided into three acts, and in total twenty-five scenes."
Catch the ball!
She asked for money and then the fun began.
Smooth the surface of the wood.
This dictionary can be read by the computer.
I carry a lot of life insurance.
They brought us a round of drinks about every thirty minutes.
"Yesterday we did a run of 12,000 units."
The farming regions of France.
The suspect was charged with murdering his wife.
"A chain of ideas, one leading to the next."
I caught the hem of my dress in the brambles.
The ocean was finally at rest.
You've really got to empathize with what they want.
He paid me 5000 pounds for the car.
Have you ever known hunger?
After that failure he lost his confidence.
The speech has to go through several more drafts.
One end of the box was marked 'This side up'.
David Beckham's first appearance with the LA Galaxy at Giants Stadium against the New York Red Bulls last night drew a crowd of 66237.
He felt a constriction in her chest.
An emerging professional class.
Businessmen of every stripe joined in opposition to the proposal.
As he called the role he put a check mark by each student's name.
She gave her hair a quick brush.
The child's acquisition of language.
A thing of the spirit.
The minister said a prayer on behalf of the entire congregation.
The very easiness of the deed held her back.
Sculpture in contradistinction to painting.
Canadian tariffs enabled United States lumber companies to raise prices at home.
The alkaline inclination of the local waters.
An assurance of help when needed.
The relief pitcher got credit for a save.
He got a bang on the head.
She felt a tremor in her stomach before going on stage.
This situation developed in response to events in Africa.
He could not touch the meaning of the poem.
Hail a cab.
He was concerned with rail safety.
Lack of imagination is an obstacle to one's advancement.
"Force socialization rarely creates strong friendships, but there are exceptions."
The strike was supported by the union rank and file.
The stick does not bend.
$50 won't even buy a dress.
Youth everywhere rises in revolt.
To lay a tax on land.
Leave lots of time for the trip.
Students making aliyah.
Violate the sanctity of the church.
An eyebrow pencil.
An invasion of locusts.
Answer the question.
The weather system of the Pacific is determined by the uninterrupted smoothness of the ocean.
The need for informational flexibility can lead to adhocracy.
The captain was obliged to allowance his crew.
Lie down on the bed until you feel better.
He's a shtik crazy.
Which hinge is the squeaker?
He has a touch of rheumatism.
After the blizzard he shoveled the front walk.
"If you average 10, 20 and 24, you get 18."
The operator couldn't get Kobe because of the earthquake.
The government must do its part.
I'll row out on the lake but stay within earshot.
Strike an arc.
His work established a new department of literature.
The rug had a wide blue border.
He made a great maneuver.
A look of triumph.
Excite the neurons.
The plane made a smooth landing.
A strand of pearls.
He trained at putting the shot.
The invaders spread their language all over the country.
He was mistreated while in police custody.
Plants from a cold clime travel best in winter.
The children began to clap in time with the music.
It was the deliberation of his act that was insulting.
He tripled to the rightfield corner.
Misdirect the letter.
What does the law say?
Configure a plane for a combat mission.
He wasted his pay on drink.
Tap a keg of beer.
Some languages sexualize all nouns and do not have a neuter gender.
The board has seven members.
I need to update my records to take account of the most recent transaction.
Her reinstatement to her former office followed quickly.
The belief that the world is flat is a falsity.
Higher wages caused an escalation of prices.
He practiced the art of sophistication upon reason.
Her glasses left marks on the bridge of her nose.
Put a little baking soda in some vinegar and watch what happens.
Grind lenses for glasses and cameras.
It will avail them to dispose of their booty.
That thing is a poor excuse for a gingerbread man. Hasn't anyone taught you how to bake?
The bald eagle is a denizen of the northern part of the state.
I need him to be nice.
She ordered some wine for the meal.
Plan an attack.
Gunny invariably tried to bite her.
Particle detectors sense ionization.
The explanation was very simple.
Slip into something comfortable.
He has been on relief for many years.
She lost all her respect and authority after turning up drunk to the meeting.
We decided to forge ahead with our plans even though our biggest underwriter backed out.
A mule is a cross between a horse and a donkey.
The game was interrupted by a brief shower.
They went bankrupt during the economic crisis.
The diet of the Giant Panda consists mainly of bamboo.
A recrudescence of racism.
Leave your child the nurse's care.
Incorporate this document with those pertaining to the same case.
The promulgation was written in English.
He could not conceal his hostility.
They started at the bottom of the hill.
He's my best mate.
The publisher wants to distribute the book in Asia.
Rust remover.
The forwarding of resumes to the personnel department.
They worship in the traditional manner.
They gave full play to the artist's talent.
Flush the meadows.
Probation is part of the sentencing process.
Their military is the largest in the region.
They had to consult before arriving at a decision.
A girl's education was less important than a boy's.
At liberty to choose whatever occupation one wishes.
Scientists often can not date precisely archeological or prehistorical findings.
Prices vary.
The breeze rustled the papers on her desk.
A subsidy for research in artificial intelligence.
Injustice is a heinous wrong.
One aspect of Waterloo has not yet been treated in the literature.
Banish bad thoughts.
Carve one's name into the bark.
-- Who's the caller?
Time seems to drag when you're waiting for a bus.
"After so much stress, he suffered a breakdown and simply gave up."
Did you ever lecture at Harvard?
A danger to all races over the whole circumference of the globe.
Choke a carburetor.
Calibrate a gun.
Did I fail the test?
You need to push quite hard to get this door open.
It was a miracle that he survived the drop from that height.
"""Among other native delicacies, they give you fresh char.""."
The bus was late so he missed his connection at Penn Station and had to wait six hours for the next train.
They departed hurriedly because of some great urgency in their affairs.
I am trying to contact my sister.
A surprising experience.
Segment a compound word.
"The floats and horses in the parade were impressive, but the marching bands were really amazing."
He needed a lot of power to hit the ball out of the stadium.
A valuable financial affiliation.
My weekly allowance of two eggs.
We opened a new branch in London.
Instant replay caused too long a delay.
The addition of a leap day every four years.
To liberate the mind from prejudice.
Bell cows.
Disable this command on your computer.
Please listen carefully as I explain.
Stop a car.
Elections figure prominently in every government program.
A marriage of ideas.
The accident created a dimple in the hood of the car.
The trailer for that movie makes it seem like it would be fun.
The intention of this legislation is to boost the economy.
Mandate a colony.
It was a long pull but we made it.
Glaze the bread with eggwhite.
He was a familiar sight on the television.
Can I keep my old stuffed animals?
There was plenty of food for everyone.
The tyrant's oppression of the people.
Don't strain your mind too much.
The news caused a sensation.
Always a step behind.
Shoot cloth.
Hook a fish.
The homogenization of cream.
The entire building complained about the noise.
The relations between town and gown are always sensitive.
The new car is a delight.
"The couple chose to solemnize their relationship in a secular ceremony, instead of having a wedding."
Scallop the hem of the dress.
His success in the marathon was unexpected.
The nap was a welcome refresher.
Block the signals emitted by this station.
Writing was a form of therapy for him.
His studio was cramped when he began as an artist.
Harass the enemy.
The average cost of a new house is twice as much as t was 20 years ago.
Dip the brush into the paint.
"Fuel aircraft, ships, and cars."
A lace frame.
Experiments show clearly that genes segregate.
The main body of the sound ran parallel to the coast.
That is the correct pronunciation.
Utter counterfeit currency.
A joy to behold.
Guests should never be late to a dinner party.
I mess with the wardroom officers.
The French treat food with gentle reverence.
Load a car.
She flossed her teeth.
Printing at higher resolution will cause a reduction in performance.
Threw down the gauntlet.
Room and board.
Let's eliminate the course on Akkadian hieroglyphics.
He took a stab at forecasting.
The kick must be synchronized with the arm movements.
The professionalization of warfare.
The linebackers were ready to stop a rush.
A generous tipper.
I seem to be misunderstood by everyone.
To bull railroad bonds.
A clothes horse.
The history of this work is discussed in the next section.
Shake the salt out of the salt shaker.
"The politician wore a bright yellow button with the slogan ""Vote Smart"" emblazoned on it."
To influence the arousal of brain and behavior.
To pick rags.
Reline the paper.
I vote that we all go home.
Burn a CD.
The superintendence and agency of Providence in the natural world. -- Woodward.
They swam in the nude.
He put the cup back in the saucer.
The might have repercussions of unimaginable largeness.
Limited runway capacity.
Inject heroin.
The enemy had the advantage of a more elevated position.
The book tells the story of two roommates.
The reappearance of Halley's comet.
You can characterize his behavior as that of an egotist.
Each club played six home games with teams in its own division.
The carpenter who built this room must have lost his square.
They set up camp next to the dig.
Conditioning is a form of learning by association.
The chemistry of indigo.
He played the trumps in sequence.
The impregnation of wood with preservative.
"She wants to act Lady Macbeth, but she is too young for the role."
Recruit new soldiers.
I know of the man; but have no acquaintance with him.
Bag a few pheasants.
Summer seems to last longer each year.
Let's finalize the proposal.
Admit someone to the profession.
An executive or judical office.
They look the same in outward view.
"He was a tool, no more than a pawn to her."
The policeman waited for a heartbeat in vain.
This will renovate my spirits.
A branch of Congress.
Her dog likes to tree squirrels.
Bean curd.
War is hell.
The CIA chief of station accepted responsibility for his agents' failures of tradecraft.
We didn't believe his stories from the War.
The annual crop of students brings many new ideas.
A glow of regret.
Wrangle horses.
He lacks the foundation necessary for advanced study.
Render the brick walls in the den.
His date never stopped talking.
A disease of frequent occurrence.
Indent the documents.
There's no weeping at an Irish wake.
The woods planted in ash will see a different mix of species.
The preponderance of good over evil.
They played a gig in New Jersey.
I forbid you to call me late at night.
"English is a cognate of Greek, German, Russian and Persian."
He counted the house.
He allowed a month to elapse before beginning the work.
The intolerable license with which the newspapers break ... the rules of decorum -- Edmund Burke.
The city has an excellent natural harbour.
"All abuse, whether physical, verbal, psychological or sexual, is bad."
The dancer was praised for her uncanny extension.
Making a hobby of domesticity.
The imperialist nation wanted to strangle the free trade between the two small countries.
He had a bye in the first round.
The round of the seasons.
I could see it in the distance.
That's a load off my mind.
One can never fully repair the suffering and losses of the Jews in the Third Reich.
A streak of wildness.
Indifference is the sweetest revenge.
He hadn't seen his dad in years.
More fuel is needed during the winter months.
The woman charged that her jailer was a fondler.
I'd flip if anyone broke my phone.
The luck of the draw.
I saw a poster for it on the side of a bus.
The restaurant is noted for its excellent cuisine.
Tap a cask of wine.
I would love to have dinner but I have to catch a plane.
This car could be just the ticket for a small family.
They didn't have much in the way of clothing.
Triangulate the piece of cardboard.
Can I invite you for dinner on Sunday night?
A political gesture.
He is about average in height.
These paintings exalt the imagination.
Comb the wool.
Truman upset Dewey in the 1948 US presidential election.
To convey information.
Send me your latest results.
The animal died a painful death.
He left the preparation of meals to his wife.
Absorb the costs for something.
Some of the members may donate privately.
"For an ellipse, the eccentricity is the ratio of the distance from the center to a focus divided by the length of the semi-major axis."
Don't fiddle with the screws.
To ask at that particular time was the ultimate in bad taste.
Point a gun.
In the summer the nightlife shifts to the dance clubs.
"Some people put the stress on the first syllable of ""controversy""; others put it on the second."
An amendment to piggyback the current law.
He was ordered to report for induction into the army.
Please modify this letter to make it more polite.
"By adding ""-ness"", you can form a noun from an adjective."
These shoes cost $100.
"Pat pushed the button marked ""shred"" on the blender."
The army retreated in confusion.
The house was a mess.
"There was a blockage in the sewer, so we called out the plumber."
The action teams worked in partnership with the government.
Gap between income and outgo.
"Please can I have a look, if I promise not to touch?"
The Nile delta.
We went there by foot because we could not afford a taxi.
He wishes to accumulate a sum of money.
Most websites contain metadata to tell the computer how to lay the words out on the screen.
This behavior will ruin your chances of winning the election.
"I already have a son, so I would like to have a daughter."
Accession to such demands would set a dangerous precedent.
Let loose mines.
This silly excuse won't wash in traffic court.
He left an indelible mark on the American theater.
Analyze your real motives.
The steak was tough to chew as it had been cooked too long.
Lydia put the change in her left pocket.
There are three synagogues in the Jewish section.
There is a group of houses behind the hill.
Process iron.
Inject hydrogen into the balloon.
The sultriness of her look was unmistakable.
Percolate coffee.
To clutch power.
To mire a horse or wagon.
Students receive instruction in the arts and sciences.
Afflict with the plague.
They served me a dish of rice.
"In my opinion, white chocolate is better than milk chocolate."
The peak of perfection.
Anthropology's kinship with the humanities.
They died in the defense of Stalingrad.
"In the middle of the marathon, David collapsed from fatigue."
To moderate a synod.
Flick a piece of paper across the table.
He came out of nowhere.
The buzz of excitement was so great that a formal denial was issued.
"Elizabethan schoolboys were taught adoxography, the art of eruditely praising worthless things."
There are drugs designed to excite certain nerves in our body.
Discussion of the emergency situation will preempt the lecture by the professor.
Winterize cars.
She can not conceive.
Their troops were untrained militia.
He felt a stream of air.
I watch these movies because they amuse me.
Militarize the Civil Service.
He took the manuscript in both hands and gave it a mighty tear.
Martin's snatch at the bridle failed and the horse raced away.
Catalytic activity.
The aptness of men to follow example.
That toaster can make wonderful toasts.
The engineer marvelled at his construction.
They had a bitter exchange.
He ran to safety.
Please hold a table at Maxim's.
"Those who criticize others often are not perfect, either."
The duke's fiefdom had been greatly expanded as a reward for his dutiful military service on behalf of the king.
Whimsy can be humorous to someone with time to enjoy it.
There's too much shadiness to take good photographs.
A hard hitter.
I'll toss you for it.
Build up confidence.
Fold up the newspaper.
That language has a complex system for indicating gender.
My horse was several lengths behind at the finish.
"You shuffle, I'll deal."
The plane's operation in high winds.
The new law might abridge our freedom of expression.
He got his wish.
He published an unexpected attack on my work.
He was given a month to pay the bill.
To gnash the air in fury.
We combust coal and other fossil fuels.
Economic cooperation.
'Brunch' is a well-known portmanteau.
Brush aside the objections.
You can not be convicted of criminal guilt by association.
"A right identity, x * I = x for any x in the structure."
A barrage of questions.
I rarely attend services at my church.
They kept a log of all transmission by the radio station.
We can't afford to send our children to college.
The files will erase quickly.
She has free agency.
She loves to stay at home and cocoon.
A rehearsal will be held the day before the wedding.
Will the new rules affect me?
Please sign on the dotted line.
A string of islands.
She only wore that dress to upstage everyone.
The wateriness of his blood.
The drawing of water from the well.
He drank a mixture of beer and lemonade.
His detention was politically motivated.
The collapse of the old star under its own gravity.
Don't handle the merchandise.
State your name.
Ease the pain in your legs.
He was a bad influence on the children.
The force required to compress a spring varies linearly with the displacement.
Rouge Dragon is a herald at the College of Arms.
I appreciate your efforts.
Return her love.
Prepare for war.
Hit the bottle.
Want the strength to go on living.
Today is a Wiccan holiday!
The ball at the base of the thumb.
He remembered her because she was carrying a large portfolio.
"Washing dishes is a chore, but we can not just stop eating."
Collapse the music stand.
I woke up in the middle of the night.
The level of activity declines with age.
Be careful crossing the street.
The computer had a desktop footprint of 10 by 16 inches.
Birds of prey often seize small mammals.
A profession of disagreement.
A growth of hair.
These delicate plants do not transplant easily.
She's a demon at math.
His thinking was in the American mainstream.
He put an ice pack on the injury as a precaution.
There was no meeting of minds.
Take a right at the corner.
"People do that sort of thing every day, without ever stopping to reflect on the consequences."
Submerge your head completely.
Surgeons must scrub prior to an operation.
I promise you my best effort.
A mechanism of social control.
Undo the shoelace.
She led a low spade.
He tried to clear his head of the whisky fuzz.
In a world where financial probity may not be widespread.
The senator rose to register his protest.
To shock rye.
Sign an intersection.
The embodiment of hope.
He lived in exile.
From the window he could catch a glimpse of the lake.
The abatement of a nuisance is the suppression thereof.
They are nearing the coast.
She wanted to aim a pun.
It was not what it appeared to be on the surface.
Boot your computer.
He had the gem set in a ring for his wife.
There's no help for it.
He made his morning toilet and went to breakfast.
Kill the engine.
Had unusual longevity in the company.
Remove a wrapper.
He welded together some pieces of strip.
A force out was recorded on the scorecard.
His manipulation of his friends was scandalous.
Most of the works by Frdric Chopin are for the piano.
They organized a rescue operation.
Preserve the peace in the family.
This proves beyond peradventure that he is innocent.
The restaurant had an upper class patronage.
Circulate a rumor.
The senators used their muscle to get the party leader to resign.
"Direct your anger towards others, not towards yourself."
Plant bugs in the dissident's apartment.
The conclusion of the peace treaty.
The infielder's snap and throw was a single motion.
He used terror to make them confess.
Pioneers had to cross the continent on foot.
We did not understand his motivation.
In the old days a policeman walked a beat and knew all his people by name.
The catch was only 10 fish.
Post a warning at the dump.
He worships the almighty dollar.
He beat his breast in anger.
This shall not relieve either Party of any obligations.
Conserve your energy for the ascent to the summit.
They regretted the closure of the day care center.
Engrave a letter.
The runners emerged from the trees into his clear vision.
All that bowing and scraping did not impress him.
I would like to thank the brother who just spoke.
Let's not whitewash the crimes of Stalin.
A deal of trouble.
Children must develop a sense of right and wrong.
She twirled the knife through her fingers with impressive dexterity.
Here's a good potluck of beans and stew.
It was an apology for a meal.
A straggle of followers.
The nurse gave him a flu shot.
To command an army or a ship.
Please refrigerate your uncooked meats at or below 40 Fahrenheit.
He handled the vase with care.
Don't twist my words.
A place setting of sterling flatware.
The infection spread.
We sleep five people in each room.
They were restrained by a prohibition in their charter.
Wear gloves so your hands stay warm.
His treatment of the race question is badly biased.
Make a break for it.
Real life.
"Wait a minute, I'm not ready yet!"
There was an art exhibition on in the town hall.
The unhappy couple got into a terrible scrap.
Hooligans destroy unprovoked.
Cleat running shoes for better traction.
Pinnacle a pediment.
The world's heritage of knowledge.
Wail in self-pity.
Even the pitcher doesn't know where his knuckleball is going.
I am reading a good book on economics.
The roll of a ball.
The children acted out a comic piece to amuse the guests.
Our children share a love of music.
He sought release from his bondage to Satan.
To pierce a mystery.
In Britain they call a bobby pin a grip.
Geometry is the mathematical science of shape.
I could just make out her face in the twilight.
Sugar your tea.
My neighbor was the lead role in last year's village play.
We must not proliferate nuclear arms.
A pedestrian was able to trip the burglar as he was running away.
Cloister the garden.
I expect to receive wages.
Rock fracture and rock flowage are different types of geological deformation.
We must follow closely the economic development is Cuba.
He is a man of property.
"He knew that it was trash day, when the garbage collectors made all the noise."
You should have read the small print on your policy.
A zipper pull.
It is none of your affair.
He used pressure to stop the bleeding.
The reality of his situation slowly dawned on him.
The party of the first part.
Result in tragedy.
Let's peg the rug to the floor.
The Nazi assumption of power in 1934.
A fight broke out at the hockey game.
Hook the ball.
Flood the market with tennis shoes.
He has a keen intellect.
We had a word or two about it.
The room was simply decorated with great restraint.
It's my go.
To crush grapes.
To cushion a blow.
Hyenas scavenge.
For recreation he wrote poetry and solved crossword puzzles.
His claim to the property has come under question.
I swear by my grandmother's recipes.
Gargle with this liquid.
Heel a golf ball.
Don't fuss too much over the grandchildren -- they are quite big now.
He was driving his car like a nut.
He was indebted to the pioneering work of John Dewey.
A keen musical sense.
It was his last wish.
The airliner had to land with a nose-up attitude after the incident.
Just steam the vegetables.
The dissipation of the mist.
The path of virtue.
When England defeated Pakistan it ended a ten-year drought.
It's your move! Roll the dice!
He is an officer of the court.
He signed the deed.
The transfer of the music from record to tape suppressed much of the background noise.
Growing fatigue was apparent from the decline in the execution of their athletic skills.
Belabor the obvious.
The houses were swept away in the torrent.
The symphony was hailed as an ingenious work.
Canada is a member of the United Nations.
They asked for a 10% rise in rates.
Territorial disputes were resolved in Guatemala's recognition of Belize in 1991.
The fibers decussate.
A succession of failures.
How did your interview go?
The campaign put a favorable spin on the story.
The body of the car was badly rusted.
She served a creamy sort of dessert thing.
I love French food.
He went from grunt to chairman in six years.
"You can crash here, though it's not very comfortable."
Create a poem.
Worldwide in distribution.
The neoclassical canon.
She used to wait down at the Dew Drop Inn.
Switch to a different brand of beer.
A mince of mushrooms.
"On entering a host cell, a virus will start to replicate."
A show of impatience.
Map the genes.
Please bracket this remark.
I applaud your efforts.
A plume of smoke.
'Smog' is a blend of 'smoke' and 'fog'.
He was a bull of a man.
Spend money.
English usage.
He gave a speech as part of his installation into the hall of fame.
The locks pound the water of the canal.
Donate money to the orphanage.
Hew out a path in the rock.
Google represents a new breed of entrepreneurs.
I can not risk smoking.
When does the court of law sit?
Let's review your situation.
He's a truck jockey.
The whole body filed out of the auditorium.
The country will stabilize after the next election ends.
A good lead for a job.
He told the painter that he wanted a yellow base with just a hint of green.
Juvenile offenses often reflect an inadequacy in the parents.
The power plant received a new upgrade.
The senator received severe criticism from his opponent.
The last bastion of communism.
It's a pity he couldn't do it.
"To embellish a story, the truth."
The court's tilt toward conservative rulings.
The assembly plant is an enormous facility.
We live an hour from the airport.
The drug capital of Columbia.
Clinton directed his fire at the Republican Party.
In every war there are acts of torture that cause the world to shudder.
The outward passage took 10 days.
Rise to the occasion.
Chisel the marble.
The bane of my existence.
Let's hang this cute animal in the nursery.
He experimented on a particular breed of white rats.
"Apologizing for losing your temper, even though you were badly provoked, showed real class."
They earned their stripes in Kuwait.
A check on its dependability under stress.
The dentist recommended two brushes a day.
That graphite tennis racquet is quite an acquisition.
Things of the heart.
Clergymen are usually called ministers in Protestant churches.
There was an easiness between them.
We used hamburgers and soda in contradistinction to healthy food.
His home is New Jersey.
An inclination of his head indicated his agreement.
His assurance in his superiority did not make him popular.
The goalie made a brilliant save.
They got a great bang out of it.
Did you feel the tremor this morning?
His responses have slowed with age.
Helen Keller felt the physical world by touching people and objects around her.
He was hailed as a hero.
He traveled by rail.
The poverty of a district is an obstacle to good education.
There was too much socialization with the enlisted men.
He rose from the ranks to become a colonel.
Bend your knees.
FMC has bought 565.
Her youth and beauty is what attracted him to her.
Lay a responsibility on someone.
This leaves no room for improvement.
He was called on for an aliyah.
This sentence violates the rules of syntax.
This artist's favorite medium is pencil.
An invasion of tourists.
She didn't want to answer.
His oily smoothness concealed his guilt from the police.
The choice between bureaucracy and adhocracy represents a common dilemma.
Our provisions were allowanced.
She lied when she told me she was only 29.
How did you ever fall for a shtik like that?
Those sneakers are squeakers.
He longed for the touch of her hand.
Walking is a healthy form of exercise.
The number of hours I work per work averages out to 40.
I'll get this finished by lunchtime.
Religions in all parts of the world.
The children were told to stay within earshot.
The clock struck midnight.
Baking is not my department.
The borders of the garden.
Parallel parking can be a difficult maneuver.
His look was fixed on her eyes.
The fireworks which opened the festivities excited anyone present.
His landing on his feet was catlike.
He tried to pick up the strands of his former life.
"The shot flew twenty metres, and nearly landed on the judge's foot."
A big oil spot spread across the water.
He is in the custody of police.
"After working hard all of his life, Max retired to warmer climes in Florida."
The big bird clapped its wings.
The deliberations of the jury.
The southeastern corner of the Mediterranean.
The pedestrian misdirected the out-of-town driver.
The clock says noon.
Configure my new computer.
Many employers have rules designed to keep employees from comparing their pays.
Tap a maple tree for its syrup.
The god was sexualized and married to another god.
He got out the board and set up the pieces.
We updated the kitchen in the old house.
Many people are unhappy with the sacking of the chief constable and demand his immediate reinstatement.
Argument could not determine its truth or falsity.
There was a gradual escalation of hostilities.
Understanding affine transformations requires considerable mathematical sophistication.
Rugby players often break the bridge of their noses.
The world is watching Sarajevo.
Grind an axe.
He availed himself of the available resources.
He's a sorry excuse of a doctor.
The giant squid is one of many denizens of the deep.
I needed him to go.
Wine is stronger than beer.
He plans to be in graduate school next year.
"As soon as you bite that sandwich, you'll know how good it is."
She immediately sensed her disdain.
The explanation was long and drawn-out.
My grades are slipping.
Was the relief supposed to be protection from future harm or compensation for past injury?
This book is the final authority on the life of Milton.
He forged ahead.
That is his cross to bear.
A little shower of rose petals.
After the crisis the patient either dies or gets better.
He's been reading a steady diet of nonfiction for the last several years.
A recrudescence of the symptoms.
He left the decision to his deputy.
The company was incorporated in 1980.
His promulgation of the policy proved to be premature.
He could no longer contain his hostility.
They did much of their overseas trade in foreign bottoms.
I'm going to the pub with a few mates.
The function distributes the values evenly.
Paint remover.
The forwarding of mail to a new address is done automatically.
Many Hindus worship Shiva.
It was all done in play.
The sky flushed with rosy splendor.
"You'll be on probation for first six months. After that, if you work out, they'll hire you permanently."
He spent six years in the military.
Consult your local broker.
Education is a preparation for life.
Liberty to think or feel or do just as one pleases.
To date the building of the pyramids.
His moods vary depending on the weather.
The breeze was cooled by the lake.
Manufacturing firms are supported by government subsidies in some countries.
He feels that you are in the wrong.
The technical literature.
Banish gloom.
That chisel carved the statue.
There were so many callers that he finally disconnected the telephone.
The speech dragged on for two hours.
His warning came after the breakdown of talks in London.
She lectured to the class about her travels.
He had walked the full circumference of his land.
This neckband is choking the cat.
He calibrated the thermometer for the Celsius scale.
She studied hard but failed nevertheless.
Nora pushed through the crowd.
"That was a long drop, but fortunately I didn't break any bones."
"""I had to scrub the kitchen today, because the char couldn't come""."
The plane was late and he missed his connection in Atlanta.
"I'll be there, barring any urgencies."
He never contacted his children after he emigrated to Australia.
Experience is the best teacher.
Segment an orange.
She made a parade of her sorrows.
The mysterious presence of an evil power.
Welcomed the affiliation of the research center with the university.
Travel allowance.
Our main branch is downtown.
The delay before the echo of a sound.
The addition of a bathroom was a major improvement.
To liberate gases.
Who will bell the cat?
He was disabled in a car accident.
I like to listen to music.
Stop the thief.
How do the elections figure in the current pattern of internal politics?
The marriage of music and dance.
There are approximately 336 dimples on a golf ball.
"At the end of the day, we put the snowmobiles back on the trailer."
Good intentions are not enough.
The new director of the school board mandated regular tests.
He was sidelined with a hamstring pull.
The potter glazed the dishes.
They went to Paris to see the sights.
She kept her maiden name after she married.
It must have cost plenty.
The oppression of the poor by the aristocracy was one cause of the French Revolution.
The rope strained when the weight was attached.
A sensation of touch.
Keep in step with the fashions.
Shoot a star.
"He hooked a snake accidentally, and was so scared he dropped his rod into the water."
The network's homogenization of political news.
The building of the bridge will be completed in a couple of weeks.
"In the perennial town versus gown battles, townies win some violent battles, but the collegians are winning the war."
His delight to see her was obvious to all.
The King solemnized this day of morning.
Scallop the meat.
The election was a remarkable success for the Whigs.
He stopped at the bar for a quick refresher.
The thick curtain blocked the action on the stage.
The idea occurs with increasing frequency in Hemingway's writings.
You don't need a studio to make a passport photograph.
This man harasses his female co-workers.
The total cost of the new complex was an estimated $1.5 million.
She dipped her knee.
Fuel the debate on creationism.
His starved flesh hung loosely on his once imposing frame.
Many towns segregated into new counties.
He strained to hear the faint sounds.
The pronunciation of Chinese is difficult for foreigners.
He uttered strange sounds that nobody could understand.
The joys and demands of parenthood.
On Sundays they had a large dinner when they returned from church.
The afternoon breeze messed up my hair.
The Chinese reverence for the dead.
Load the truck with hay.
The hygienist flossed my teeth.
They never did achieve a final resolution of their differences.
Took up the gauntlet.
He nailed boards across the windows.
This possibility can be eliminated from our consideration.
She felt a stab of excitement.
A sidecar is a smooth drink but it has a powerful kick.
The professionalization of American sports.
Come back after the rush.
The Americans are among the most generous tippers in the world.
There seems no reason to go ahead with the project now.
He bulled his way in.
500 horse led the attack.
A graduate student taught sections for the professor's lecture course.
His hands shook.
They passed out campaign buttons for their candidate.
The purpose of art is the arousal of emotions.
Don't always pick on your little brother.
The old fur coat must be relined.
She voted for going to the Chinese restaurant.
My eyes are burning.
The Central Intelligence Agency.
The marketing rule 'nude sells' spread from verbal to visual mainstream media in the 20th century.
The handle of the cup was missing.
A man distinguished by the largeness and scope of his views.
He should be retained in his present capacity at a higher salary.
He injected new life into the performance.
The experience gave him the advantage over me.
Disney's stories entertain adults as well as children.
His reappearance as Hamlet has been long awaited.
This poem can be characterized as a lament for a dead lover.
He played the drums at a jazz club.
64 is the square of 8.
She takes a dig at me every chance she gets.
Many close associations with England.
The chemistry of iron.
The doctor saw a sequence of patients.
"The impregnation, whatever it was, had turned the rock blue."
I started acting at the age of eleven in my local theatre.
The lab director recruited an able crew of assistants.
I have trouble remembering the names of all my acquaintances.
We bagged three deer yesterday.
The bad weather lasted for three days.
"As soon as we get the plane tickets, we'll finalize our reservations with the hotel."
She was admitted to the New Jersey Bar.
During his first year in office.
The most desirable feature of the park are the beautiful views.
I don't have the right tools to start fiddling around with the engine.
He alone gives me such heartbeats.
They renovated the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel.
We have branches in all major suburbs.
This lot should be treed so that the house will be shaded in summer.
Lemon curd.
The hell of battle.
Instructional designers are trained in something that might be called tradecraft.
I believed his report.
The latest crop of fashions is about to hit the stores.
The glow of new love.
"The bar keeper threw them out, but they continued to wrangle on down the street."
"The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc. is the parent organization of the Wiktionary collaborative project."
The face of the child is rendered with much tenderness in this painting.
The date for pleading.
The occurrence (or presence) of life on other planets.
Indent the paragraphs of a letter.
The motorboat's wake capsized the canoe.
The ash trees are dying off.
The preponderance of wealth and power.
Our guitar player had another gig so we had to get a sub.
The rules forbid it.
"English and, Russian, Icelandic and Irish are all cognates."
The house applauded.
Several days elapsed before they met again.
When liberty becomes license dictatorship is near -- Will Durant.
The neighbourhood is a well-known harbour for petty thieves.
The child showed signs of physical abuse.
Good extension comes from a combination of training and native ability.
A royal family living in unpretentious domesticity.
A man in Boston has been strangling several dozen prostitutes.
Craig's Crew plays the bye next week.
The postman's rounds.
The distance from New York to Chicago.
I'm worried that the load on that transformer will be too high.
She repaired her TV set.
He has a stubborn streak.
"When I left my wife, she tried to set fire to the house in revenge."
"Dad, happy Father's Day!"
They developed alternative fuels for aircraft.
Not all fondlers are sexual perverts.
He flipped when he heard that he was accepted into Princeton University.
They anticipated a tough draw.
A poster advertised the coming attractions.
French cuisine is considered to be one of the world's most refined and elegant styles of cooking.
He tapped a new barrel of beer.
We caught something of his theory in the lecture.
Joe will be running on an anti-crime ticket.
We went our separate ways.
The land surveyor worked by triangulating the plot.
The organizers invite submissions of papers for the conference.
A gesture of defiance.
The snowfall this month is below average.
The man was exalted from a humble carpenter to a minister.
Comb your hair before dinner.
The foreign team upset the local team.
She conveyed the message to me.
Nora sent the book from Paris.
He seemed more content in death than he had ever been in life.
The resolution of one dissonance is often the preparation for another dissonance.
He absorbed the knowledge or beliefs of his tribe.
She donates to her favorite charity every month.
A circle is an ellipse with zero eccentricity.
She always fiddles with her van on the weekend.
He got a taste of life on the wild side.
It's rude to point at other people.
A futile search for intelligent nightlife.
The intensity of stress is expressed in units of force divided by units of area.
He piggybacked her child so she could see the show.
The induction of an anesthetic state.
He modified his views on same-gender marriage.
Form cylinders from the dough.
The bill will cost them 500 million dollars.
The elevator was operated by push buttons.
A confusion of impressions.
My boss dumped a whole mess of projects on my desk today.
We had to call a plumber to clear out the blockage in the drainpipe.
"Effective language learning is a partnership between school, teacher and student."
The exploring party went through the high gap in the mountains.
Carrie touched his shoulder with the stick.
The Mississippi River delta.
There is a lot of foot traffic on this street.
Journals are accumulating in my office.
A library catalog is metadata because it describes publications.
The country lay ruined after the war.
Her daughter cared for her in her old age.
The librarian shelved the new accessions.
Loose terrible plagues upon humanity.
The cat washes several times a day.
It was in London that he made his mark.
The inspector analyzed the building's soundness.
Chew your food and don't swallow it!
Lydia pocketed the change.
Sections from the left ventricle showed diseased tissue.
A group of people gathered in front of the Parliament to demonstrate against the Prime Minister's proposals.
They processed into the dining room.
Now lie back while we inject you with the anesthetic.
The sultriness of lust was in the air.
I'll percolate some coffee.
She clutched her purse.
Our people should not be mired in the past.
Instruction will be provided on how to handle difficult customers.
She was afflicted by the death of her parents.
We gave them a set of dishes for a wedding present.
I would like to know your opinions on the new systems.
The view from the peak was magnificent.
Felt a deep kinship with the other students.
They were developed for the defense program.
Rain during the middle of April.
John moderated the discussion.
He flicked his Bic.
They went on a cruise to nowhere.
The buzz of a bumble bee.
Adoxography is particularly useful to lawyers.
Excite the audience.
Live broadcast of the presidential debate preempts the regular news hour.
Winterize your houses.
Assisted procreation can help those trying to conceive.
Congress shall have power to provide for calling forth the militia -- United States Constitution.
The hose ejected a stream of water.
The clown amused the children.
Militarize Germany again after the war.
There were big tears rolling down Lisa's cheeks.
Overheard snatches of their conversation.
They avoided all recreational activity.
The aptness of iron to rust.
I ate a piece of toast for breakfast.
Construction is underway on the new bridge.
An exchange of cattle for grain.
The reciprocal of safety is risk.
Hold a table for us at 7:00.
The paper criticized the new movie.
"Most of our company's computers are standardized, but the IT director allows the employees in his own little fiefdom to specify their own machines."
He had a whimsy about flying to the moon.
The shadiness of their transactions.
Blacksmiths are good hitters.
Steve tossed John the ball.
They had to build up their fortress to protect against attack.
Tony folded the flaps open.
They have to operate under a system they oppose.
The winner is the team with the most points at the finish.
Shuffle the cards.
The power of its engine determines its operation.
He had his rights abridged by the crooked sheriff.
My best wishes.
An attack of diarrhea.
We went on holiday for two months.
To gnash a carpet.
The professor combusted when the student didn't know the answer to a very elementary question.
They agreed on a policy of cooperation.
'Motel' is a portmanteau word made by combining 'motor' and 'hotel'.
Brush the dust from the jacket.
He joined the Modern Language Association.
You can lose your identity when you join the army.
They laid down a barrage in front of the advancing troops.
She attends class regularly.
An email log.
Can you afford this car?
The chalkboard erased easily.
Central Intelligence Agency.
Families cocoon around the T.V. set most evenings.
He missed too many rehearsals.
The medicine affects my heart rate.
Please sign here.
The strings played superlatively well.
"When the dog entered the stage, he upstaged the actress."
The haziness and wateriness of his disquisitions.
He did complicated pen-and-ink drawings like medieval miniatures.
The mixture of sulphuric acid and water produces heat.
The detention of tardy pupils.
The roof is in danger of collapse.
"About his altar, handling holy things -- John Milton."
State your opinion.
The pain eased overnight.
Used her parents' influence to get the job.
She compressed her lips.
The chieftain had a herald who announced his arrival with a trumpet.
The yen appreciated again!
Return a compliment.
We prepared a fish for dinner.
He tries to hit on women in bars.
Flood victims wanting food and shelter.
No mail is delivered on federal holidays.
He stood on the balls of his feet.
He holds the portfolio for foreign affairs.
The farmer's morning chores.
The school system is collapsing.
"A whole is that which has beginning, middle, and end -- Aristotle."
His sphere of activity.
The whole street protested the absence of lights.
The footprints of an earlier civilization.
The invaders seized the land and property of the inhabitants.
My father was a barrister by profession.
The growth of culture.
Transplant the young rice plants.
He worked like a demon to finish the job on time.
"His ideas were well outside the mainstream, but he presented them intelligently, and we were impressed if not convinced."
To take precautions against risks of accident.
The meeting elected a chairperson.
Film rights.
The teacher's ability reflects well on the school.
The submarine submerged in the water.
She scrubbed his back.
I promised somebody my time.
Mechanisms of communication.
A single mistake undid the President and he had to resign.
Spades were trumps.
Peach fuzz.
He enjoys an exaggerated reputation for probity.
They finished the game under protest to the league president.
Shock grain.
This road has been signed.
A circle was the embodiment of his concept of life.
She lived as an exile.
He caught only a glimpse of the professor's meaning.
Laws enforcing noise abatement.
The ship nears the land.
He aimed his fists towards his opponent's face.
The cloth had a pattern of red dots on a white surface.
"When arriving at the office, first thing I do is booting my machine."
She's an absolute gem.
I need some help with my homework.
Pensions are in the toilet.
He killed the ball.
Her longevity as a star.
The President removed many postmasters.
She did a strip right in front of everyone.
A public force is necessary to give security to the rights of citizens.
He found that the new manager was known for his Machiavellian manipulations in his last two positions.
"He can play ""Happy Birthday"" on the piano."
Consolidate the companies various operations.
To preserve silence.
Proved beyond peradventure. -- South.
Even before noon there was a considerable patronage.
This letter is being circulated among the faculty.
Muscle consists largely of actin and myosin filaments.
He directed all his energies into his dissertation.
Plant a spy in Moscow.
The conclusion of a business deal.
Children can manage snaps better than buttons.
He was the terror of the neighborhood.
There are seven continents.
His motivation was at a high level.
A beat of the heart.
He shared his catch with the others.
The newspaper posted him in Timbuktu.
The dollar coin has never been popular in the United States.
The robin has a red breast.
The thief relieved me of $100.
Mom always conserved the strawberries we grew in the backyard.
He needed to grieve before he could achieve a sense of closure.
Engrave a pen.
He had a vision of the Virgin Mary.
They collected blood scrapings for analysis.
None of his brothers would betray him.
"In his sermon, the minister didn't try to whitewash over the sins of his church."
He made a deal with the devil.
We have developed a new theory of evolution.
Playing computer games can improve your manual dexterity.
Having arrived unannounced we had to take potluck.
The Apology of Socrates.
A straggle of outbuildings.
He tried to get unposed shots of his friends.
Command the military forces.
Refrigerate this medicine.
Care should be taken when holding babies.
Twist the dough into a braid.
He changed the setting on the thermostat.
Optimism spread among the population.
This tent sleeps six people.
In 1920 the 18th amendment to the Constitution established prohibition in the US.
"Stay with me, please."
His treatment of space borrows from Italian architecture.
He finally got his big break.
It was a heavy play and the actors tried in vain to give life to it.
It only takes a minute.
A boat exhibition.
That car isn't good for anything but scrap.
The fire destroyed the house.
Cleat a line.
He did not want to be pinnacled.
A heritage of freedom.
She wailed with pain.
Boston Red Sox pitcher Tim Wakefield is best known for his use of the knuckleball.
He was frustrated because he couldn't find anything about dinosaurs in the book.
Look at the roll of the waves.
He sacrificed a piece to get a strategic advantage.
The two countries share a long border.
A self freed from the bondage of time.
The path pierced the jungle.
They kept a firm grip on the two top priorities.
He could barely make out their shapes.
He loved the twilight.
John heavily sugars his coffee.
Play its role.
The flowers proliferated rapidly all spring.
The questions on the test tripped him up.
She cloistered herself in the office.
We were expecting a visit from our relatives.
Many campsites were located near the flowage.
It follows that your assertion is false.
That hat is my property.
They heard indistinct noises of people talking.
It was a policy of retribution.
He grabbed the pull and opened the drawer.
He used a hook-shaped affair with a long handle to unlock the car.
The sensitivity of his skin to pressure and temperature was normal.
The reality of the crash scene on TV dawned upon him only when he saw the victim was no actor but his friend.
He planned a party to celebrate Bastille Day.
This measure will result in good or in evil.
Peg a tent.
He acquired all the company's assets for ten million dollars and the assumption of the company's debts.
There were fights in the streets.
His opponent hooked him badly.
The swollen river flooded the village.
Some of the world's leading intellects were meeting there.
"There was then a long discussion of whether to capitalize words like ""east""."
The car did not have proper restraints fitted.
I'll give it a go.
The car crushed the toy.
Cushion the blow.
She scavenged the garbage cans for food.
Drug abuse is often regarded as a form of recreation.
He obeyed without question.
Before God I swear I am innocent.
Every morning he gargled a little cheap Scotch.
Heel that dance.
She fusses over her husband.
I kicked him in the nuts.
The work of an active imagination.
A good sense of timing.
They should respect the wishes of the people.
The actor struck just the right attitude.
Her indifference to his amorous advances really steamed the young man.
Mindless dissipation of natural resources.
Our paths in life led us apart.
Farmers most affected by the drought hope that there may yet be sufficient rain early in the growing season.
"If you roll a six, you can make two moves."
The club elected its officers for the coming year.
I inherited the deed to the house.
The best student was a transfer from LSU.
He was hospitalized for extreme fatigue.
She was belabored by her fellow students.
They endured a torrent of inquiries.
Erosion is the work of wind or water over time.
The library was a member of the interlibrary loan association.
The rising of the Holy Ghost.
The partners were delighted with the recognition of their work.
This nerve decussates the other.
A succession of stalls offering soft drinks.
"She was going that way anyway, so she offered to show him where it was."
The skaters demonstrated their spins.
Administrative body.
She wore a sort of magenta dress.
I loved to write.
Infantrymen in Vietnam were called grunts.
The terrorists crashed the plane into the palace.
Create one a peer.
The distribution of nerve fibers.
Canons of polite society.
Wait here until your car arrives.
I want to switch this red dress for a green one.
Mince tastes really good fried in a pan with some chopped onion and tomato.
Replicate the cell.
A good show of looking interested.
Map the surface of Venus.
Bracket bookshelves.
"Although we don't like your methods, we applaud your motives."
Grass with large plumes.
Their music has been described as a blend of jazz and heavy metal.
He made a bad bull of the assignment.
He spends far more on gambling than he does on living proper.
A usage borrowed from French.
The telephone installation took only a few minutes.
Pound the roots with a heavy flat stone.
I donated blood to the Red Cross for the victims of the earthquake.
One of the most widely used typefaces in the world was hewn by the English printer and typographer John Baskerville.
A breed of tulip.
Why risk your life?
In what city is the circuit court sitting for this session.
"Before I tackle the question directly, I must briefly review historical approaches to the problem."
A disc jockey.
The student body.
The economy stabilized.
"Joe is a great addition to our sales team, he has numerous leads in the paper industry."
Bases include oxides and hydroxides of metals and ammonia.
The inadequacy of unemployment benefits.
"With my phone company, I get a free upgrade every twelve months if I keep topping up 10 pounds a month."
The politician received a lot of public criticism for his controversial stance on the issue.
A bastion against corruption.
The blind are too often objects of pity.
The old book cover was embellished with golden letters.
The tower had a pronounced tilt.
Educational facilities.
It was their finest hour.
The crime capital of Italy.
There was a fire at the school last night and the whole place burned down.
"Using large dogs to attack bound, hand-cuffed prisoners is clearly torture."
She struggled to play the difficult passages.
Her spirits rose when she heard the good news.
Who's chiseling on the side?
The bane of my life.
Hang wallpaper.
A breed of animal.
The smell of fried onions makes my mouth water.
The value assigned was 16 milliseconds.
He felt the presence of an evil force.
He had a vision of the Virgin Mary.
Rim a hat.
The prison guard unlocked the door of the cell.
He owns a controlling share of the company's stock.
He was dressed in grey.
I'll give you a ring when the plane lands.
Karma's a bitch.
The reporter fiddle with the facts.
Their escape route.
The door closed with a jolt.
The cream of England's young men were killed in the Great War.
A satellite TV channel.
Originally distress was a landlord's remedy against a tenant for unpaid rents or property damage but now the landlord is given a landlord's lien.
He had a laughing fit which lasted more than ten minutes.
Kid gloves.
The phone rang at the other end.
That car is too expensive for my pocketbook.
The pull up the hill had him breathing harder.
Grind the spices in a mortar.
Add the noodles when the water comes to the boil.
A second stringer.
Receive letters from the front.
Before the set of sun.
Her church group has planned an adoption shower.
To start a stream of water.
They sat on the hearth and warmed themselves before the fire.
Celebrate Christmas.
The bubble burst.
It is hard to get this pitch off of my hand.
The earth shook for several minutes.
Close a book.
Cure pickles.
Deposit the suitcase on the bench.
He came in a close second.
Ligate the artery.
Men in exile dream of hope.
He bought it on an impulse.
Tier upon tier of huge casks.
The hound has a good nose.
Smoking stinks.
We will channel the traffic to the left with these cones.
To bask in someone's favour.
"The absorption of light, heat, electricity, etc."
The satisfaction of their demand for better services.
A rugged complexion.
He has a good grasp of accounting practices.
A person's appropriation of property belonging to another is dishonest.
We are in a transitional stage in which many former ideas must be revised or rejected.
This herbal infusion doesn't stimulate.
They were hoping for good weather.
Pick flowers.
The foundation provided support for the experiment.
Do a drop for the telephone gang through the ceiling of the wiring closet.
You can lead a horse to water but you can't make him drink.
I can feel the sadness in his poems.
Anesthetize the gum before extracting the teeth.
Nail the board onto the wall.
A soft susurrus of conversation.
The device is small enough to wear on your wrist.
The landscape architect suggested a small planting in the northwest corner.
"Over time, the spontaneous movement had become an organization."
This is a strange kind of tobacco.
Be careful not to chip the paint.
Set a broken bone.
She enjoyed the queen's favor.
He had a fair trial and the jury found him guilty.
The vagina receives the penis during coitus.
The sky seemed to flame in the Hawaiian sunset.
The winner was a true sleeper -- no one expected him to get it.
Insects may overwinter in fallen fruit if it is not removed.
To render Latin into English.
Bump and grind.
In focus.
The impulse knocked him over.
Where do we go from here?
Rein a horse.
Rekindle her love.
He was a man of judicial deliberation.
When icicles start to form on the eaves you know the roads will be icy.
Frost the glass.
Meet a need.
Drugs have become a sickness they can not cure.
The agency of providence.
I include you in the list of culprits.
"I don't want to be bald, so just top my hair."
I wouldn't mind an ice cream right now.
The lack of consensus reflected differences in theoretical positions.
To curve a line.
A plague of grasshoppers.
The pleasure of his company.
It seeped along the hem of his jacket.
There is strength in union.
She has a sunny disposition.
It defines a major contour of this administration.
The test was standardized on a large sample of students.
'The ball was thrown by the boy' uses the passive voice.
He's coming for a couple of days.
Haul vegetables to the market.
Politicians have to respect a mass movement.
He is badly in debt.
Instill medication into my eye.
Do you see what I mean?
She used a different color for the trim.
The animal constituent of plankton.
I'd like to share this idea with you.
Someone in the audience began to cough.
Vice offends the moral standards of the community.
You can not conduct business like this.
His unselfishness gave him great intellectual roominess.
Stem the tide.
We raise hogs here.
It is in the center of town.
I had a strange feeling in my leg.
A harvest of love.
Garbage pickup is on Mondays and Thursdays.
"When the pot comes to a boil, cover it and reduce the heat to medium."
Endorse cheques.
We age every day -- what a depressing thought!
We all age through the efflux of time.
At the top of his profession.
Foot the bill.
Replay a point.
The defense argued that the plaintiff's discovery was inadequate.
Two plus two equals four.
Cradle gold.
The program was withdrawn because of the squeamishness of some viewers.
I heard a splash when the rock landed in the pond.
They issued a limited edition of Bach recordings.
His chair sat in a puddle of books and magazines.
This gallant laboring to avoid popularity falls into a habit of affectation. -- Ben Jonson.
Oxygenate blood.
The parachutist didn't want to jump.
"To underlay a cut, plate, or the like, for printing."
The butterfly wings shade to yellow.
Can you drive this four-wheel truck?
Market runups are invariably followed by a correction.
At the expense of.
After the fire a still small voice. -- 1 Kings 19:12.
Populate the forest with deer and wild boar for hunting.
You've got to fire that fuckup.
Smear the wall with paint.
He turned the paper over so the writing wouldn't show.
His pretension to the crown.
Keystone stater.
She is known as quite a risk taker.
The larvae of some moths spin a web that resembles a carpet.
In the characteristic New York style.
The host is not always injured by association with a parasite.
A devotee of classical music.
The mechanic's failure to check the brakes.
They share a language.
The dining room had an ornate ceiling.
The roughness of her voice was a signal to keep quiet.
She's at the height of her career.
The conversion of equations.
Your fears have no basis in fact.
Cast lots.
To add numbers.
I love the aroma of cinnamon.
Loop a rope.
The right to equal treatment in the criminal justice system.
I support France in the World Cup.
They turned to individualism as their salvation.
His hard work soon attracted the teacher's notice.
Past tense.
Handwriting can be slow and painful for one with arthritis.
Rail off the crowds from the Presidential palace.
She wore her hair in an amazing construction of whirls and ribbons.
Their love left them indifferent to their surroundings.
Did this event register in your parents' minds?
The hour grows late and I must go home.
The hikers did not manage to penetrate the dense forest.
A den of vice.
My boss is out on another of his three martini lunches.
I beg to differ!
The bundle was tied with a cord.
Truss the roofs.
The boys in blue marched to the pipers.
A point is defined by its coordinates.
I plan to go travelling while I still enjoy good health.
These aspects of civilization do not find expression or receive an interpretation.
We made a batch of cookies to take to the party.
They export most of their agricultural production.
An appeal to raise money for starving children.
The sole object of her trip was to see her children.
There are laws that protect the wildlife in this park.
She satisfied his need for affection.
Chop a hole in the ground.
There is no question about the validity of the enterprise.
Simmer the sauce.
I can not narrow down the rules for this game.
Administer the last unction.
A change soon put a period to my tranquility.
The first baseman hit a homer to lead off the ninth.
"When he just looks at me, my heart begins to palpitate with excitement."
The clock had a moon that showed various phases.
I failed to get the job due to inexperience.
They argued whether or not Adam had a navel.
The course of the river.
Retie the string and make it strong enough now.
It does not matter much.
Half an hour.
Close the circuit.
A slave to fashion.
Remount a regiment.
Put your umbrella in the umbrella holder.
Post a sign.
The remains of the bonfire were left to smolder for hours.
To unearth a secret.
Your guests are now in my custody.
I am proud of my contribution in advancing the project.
You could see the tumor in the CAT scan.
The studio had a northern exposure.
He was in such a state you just couldn't reason with him.
Does her shopping at the mall rather than down town.
The squatters had to surrender the building after the police moved in.
I know a guy who has a foot fetish.
The outcome was in his favor.
Please try not to overreact if she drives badly when she is first learning.
Zap the enemy.
She sent unruly pupils to see the principal.
She swore on her honour.
It was a suggestion we couldn't refuse.
As the sun moved he readjusted the shade.
The house gets a percentage of every bet.
The capable type.
Plant fish.
Gurdjieff connects this type of breathing with yogi breathing.
The store carried a large selection of shoes.
Artillery must take account of a weapon's precise inclination.
Moderate your alcohol intake.
The teeth of one cogwheel engage those of another.
A slice of the company's revenue.
He changed the arrangement of the topics.
She gave a gasp and fainted.
The identity under numerical multiplication is 1.
Every dog has its day.
They wanted to see violence and they got an eyeful.
I asked him to sit.
His girlfriend kicked him out.
A steel or magnesium ribbon.
That's a lot of wind.
Her red hat gave her outfit a splash of color.
Don't forget the minus sign.
Ellen used a spreader to butter her bagel.
To seize a ship after libeling.
A coat of seal.
"Using a crayon, the girl made a print of the leaf under the page."
Wax the car.
What do his words intend?
We managed to reserve a table at Maxim's.
I put a drip of vanilla extract in my hot cocoa.
I won't stoop to reading other people's mail.
"The seizure of a thief, a property, a throne, etc."
He had a long career in the law.
Our garden is overgrown with weeds.
There was a wedding in the offing.
It came to a stop at the bottom of the hill.
She offered me a lifeline in my time of grief.
One boy hit the other.
"Psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers and other mental health professionals counsel clients."
The living room and dining room adjoin each other.
This factory floor is a showcase for automation and robotic equipment.
She has a spaniel and a red setter.
She is a math major.
The fault lies with you.
We're at a crucial juncture in our relationship.
"Hand me the spoon, please."
To accept the report of a committee.
Guard my possessions while I'm away.
"She tried to think of some killer of an argument, a real zinger that would disarm all opposition."
He can hear the snap of a twig.
Don't shake your fist at me!
Bury a bone.
"Quick, grab that umbrella before you get rained on!"
If you leave now you might catch him.
The class was thrown into disorder when the teacher left the room.
The young violinist didn't manage her bow very well.
We haven't even begun to map the many galaxies that we know exist.
The irony of Ireland's copying the nation she most hated.
Can you help me organize my files?
Can we wade across the river to the other side?
A clergyman improved the tone of the meeting.
The children were playing ball on the beach.
Don't forget to shuffle the cards.
The senator said he would oppose the bill.
The article was written to demystify the mechanics of the internal combustion engine.
You can compute the area of a square if you know the length of its sides.
The zero sign in American Sign Language is considered rude in some cultures.
He refused to live in the governor's residence.
Administer critical remarks to everyone present.
Commit a random act of kindness.
"He attempted the examination, but did not expect to pass."
The company decided to divest.
The gaudy bandwagon led the circus parade.
"If you don't scram, I'll leave instead!"
He was the hero according to his own relation.
The growth of population.
He enjoyed his relief from responsibility.
He recited the whole poem without a single trip.
Who will start?
Is anything the matter?
They make good music -- you should give them a hearing.
He escaped involvement in the accident.
He sat on the bank of the river and watched the currents.
Evacuate the bottle.
The teacher translated Latin texts into English which he gave to his students for retroversion.
An appeal for help.
He was arrested on a charge of larceny.
Boys gravitate towards girls at that age.
The third series of Friends aired from 1996 to 1997.
Break a record.
We must hear the expert before we make a decision.
Beat the drum.
Beyond any stretch of his understanding.
Often imitations are extended to provide a more accurate rendition of the child's intended meaning.
Companies sometimes pay millions for product endorsement by celebrities.
Bank on your good education.
He took a wrong turn on the access to the bridge.
Liquidate a company.
We're on the side of right in this contest.
The garage was an afterthought.
The painful gasps of a dying asthmatic.
The author gives a depressing picture of life in Poland.
To tread a path.
To balance a set of books.
When will the new President assume office?
Truncate a series.
I'll walk you to your car.
Their youngest son said grace.
Copper rods bend easily.
"My marriage is in trouble, the fight created a rift between us and we can't reconnect."
Hot water will shrink the sweater.
I need to prime these handrails before we can apply the finish coat.
The virus of jealousy is latent in everyone.
They sought to explode the myth.
Name your accomplices!
She refused to chiromance my fate.
The watch dog gave her a feeling of security.
Rag that old tune.
Don't fire until you see the whites of their eyes.
"This painting shows little organization at first glance, but little by little the structure becomes clear."
Cross a horse and a donkey.
An angry face.
He awaited word from his man in Havana.
Clap two boards together.
They made a comparison of noise levels.
Syngman Rhee kept imprisoned the Dowager Queen Yun Empress Sunjeong of the Korean Empire for fear of the respect the people held for her.
To extract an essential oil from a plant.
He ran a 4 minute mile.
Preferment of charges.
Consolidate one's hold on first place.
The Incas believed that Cuzco was the navel of the universe.
From its creation the plan was doomed to failure.
Erupt in anger.
An embarrassment of riches.
He uses drugs as a psychological crutch.
The temperature outside is ten degrees below zero.
Unlock the door.
The press of business matters.
"After many years as a party leader, she finally ascended to the presidency."
Wanton one's money away.
Loosen the tension on a rope.
Deflate a balloon.
I condition my hair after washing it.
Shore and buttress an old building.
Whiff a pipe.
"Six years of a happy relationship, and then she had the nerve to cheat on me with a barman!"
Enjoy your holidays!
It was all for naught.
Crush an aluminum can.
Void a plea.
A soldier manned the entrance post.
The party went with a bang.
The American shopkeeper differs from his European congener.
Please erase the formula on the blackboard -- it is wrong!
He took me into his confidence.
She scribbled a curve on the paper.
Pitch a tent.
She and her husband would join in the general stampede. -- W. Black.
We can't generate enough power for the entire city.
Rake leaves.
Skip town.
A traffic backup on the main street.
A prime ingredient of public speaking is projection of the voice.
Economic logic requires it.
Give a divorce.
He followed the deer's slot over the soft turf to the edge of the trees.
Model an airplane.
The theme is announced in the first measures.
Twist one's head.
They tend to substitute for more mundane things.
Do research.
"She can bear witness, since she was there at the time."
Flex your wrists.
Don't relax your efforts now.
Population tends to concentrate in cities.
He got a scoop on the bribery of city officials.
Groom the dogs.
Shut your face!
I can't hack it anymore.
He was a model of polite restraint.
Children learn early on to categorize.
"So as to prevent cheating, he was asked to reshuffle the cards."
Knead dough.
I checked the prices on the ticker one last time before placing the trade.
We support the armed services in the name of national security.
The value of a crotchet is twice that of a quaver.
This writer attempts more than his talents can compass.
Nuclear disarmament and nonproliferation are closely related goals.
A railroad network.
Working mothers rely on the day care program.
Value the jewelry and art work in the estate.
Careful in turn three -- there's an oil slick on the road.
We pause for station identification.
Treat the water so it can be drunk.
If you've time to spare go by air.
"We should put a cap on the salaries, to keep them under control."
"Your header is too long; ""Local Cannibals"" will suffice."
To pluck at somebody's sleeve.
Stress is a vasoconstrictor.
Unclothe your heart of envy.
Cure meats.
They had no protection from the fallout.
They have a southpaw on the mound.
Words like 'conservative' require periodic redefinition.
It was a long march.
The service happened yesterday.
Sailing is her favorite pastime.
I can't agree with you!
Their poor behavior was due to the rawness of the troops.
Have recourse to the courts.
It is an obvious truncation of the verse.
What is the trouble?
Sneak a look.
Refer a patient to a specialist.
A gentle squeeze on the arm.
Evoke sympathy.
He paused on the bottom step.
The amount he had in cash was insufficient.
The contract requires that the party of the first part pay the fee.
Here we enter the region of opinion.
When that became known the price of their stock went into free fall.
Arrange my schedule.
"When he struck it with a hammer, there was a loud bang."
He fell asleep to the music of the wind chimes.
The bird had a knot of feathers forming a crest.
The earthquake was a disaster.
The Virgin lived in a state of grace.
Wrench a window off its hinges.
He used a handcart to carry the rocks away.
The derivative of f: f(x) = x^2 is f': f'(x) = 2x.
Sound the bell.
The land had never been plowed.
To amass a treasure or a fortune.
A ten-day coach circuit of the island.
Lodge a bullet in the table.
"The node had established communication with the network, but had as yet sent no data."
Half a loaf.
To execute a turn in ballet.
His voice had an edge to it.
You'll get your coat all muddy if you trail it around like that.
"The prisoner tried to flee, but was caught by the guards."
We can not man all the desks.
A captain of industry.
The lamb is the symbol of meekness or patience.
He faced punishment for creating the fenced enclosure in a public park.
The definition of a telescope.
The police used a plant to trick the thieves.
He sliced his drive out of bounds.
It was as if fortune guided his hand.
Edit film.
Crumb the table.
The rocket is now in deceleration.
They proposed an increase of 15 percent in the fare.
Let's all relax after a hard day's work.
The adhesion of Seville was decisive.
"When there is no wind, row."
In my estimation the boy is innocent.
That high a neutron flux would be lethal in seconds.
Will this wallpaper adhere to the wall?
They studied forerunners of richness or poverty.
They have radiant heating.
Whang away at the school reform plan.
The capacity of a hard disk drive is usually expressed in megabytes.
The runoff of nitrates is poisoning the lake.
Corrupt the morals.
Both philosophers concord on this point.
The twins resemble each other.
There was not enough fill for the trench.
He had pride of ownership in his department.
This food's gone off-you'd better chuck it.
He added more coolant to the car's radiator.
She didn't want to know the sex of the foetus.
Train of mourners.
It was created with the conscious aim of answering immediate needs.
He combed his hair.
American diplomacy provided a toehold on which to proceed toward peace talks.
"After the ill-advised trade, the investor was stuck with worthless options for 10,000 tons of iron pig."
Waste heat.
A large turnout for the meeting.
Inhale the fresh mountain air.
Stir the soup.
His emphasis on civil rights.
Please drain the sink. It's full of dirty water.
I estimate this chicken to weigh three pounds.
Give him a shtik cake.
The winning goal came with less than a minute left to play.
Deflate the air mattress.
My sister is always driving me crazy.
There is plenty of comfortable seating.
The sound of rain on the roof.
He came to the party in formal dress.
An array of troops in battle order.
Probe an anthill.
I'll sell you all three for a hundred dollars.
He attributed the change to their marriage.
The same laws apply to you!
Model a head with clay.
Expose the blanket to sunshine.
Our pitcher has a sore arm.
He brought his portable sawmill and turned the old beams into interesting flooring.
He did not want to subject himself to the judgments of his superiors.
The more remote the body the less the gravity.
A lover of fine wines.
They kept in daily contact.
Maine is a leading producer of potatoes.
"After the shelling, many people lost the ability to remember."
His goal was the repression of insolence.
He wanted to get outdoors a little.
He played the first cut on the cd.
He was in the grip of a powerful emotion.
The lecturer shot off a pistol as a demonstration of the startle response.
The fundus of the stomach.
He can not carry a tune.
You have brought ruin on this entire family.
The middle-finger gesture is really a nonverbal swear.
Can you disentangle the cord?
Do you smoke?
All that talk is just a smokescreen to disguise the fact that he has nothing to say.
Puff a cigar.
Bring comments.
She has a cold in the nose.
Balance the two weights.
He volunteered to taste her latest concoction.
This cup has a chip in it.
You must confront your opponent.
No section of the nation is more ardent than the South.
A wave of emotion swept over him.
I had a feeling that she was lying.
Fix your eyes on this spot.
I regarded his campaign for mayor as a joke.
Water is the element of fishes.
All the world's a stage -- Shakespeare.
We compel all students to fill out this form.
Stimulate my appetite.
The scoreboard shows a little football symbol next to the name of the team that has possession.
I have a monthly subscription to The Daily Telegraph newspaper.
Mr. Jones will assume the position of a lifeguard until a proper replacement is found.
Score the clay before firing it.
The president has a unique personality.
Steam and clean the upholstered sofa.
The wire must not contact the metal cover.
The patient can not walk yet.
"Their interests didn't match, so it took a long time to agree what to do together."
The function of a teacher.
Clinched a victory.
"I'm convinced that there was a presence in that building that I can't explain, which led to my heroic actions."
The ancients believed that blood was the seat of the emotions.
What does this painting say?
Rusticate the house in the country.
He told the truth.
Demands for some form of separatism on grounds of religion have been perceived as a threat to mainstream education.
The roommates lived in peace together.
He gave me a dirty look.
The French try to sell us their image as great lovers.
A home for outcasts.
He swore vengeance on the man who betrayed him.
Too many laws are a drag on the use of new land.
The magnetic effect was greater when the rod was lengthwise.
You must overcome all difficulties.
The visiting team started to attack.
A cry of rage.
To aggravate my woes. -- Alexander Pope.
17 leaves a remainder of 2 when divided by 3.
Every dog has his day.
Justify the margins.
We're expecting another shipment of oranges tomorrow.
"We packaged the deliverable, a program called FLOOD.EXE, in an installer file."
Play a hooked fish.
Negociate securities.
Bootleg tapes of the diva's singing.
I'll heat up the water.
He knew the stock was a speculation when he bought it.
A nice guy.
The general had to sacrifice several soldiers to save the regiment.
Head the fish.
In England they call takeout food 'takeaway'.
When will the appraiser attest the date of the painting?
View a problem.
They saw the light of the beacon.
He is the dean of foreign correspondents.
In most industrialized countries the fertility rate has dropped well below replacement rate.
Dishwashers wash dishes much more efficiently than most humans.
The crack of the bat hitting the ball.
The gun has only been fired two times.
The lung cancer patient can not inspire air very well.
They shared a community of possessions.
He gave only a crumb of information about his plans.
He ducked behind the garden wall and waited.
The defendants asked for a consolidation of the actions against them.
Snag a bargain.
The spring was broken.
He moved off into the darkness.
As they say in the trade.
To back the oars.
Gentrify the old center of town.
Entertain interesting notions.
Avert a strike.
She threw a tantrum.
We aim to provide the local community with more green spaces.
"I just dropped by to say ""hi""."
The river was navigable for 50 miles.
Nobody has crossed the void since one man died trying three hundred years ago; it's high time we had another go.
Sometimes it takes a bit of luck to get success.
He had a funny walk.
The methods can master the problems.
Would counsel please approach the bench? asked the judge.
The subject of a passive verb is usually a patient.
We prize his creativity.
The filtered extract of the mash is the feedstock for the fermenter.
Lighten the burden of caring for her elderly parents.
Standing on the corner watching all the girls go by.
We put the time of arrival at 8 P.M.
Hold in place.
Under the yoke of a tyrant.
I wonder whether this was the right thing to do.
Ernest was a historian specializing in the presidency of Herbert Hoover.
The money will sustain our good cause.
Matters of a personal nature.
He has filial rights because he obtained letters of legitimation from the king.
The cast would need a great deal of machining to become a recognizable finished part.
Please tighten that screw a quarter-turn.
Score the SAT essays.
Don't digress when you give a lecture.
Wipe the blackboard.
The physicist used his conjecture about subatomic particles to design an experiment.
It was beneath his dignity to cheat.
Passing grades account for half of the grades given in this exam.
I judge a man's character by the cut of his suit.
Jupiter was the origin of the radiation.
The law came looking for him.
I'll have to resolve the equation with the new values.
The youngsters had to fend for themselves after their parents died.
Chicago set the homicide record.
Many animals fear fire by instinct.
The architect wants to step the terrace.
Elaborate a plan.
Work the body onto the flatbed truck.
It was a black-tie function.
He proposed an elaborate program of public works.
Her face was as hard as stone.
Draw water from a well.
Excavate gold.
His answer to any problem was to get drunk.
We share a passion for books.
He and his wife shared a common purse.
"Maybe that's how it works in TV-land, bu not in the real world."
His trembling was evidence of his fear.
The take must be repeated.
The making of measurements.
In Paris the subway system is called the 'metro' and in London it is called the 'tube' or the 'underground'.
Idaho potatoes bake beautifully.
Resign a claim to the throne.
A metal screen protected the observers.
We watch the 7 o'clock news every night.
A micro enterprise is defined as a business having 5 or fewer employees and a low seed capital.
It was in the heartland of the French wine growing areas.
He is a real plus to the team.
Drive a car or bus.
Listen to the pop of a champagne cork.
A bit of paper.
In good kilter.
He has responsibility for the running of two companies at the same time.
Rig a ship.
They tried to preserve nature as they found it.
That little rascal bit me!
The accident was a good lesson to me.
Introduce the new neighbors to the community.
He feared the speedy decline of all manhood.
Room for improvement.
They killed him on the theory that dead men tell no tales.
Convention center.
Certain insects are said to blow.
Remove a case to another court.
Take flight.
He spent hours reading to the blind.
They said nothing of great interest.
Square the wood with a file.
What does love consist in?
The main forms of oat are meal and bran.
Don't look in the closet.
Obstruct the path.
The reorganization was prescribed by federal bankruptcy laws.
The new soldier did not clean his cabin and was scolded for dereliction and disobedience.
She said her son thought Hillary was a bitch.
The teacher did her best to quiet the children down.
Eligibility for a loan.
The reason I robbed the bank was that I needed the money.
She was the chairperson of the board and she presided over the meeting.
"He grabbed the woman in a chokehold, demanded her cash and jewelry, and then fled."
Twin crystals.
Transdermal scopolamine is used to treat motion sickness.
He's a tiger on the tennis court.
We have to rerun the subjects -- they misunderstood the instructions.
We congratulated him on his performance at the rehearsal.
Internationalize trade of certain drugs.
Islam is a major religion in parts of Asia and Africa.
Clear a debt.
Files with the .txt extension usually contain text.
The storm's violence.
What do you mean you didn't come home last night? Would you care to elaborate?
He took a trip to the shopping center.
He was a claimant to the throne.
He made a bad mistake.
A beautiful figure which she used in subtle movements of unparalleled grace.
Leap into fame.
They were an angry lot.
Should I patent this invention?
Crisscross the sheet of paper.
Its precedence as the world's leading manufacturer of pharmaceuticals.
I retain this drug for a long time.
Hobbies enrich lives.
It takes time to learn the setup around here.
We prefer sleeping outside.
Roll a cigarette.
People are needed who have experience in cookery.
Two of the receivers ran post patterns.
He is serving for the game.
They stared at the newcomer with a puzzled expression.
He noticed a conflict in the dates of the two meetings.
It is but a step.
The white zone is for loading and unloading only.
The depth of the water.
Round the edges.
A healthy baby born at full term.
Mash the garlic.
Married above her station.
The leakiness of the roof.
The troops went hungry because of the insufficiency of their supplies.
It was a great sales gimmick.
You should act like an adult.
Potatoes bake to a crisp in the oven.
File for divorce.
The eclat of a great achievement.
What's the problem?
The freshness of the air revived him.
"If we fence in that field, it will be a good pasture for a horse."
It was several days after the storm before they could repair the washout and open the road.
Go and collect some kindling.
The actress won't reveal how old she is.
The hurricane demolished houses in its path.
Let's rent a car.
There was a loud hiccup from the back of the room and the class erupted in laughter.
The family brought suit against the landlord.
This story will grab you.
He died without issue.
The marginalization of the underclass.
The deathbed scene is the climax of the play.
The foundation of a new scientific society.
Health considerations override financial concerns.
I miss you! Come home soon!
The hydrogen and the oxygen react.
You must comply or else!
He lost the hole when his approach rolled over the green.
She intended to devour the book.
He was suggested not to overstate at the interview.
What makes her do this way?
Nothing good will come of this.
He drowned his sorrows in whiskey at the bar.
Some details got lost in the push to get the project done.
The Chinese are said to harvest organs from executed criminals.
A network of canals.
Baste a roast.
A pillar of smoke.
I have a house and a car.
Blow a horse.
The cinema is right across the street from the restaurant.
The bridesmaid carried a spray of lily-of-the-valley.
We ran into each other by pure chance.
A manifestation of disease.
Steamroller the road.
Military security has been stepped up since the recent uprising.
I have to revise the first draft of my term paper.
Cast a warm light.
There's a new brand of hero in the movies now.
Taxes are rounded off to the nearest dollar but the rounding error is surprisingly small.
The urban poor need assistance.
The expression of milk from her breast.
The long-term unemployed need assistance.
"The first major milestone in space exploration was in 1957, when the USSR's Sputnik 1 orbited the Earth."
He insisted on discipline among the troops.
He acted very wise after the event.
Defang the poisonous snake.
A grain of sugar.
Keep boarders.
"After six days, we're finally in the last leg of our cross-country trip."
In all thy ways acknowledge Him. -- Proverbs 3:6.
Gutter the buildings.
The artist must first learn to see.
The biggest tree in existence.
Nick horses.
There is no simple answer to corruption.
Injuries have shortened the bench.
They built a car that runs on electricity.
Don't delay your application to graduate school or else it won't be considered.
To sew money into a bag.
Clean your fingernails before dinner.
Throw accusations at someone.
Dig a hole.
"The artist took a thoughtful toke off the joint, then passed it along."
We all managed to squash into Mum's tiny car.
Identification of the gun was an important clue.
He was taught from the cradle never to cry.
Trim the christmas tree.
This trip will season even the hardiest traveller.
He cut a square shape out of the cake.
These young men deify financial success.
My secret will die with me!
"The word ""fifteen"", the Arabic numeral ""15"", and the Roman numeral ""XV"" are all numerals representing the number fifteen."
Social groups form everywhere.
They have to card anybody who looks 21 or younger.
Coarsen the surface.
These apples need to mellow a bit more.
Plan the new wing of the museum.
Could you convert my dollars into pounds?
Poverty is the mother of ingenuity.
Don't go outside wearing just a t-shirt; you'll freeze!
Sketch the building.
A bomb scare led them to evacuate the building.
Give the door a hard push if it sticks.
Glorify one's spouse's cooking.
Her wishes had a great influence on his thinking.
Did you test the software package to ensure completeness?
Tease tissue for microscopic examinations.
He looked at her for ten full minutes before recognition dawned.
Row the boat across the lake.
The American colony in Paris.
Lubricate my car.
I submit these plans for your approval.
Spin silk.
Blessed is he who is an alleviator of suffering.
The race is to the swift.
"A $10,000 bond was furnished by an alderman."
He put some spin on the cue ball.
Old people.
They plan to revamp the historical theater in the old downtown.
"All in all, it was an even exchange."
The left guard was injured on the play.
It is important to acknowledge the work of others in one's own writing.
I couldn't tell what the thing was.
"Truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that has survived. -- Oscar Wilde."
They struck in support of their claim for a shorter work day.
The distance to Petersborough is thirty miles.
Age hasn't slowed him down at all.
A plot of great ingenuity.
Atlanta was chosen to be host for the Olympic Games.
This job calls for the investment of some hard thinking.
Tap beer in a bar.
He heard the scream of the brakes.
He described a refinement of this technique.
In a final bravura the ballerina appeared to be floating in water.
They were rescued from despair at the last minute.
The policy so far is all stick and no carrot.
I don't know what to do -- I may as well flip a coin!
I can not impose that I get what I want.
The lines converge at this point.
"To roll a wheel, a ball, or a barrel."
Suggestions for further reading.
Unleash the dogs in the park.
She had a habit twirling the ends of her hair.
Saved by the bell.
St. Valentine's Day massacre.
The American constitution has provided a pattern for many republics.
You reek of perfume.
Iceberg is still the most popular lettuce.
Stretch out that piece of cloth.
Prepare a speech.
Your views don't count here.
A computer system provides utility programs to perform the tasks needed by most users.
I detest snakes.
He took what he wanted and I got the balance.
You should overhaul your car engine.
Parity is often used to check the integrity of transmitted data.
Rule one's temper.
It was a narrow defeat.
It is their flagship newspaper.
The crispness of his reply.
There were rocks all over the garden.
Obstruction of justice.
He raised the piano lid.
Pulse waves.
He came inside to warm up.
An orchard of considerable extent.
Begin a new chapter in your life.
Yesterday's solutions are not good enough.
That salesman must have practiced his fast line of talk.
The first violin part in this concerto is very challenging.
We need to conduct an overnight sleep test to diagnose your sleep problem.
He heard the beat of a drum.
The victory was a signal for wild celebration.
New York is the commercial heartbeat of America.
I'll mail you the paper when it's written.
Stretch my patience.
The reporter gave the witness an interview.
The room had only a bed and chair.
Please observe the reaction of these two chemicals.
Hoist the flags.
Pop the clutch.
My husband doesn't cook.
I don't relish the idea of going out tonight.
To unload a ship.
The situation brought home to us the blunt truth of the military threat.
The young prince will soon occupy the throne.
She went into nursing as a career.
Words of reproach.
Sculpt a swan out of a block of ice.
They offer a free hamburger with the purchase of a drink.
Students experiment sexually.
The storm wasn't long but it was a snorter.
An agony of doubt.
Relieve the pressure and the stress.
The course had only nine holes.
Troops are ready to go into overdrive as soon as the signal is given.
Measures for the control of disease.
Harness natural forces and resources.
Separation of isotopes by a cascade of processes.
The students contrast considerably in their artistic abilities.
He is such a fashion faddist.
They explored every avenue they could think of.
Build a modern nation.
Trade in an old car for a new one.
The King will read the proclamation at noon.
Loss of livestock left the rancher bankrupt.
Actions talk louder than words.
"For actors, memorizing lines is no game."
His word was gospel.
I will give this act my assent.
A mother's love is not easily shaken.
What is the closest neighbor to the Earth?
His car has a lot of pickup.
And big waves lash the frighted shores. -- John Dryden.
Alternately relax and tense your calf muscle.
I'm going to buy my father something nice for his birthday.
The whole argument rested on a basis of conjecture.
The information explosion.
Have a postdoc.
Please sweep the floor.
The colors don't intrude on the viewer.
The dawn of civilization.
A Democrat usually gets the union's endorsement.
A sprinkling of grey at his temples.
Reform your conduct.
"The superlative of ""big"" is ""biggest""."
I'm on a permanent high these days.
He was a great help to me when I was moving house.
A spent upper stage is a derelict satellite.
A lump of coal.
Stalk the woods for deer.
A train of thought.
The prosecutor offered the lieutenant immunity for all the crimes he would testify having known to be planned by the elusive drug baron.
He ate a whole pizza!
He's in a sweat about exams.
A quest for diamonds.
The automobile reduced the demand for buggywhips.
His dog has been his trusted companion for the last five years.
The restoration of this painting will take years.
Point a chimney.
All you ever do is surf the Internet.
Induce a crisis.
A preliminary draft.
Ships ply the waters near the coast.
Steep the blossoms in oil.
Brandish a sword.
Suppress a yawn.
Screen the job applicants.
Her entrance attracted no attention whatsoever.
He read a chapter every night before falling asleep.
Work stone into tools.
Tyrannical government.
Work equals force times distance.
The complement of 01100101_2 is 10011011_2.
You can not even begin to understand the problem we had to deal with during the war.
Cultivate the land.
I demand an explanation.
It was his unshakeable resolution to finish the work.
Some people have better immunity to diseases than others.
Great progress in the arts.
His mother was his abject slave.
Solve an old debt.
Children must be taught to conserve our national heritage.
Poison is released through a channel in the snake's fangs.
We grow wheat here.
He thought of answering with the truth but he knew they wouldn't believe it.
He questioned the sufficiency of human intelligence.
The horse had a blaze between its eyes.
The trees cast a delicate web of shadows over the lawn.
"I was sitting on the sofa for a long time, I was too lazy to move."
You must vacate your office by tonight.
Subjects received a small electric shock when they made the wrong response.
The retraction of the landing gear.
It was a leviathan among redwoods.
Meter the flow of water.
Tack the notice on the board.
Mulligan's sentence was commuted from death to transportation.
A man of action.
He carried a snapshot of his daughter.
Crop rotation.
"In the wintertime, heavy truck tires dig into the road, forming potholes."
The King only can decree.
"In unary and k-adic notation in general, zero is the empty string."
Parents must feed and dress their child.
Dam buster.
I suspect him of being the thief.
The two groups were similar in content.
We had to swim for 20 minutes to reach the shore.
Ship the cargo in the hold of the vessel.
They traditionally trim the tree on Christmas Eve.
The experience destroyed his trust and personal dignity.
He quickly became recognized as a member of the establishment.
A consultation of several medical specialists.
Thick cut marmalade.
In spite of his troubles he never gave up hope.
To foul the face or hands with mire.
His sincerity inspired belief.
He wrote the manual on car care.
"You made a promise, son, and now you must fulfil it."
Suspend the particles.
What's all this racket?
The investigation tending to negate any supernatural influences.
While driving home I took an excursion and saw some deer.
The neurologist pointed to a troubling trough in the pattern of his brain-waves.
I demand to see the manager.
I warrant this information.
Weigh the good against the bad.
The consumption of energy has increased steadily.
The controversy brought clearly into focus an important difference of opinion.
"Based on your test scores, you have a rank of 23."
A quarter of a pound.
"To raise a wall, or a heap of stones."
Price is a function of supply and demand.
"The sensitiveness of James's characters, their seeming inwardness."
"Some of her friends decided it was time to go home, but she wanted to stay on until sunrise."
Seat a concert hall.
"If you bend it too much, it will snap."
The ref missed the call. The ball hit the baseline.
Hide the money.
Effect a change.
A justice of the peace will marry Jones and Smith.
She was the center of attention.
"""The ball was kicked by Fred."" would, in active voice, be ""Fred kicked the ball.""."
A crook in the path.
A blade of lint on his suit.
What suit is trumps?
Please communicate this message to all employees.
Air piracy.
He didn't figure her.
The school was founded in 1900.
A coarse grind of coffee.
"Wow, did you see her deck that guy who pinched her?"
This piece won't fit into the puzzle.
Competition was pushing them to the wall.
Don't do it on my account.
Exchange employees between branches of the company.
He represented the craft of brewers.
An inordinate proportion of the book is given over to quotations.
The sailors decided to tack the boat.
Bleed the radiators.
It was off to a good start.
Wind your watch.
"He was a pig and his apartment a pigpen; take-away containers and pizza boxes in a long, moldy stream lined his counter tops."
This is a product of lime and nitric acid.
"When the officers show up, the soldiers have to salute."
My plan is to wait to have sex until i'm married.
The seismograph showed a sharp spike in response to the temblor.
The two proposals conflict!
Squeeze the orange and some juice will come out.
Place a phone call.
The leak gained on the ship's pumps.
The addition of flowers created a pleasing effect.
To hedge a field or garden.
A nest of thieves.
Mediate between the old and the new.
He was responsible for the procurement of materials and supplies.
Mold public opinion.
The report included his interpretation of the forensic evidence.
How could I miss that typo?
Love is a bodily infirmity... which breaks out the deuce knows how or why (Thackeray).
Buddhists believe that suffering is right at the heart of all life.
The biggest upset since David beat Goliath.
Partition a room off.
His rudeness was inexcusable.
The archives provided rich material for a definitive biography.
There swarm bees in the garden.
"The sensitive subject was treated with humour, but in such way that no one was offended."
Solve for x.
Correct the alignment of the front wheels.
"He's trying to intimidate you. If you ignore him, hopefully he'll stop."
A prominent vascularity.
If you gum the tape it is stronger.
The horse won by a neck.
The chemistry of soil.
A sewer of fine gowns.
Lash the horse.
He climbed the steep slope.
These people still follow the laws of their ancient religion.
He noted her extreme tenderness when he touched the bruise on her thigh.
"After ten years apart, the band will reunite."
Academic protocol.
A person of importance.
The Democrats still have some cards to play before they will concede the electoral victory.
We should discourage this practice among our youth.
The city woke under a thick blanket of fog.
Process hair.
What was the date of submission of your proposal?
July is my favourite month.
He wanted a better sex life.
He felt as if he had been hit with a club.
Resume a title.
He is out on bail.
Pump the gas pedal.
Restore the emperor to the throne.
He bought it on approval.
They borrowed a page from the playbook of the opposition.
Irritate the glands of a leaf.
This mushrooms can poison.
You need to learn to be more tolerant of difference.
We hit Detroit at one in the morning but kept driving through the night.
Let's recapitulate the main ideas.
In bridge you must follow suit.
Capture the essence of Spring.
A cry to arms.
A catcher needs a lot of protective equipment.
The Dutch would sometimes inundate the land to hinder the Spanish army.
A person of unflagging conscience.
Ply an axe.
To lay a body in the grave.
A lobster mold.
He vented her frustration when he got home.
Stun fish.
From the bow she stared at the mesmerising onrush of the sea where it split and foamed.
Do you appreciate the full meaning of this letter?
The clatter of iron wheels on cobblestones.
Style the dress.
His responsibilities were a constant strain.
She is wearing a lot of makeup.
Place a bet.
The bonds were transmitted by carrier.
An emery wheel is the modern variation of a grindstone.
A public image is as fragile as Humpty Dumpty.
Pluck the flowers off the bush.
Marshal the troops.
Run amok.
I could perceive the ship coming over the horizon.
Run a subject.
Lora buttered the toast with unsalted butter.
Client complaints create a felt need for the defensibility of individual actions.
To line a copy book.
We received a notice to vacate the premises.
Sensitivity to pain.
A heavy chap who must have weighed more than twenty stone.
A schoolgirl fantasy.
The pedal of a loom.
Can you read Greek?
"At this point, she seized the occasion to make her own observation."
A windshield with good visibility.
I represent the silent majority.
"After putting oil on the side of the salad, the chef should drip a little vinegar in the oil."
'least famous' is the superlative degree of the adjective 'famous'.
Check the spelling of this word.
He is preparing for the 100-yard dash.
"Every integer is a real number, but not vice versa."
You may need that at a later date.
Children acquire language at an amazing rate.
She put down her knitting and went to answer the phone.
I would not call her beautiful.
All he had to show for four years of attendance at college was a framed piece of paper.
About the magnitude of a small pea.
The passing of winter.
I managed his campaign for governor.
Would you like to go sailing on my uncle's yacht?
The full extent of the law.
She has felt pressure lately because her boss expects her to get the job done by the first.
"To repair a house, a road, a shoe, or a ship."
He enjoyed the laughter of the crowd.
He could not control the sinking of his legs.
He opened the door and was greeted by a cloud of bats.
Can you clean the windows today?
Park the children with the in-laws.
What's the matter?
The rescue team managed to suppress the flow of oil by blasting the drilling hole.
The wounded lay on stretchers waiting for surgery.
Foul the water.
It was too late for the morning edition.
Look at the ice on that dame!
A good way of exercising is to constitutionalize.
Do you care to try this dish?
I know Latin.
I warn you against false assumptions.
The signage in the airport is designed to point the way clearly to important locations.
He wanted to try his hand at singing.
A second coat of paint.
The lead was in the dummy.
He played only draw and stud.
He has virtually no understanding of social cause and effect.
The group needs to refocus its goals.
"Render a verdict (i.e., deliver a judgment)."
Fumble a grounder.
His operas synthesize music and drama in perfect harmony.
Level the ground.
The processing of ore to obtain minerals.
You had better pack your swollen ankle with ice.
The wrestler's charge carried him past his adversary.
She did not understand her husband.
Feed carrots into a food processor.
A tad too expensive.
Graduate a cylinder.
Lock the bike to the fence.
File one's fingernails.
Extend a hand.
Global warming denier (see: Wikipedia: Global warming denial).
It was a very sensitive topic.
He's been an account holder with us since 2004.
To blur a photograph by moving the camera while taking it.
The whales calve at this time of year.
He knocked lightly on the closed door of the study.
He can do it from memory.
The poets constellate in this town every summer.
We don't segregate in this county.
"In the first year of school, pupils are taught to recite the alphabet."
A date which will live in infamy -- Franklin D. Roosevelt in response to the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbour.
"He turned around in despair, aware that he was not going to survive."
Trying to drive through a blizzard is the height of folly.
Every right implies a responsibility.
The triumph of knowledge.
To tread land when too light.
Scrap the old airplane and sell the parts.
Can you express this distance in kilometers?
Press your thumb on this spot.
Crystallize minerals.
The efficiency of the planning department is deplorable.
A second degree burn.
"The old hermit, up in the mountains, took a vow of silence."
Refer a bill to a committee.
Women in Afghanistan veil their faces.
The release of iodine from the thyroid gland.
He worked both sides of the street.
The glory of the sunrise.
A member in good standing.
He was cut down on a close play at third.
This plants radiate spines in all directions.
The results of the election will be announced tonight.
"Fix breakfast for the guests, please."
A revival of a neglected play by Moliere.
He lost the mate to his shoe.
The rise and fall of the tides.
"Don't come too close, I've got this nasty complaint."
On a friendly footing.
Conduct an orchestra.
The singer held the note too long.
These anti-depressants potentiate the analgesic action of opiates.
Can he reach?
The radical character of our demands.
He believes that narcolepsy is attributable to an inability to suppress REM sleep during waking.
I fear the winters in Moscow.
Where do you bank in this town?
A man of principle.
Pleistocene vegetation.
To bandy words (with somebody).
The old man hates to socialize.
He deplored the population of colonies with convicted criminals.
The fall broke his back.
The models show by analogy how matter is built up.
There are both gays and heteros in this nightclub.
All of human history.
Belt your trousers.
To carry the war from Greece into Asia.
Cancel cheques or tickets.
"The expresses skipped my station, so I had to take a local."
Corner the gold market.
A patch of bad weather.
"After we leave the quarry, we intend to afforest the land and turn it into a nature reserve."
A British term for 'quarry' is 'stone pit'.
On the lecture circuit.
He stepped on the gas.
The still-life has been a popular genre in painting since the 17th century.
What manner of man are you?
"Human hands have five fingers: the thumb, the forefinger (or index finger), the middle finger, the ring finger and the little finger."
To reach one a book.
"If you put the brakes on too hard, the wheels will lock."
It took time to get into the swing of things.
Divaricate one's fingers.
Analyze a sonnet by Shakespeare.
The Masterworks concert series.
The blaze spread rapidly.
I'll ping my accountant -- April 15 is nearing.
The boss gave me a raise.
The soft underbelly of the Axis -- Winston Churchill.
"She's in no state to go home by herself, so make sure she doesn't drink anything else, and she'll soon sober up."
The air here does not circulate.
Bandage an incision.
Give him a clip round the ear!
I wasted a year of my life working on an abort.
This should expedite the process.
The bucket filled with rain.
I had to bone up on my Latin verbs before the final exam.
A spark of interest.
Summon a lawyer.
Cybernate a factory.
He was a god among men.
Issue a new uniform to the children.
I'd recommend backing up these files to storage before reinstalling the operating system.
Litmus paper turns red on contact with an acid.
Pour water over the floor.
"Curl my hair, please."
Jewish theology.
So many head of cattle.
Indicate that you are willing to receive marketing material by putting a tick in the box.
The tires showed uneven wear.
The Israeli web site was damaged by hostile hackers.
The first batter hit the ball into the corner for a double.
Size gives body to a fabric.
Appalled by the totality of the destruction.
A man of energy and commitment.
What was responsible for the disappearance of the rainforest?
The march of time.
You can stay with me while you are in town.
Thunderbolts can stampede animals.
The crash intruded on his awareness.
I filled the bottle up to the 500ml mark.
The track record shows that he will be a good president.
Roast the turkey.
Ask the janitor to come and change the lightbulb.
Refrigeration delayed the softening of the fruit.
There's a hot kettle of soup on the stove.
To tune a piano or a violin.
He was about to mingle in an unpleasant affair.
The scientist must stop to observe and start to excogitate.
We need more volunteers for the netball team.
We enjoyed our round of the local bars.
He needed silence in order to sleep.
They used the elephants to help put up the circus.
There was no bar against leaving.
"If there are any rabbits in this park, they keep carefully out of our view."
The skirt had a wide flare.
A spot of bother.
One of the planet's moons has a slower spin than the others.
His version of the fight was different from mine.
She was the mother of many offspring.
He objected to the allowance of smoking in the dining room.
Bare your breasts.
My youngest child is forty-three.
She was a blonde bombshell.
They had to wait a generation for that prejudice to fade.
The child drew glass beads on a string.
The population of New Jersey will not stand for this!
The tree would not produce fruit.
Boil this liquid until it evaporates.
He was numb with shock.
I have only begun to glimpse the magnitude of the problem.
He has a lot of interest in vintage cars.
She collected old glass.
Experimental psychologists measure the elapsed time from the onset of the stimulus to its recognition by the observer.
Let us toast the birthday girl!
He bought some reading material at the airport.
The penetration of upper management by women.
All parties agree in the expediency of the law.
The man let out an outburst of invective.
Husbands usually predecease their wives.
The mysterious affinity between them.
We must exploit the resources we are given wisely.
Morale is an important quality in soldiers. With good morale they'll charge into a hail of bullets; without it they won't even cross a street.
He's always gotten a long leash.
Mark homework.
They proposed a new direction for the firm.
The eagle is a symbol of the United States.
He built himself a cabin in a hollow high up in the Appalachians.
All nations fly their flags in front of the U.N.
All manner of persons participate.
Too much desire can seriously affect one's judgment.
She found an old issue of the magazine in her dentist's waiting room.
Declare dividends.
Vamp up an excuse for not attending the meeting.
He showed no consideration for her feelings.
"In Islam, salvation is achieved by praying in the mosque to Allah and following the sunnah of Muhammad."
The determination of molecular structures.
Self-confidence is not an endearing property.
His eyes were watering.
"I establish the colors and principal values by organizing the painting into three values -- dark, medium ... and light -- Joe Hing Lowe."
He sensed the presence of danger.
He had a vision of his own death.
Sugar rimmed the dessert plate.
We let our guard down.
They will cut round stock to 1-inch diameter.
The Confederate army was a vast grey.
She had rings on every finger.
This problem is a real bitch.
Zuckerman fiddled that song very nicely.
They installed a second hatch as an escape.
All the jars and jolts were smoothed out by the shock absorbers.
The cream of a collection of books or pictures.
They offer more than one hundred channels.
The patient appeared to be in distress.
He threw a fit when his car broke down.
They were able to send their kids to college.
Both ends wrote at the same time.
The publishers brought out small format pocketbooks of the whole of their nature series.
She took a pull on her cigarette.
Grind a lens.
They brought the water to a boil.
A first stringer.
The lady is receiving Sunday morning.
They played two sets of tennis after dinner.
Would male strippers be appropriate for the divorce shower?
We simply could not start the engine.
The hearth was black with the charcoal of many fires.
To celebrate a birthday.
"I blew the balloon up too much, and it burst."
He was employed to see that his paper's news pitches were not trespassed upon by rival vendors.
She sighed when the plane's wheels finally touched earth.
Close a wound.
The smoke and heat cures the meat.
She deposits her paycheck every month.
The treasure is 2 minutes and 45 seconds south of here.
The enzyme ligated.
They chose exile rather than assimilation.
Profound religious impulses.
A three tier wedding cake.
The nose of the rocket heated up on reentry.
Smoking is permitted.
Channel information towards a broad audience.
The seals were basking in the sun.
The absorption of photons by atoms or molecules.
The chef tasted the sauce with great satisfaction.
Diphthongs are complexions of vowels.
A terrible power had her in its grasp.
The necessary funds were obtained by the government's appropriation of the company's operating unit.
It set the stage for peaceful negotiations.
Coffee and tea stimulate me.
Wooden garden furniture must be well oiled as it is continuously exposed to weather.
Pick mushrooms.
The policy found little public support.
A gang of wires.
Cynthia drank the wine.
The runner felt her pulse.
The patient must be anesthetized before the operation.
The chemists could not nail the identity of the chromosome.
The soft susurrus and sighs of the branches. -- Longfellow.
He would stoop to any device to win a point.
He ordered the planting of policemen outside every doorway.
His compulsive organization was not an endearing quality.
What kinds of desserts are there?
Chip a tooth.
We set up the sprinkler.
To fall out of favor.
Most of these complaints are settled before they go to trial.
The vagina is elastic enough to allow the passage of a fetus.
The person who posted an inflammatory message got flamed.
The British call a railroad tie a sleeper.
Shackleton's men overwintered on Elephant Island.
She rendered the French poem into English.
My car bumped into the tree.
The focus of infection.
The total impulse from the impact will depend on the kinetic energy of the bullet.
An Alzheimer patient's in here may in his mind be anywhere he called home in the time he presently re-lives.
He reined in his horses in front of the post office.
Rekindle hopes.
A little deliberation would have deterred them.
The water formed little beads.
She frosts her hair.
My proposal met with much opposition.
A great sickness of his judgment.
Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry.
The list includes the names of many famous writers.
Top trees and bushes.
I don't mind your behavior.
Those rights and obligations are based on an unstated consensus.
The road curved sharply.
Those children are a damn plague.
He was tingling with pleasure.
Let down the hem.
Lightning produced an unusual union of the metals.
He has such a foul disposition.
The contours of the melody.
When the test was stolen the professor had to make a new set of questions.
'The ball was thrown' is an abbreviated passive.
The engaged couple.
Haul stones from the quarry in a truck.
The second movement is slow and melodic.
I am in your debt.
Her presence instilled faith into the children.
See that the curtains are closed.
Color has been a sensitive issue in many societies.
Needs continued support by constituents to be re-elected.
We shared the cake.
We joined the audience just as the lights went down.
"Smoking is a vice, not a virtue."
To conduct the affairs of a kingdom.
Roominess in this size car is always a compromise.
To stem a tide.
Raise an army.
They were raising money to build a new center for research.
He had a queasy feeling.
They gathered a harvest of examples.
She needed the pickup that coffee always gave her.
This farm covers some 200 acres.
Endorse a new project.
She aged gracefully.
The efflux of matter from a boil can be painful.
"To be at the top of one's class, or at the top of the school."
To foot (or foot up) an account.
We replayed the game.
The purpose of the voyage was discovery.
Four plus three equals seven.
He cradled the infant in his arms.
He refused to allow squeamishness to deter him from his duty.
The painter put a splash of blue on the wall to make it more colorful.
The boy is a younger edition of his father.
There were puddles of muddy water in the road after the rain.
His charm soon won him affection and popularity.
"After we oxygenated the river, the fish returned."
"Every year, hundreds of people jump off the Golden Gate bridge."
Underlay the plate.
Shade your eyes when you step out into the bright sunlight.
He drives me mad.
The correction of his vision with eye glasses.
He kept a careful record of his expenses at the meeting.
A singer takes good care of his voice.
Deer are populating the woods.
Forgetting our anniversary was a major fuckup.
She smeared her lips with lipstick.
The doctor's writing was illegible.
The town still puts forward pretensions as a famous resort.
Farm staters.
The study could not confirm the real percentage of drug takers in the country.
A carpet of flowers.
This style of shoe is in demand.
His association of his father with being beaten was too strong to break.
He was a devotee of Arnold Schwarzenegger.
He resented my failure to return his call.
To share a shelter with another.
He put a ceiling on the number of women who worked for him.
Men associate the roughness of nonstandard working-class speech with masculinity.
At the height of her career.
His conversion to the Catholic faith.
How much of the story is fact and how much fiction is hard to tell.
Cast a spell.
This adds a light note to the program.
"The toilet was emitting a pungent, foul aroma."
The bicycle looped around the tree.
The treatment of water sewage.
She supported him during the illness.
Tourism was their economic salvation.
He gave notice two months before he moved.
Reporters dug into the candidate's past.
She recognized his handwriting.
She railed against the bad social policies.
During the construction we had to take a detour.
She was his first love.
Did you register any change when I pressed the button?
The hour is getting late.
She was penetrated with sorrow.
An opium den.
Will you join us at six o'clock for martinis?
The winter schedule differed from the spring schedule.
The burglar tied up the victim with a cord.
Trussed bridges.
She was wearing blue.
The point of the arrow was due north.
Enjoy privileges.
His movie received a good review.
A batch of letters.
The widget making machine is being used for production now.
Their appeal was denied in the superior court.
"It was full of rackets, balls and other objects."
The put the car in park and got out.
God has no need of men to accomplish His work.
Chop meat.
There was a question about my training.
Simmering water.
The road narrowed.
Administer an exam.
Death put a period to his endeavors.
Each of the pigeon fanciers released a homer at the same time.
His heart palpitated.
He made a moon lamp that he used as a night light.
Procedural inexperience created difficulties.
You were not supposed to show your navel on television.
We offer seafood as the first course.
She stopped walking for a moment to retie her shoe.
It matters that they left.
You don't know the half of it.
Close up an umbrella.
A slave to cocaine.
He remounted his horse.
A towel holder.
I'll post the news on the bulletin board.
A smoldering fire.
The CIA unearthed a plot to kill the President.
The mother was awarded custody of the children.
He expected his contribution to be repaid with interest.
He made a thorough scan of the beach with his binoculars.
The exposure of his anger was shocking.
"Though legally single nations, many states comprise several distinct cultural or ethnic groups."
Went shopping for a reliable plumber.
The last Taleban fighters finally surrendered.
"Common male fetishes are breasts, legs, hair, shoes, and underwear."
That style is in favor this season.
Don't overreact to the bad news -- take it easy.
"If it's not warm in the middle, zap it some more."
"A portion of your mortgage payment goes to reduce the principal, and the rest covers interest."
His honour is at stake.
Suggestion often works better than explicit demand.
They used umbrellas as shades.
They had a large carriage house.
The word 'element' contains five different types of character.
Plant a thought in the students' minds.
It's a yogi trick of some sort.
I've brought a selection of fine cheeses to go with your wine.
He walked with a heavy inclination to the right.
Moderate your speed.
Make sure the gear is engaged.
A slice of bread.
The arrangement of the furniture.
I'm popping out for a gasp.
She guessed the identity of his lover.
Two days later they left.
She was a statuesque redheaded eyeful.
She sat on the jury.
Marc went to the park with his girlfriend and watched the sunset with her.
Sails torn to ribbons.
"As they accelerated onto the motorway, the wind tore the plywood off the car's roof-rack."
Just a splash of whiskey.
It was a sign from God.
He used his knife as a spreader.
The movie seized my imagination.
Close the lid tightly to get a good seal.
Paw prints were everywhere.
The moon is waxing.
She was intended to become the director.
Reserve me a seat on a flight.
The constant sound of dripping irritated him.
He stooped to tie his shoe-laces.
The search warrant permitted the seizure of evidence.
The general had had a distinguished career.
"This house has a swimming pool, a tent, a swing set and a fountain in the garden."
There was a ship in the offing.
The third baseman made some remarkable stops.
The airlift provided a lifeline for Berlin.
He hit her hard in the face.
The lawyer counselled his client to remain silent.
I adjoin a copy of your my lawyer's letter.
Automation replaces human workers by machines.
Some crossword setters work for various newspapers under different pseudonyms.
She is a linguistics major.
It was John's fault.
At that juncture he had no idea what to do.
He handed them the letter.
The cow accepted the bull.
There would be men guarding the horses.
He always greeted me with a new zinger.
A cold snap in the middle of May.
These stories shook the community.
They buried the stolen goods.
An air umbrella over England.
Did you catch that allusion?
The army tried to prevent disorder when claims the elections had been rigged grew stronger.
She managed her parents' affairs after they got too old.
Sorrow was mapped on the mother's face.
Irony is wasted on the stupid.
Organize a strike.
Wade the pond.
They tested his hearing with pure tones of different frequencies.
She kicked him in the balls and got away.
The data packets are shuffled before transmission.
The board opposed his motion.
Let's demystify the event by explaining what it is all about.
A checkerboard has 64 squares.
"The probability is 1 in 1,000,000,000,000,000 -- a number having five ciphers of zeros."
A person can have several residences.
She administers the funds.
She committed herself to the work of God.
The sports car passed all the trucks.
The board of trustees divested $20 million in real estate property.
When they saw how things were going everybody jumped on the bandwagon.
Scram!
He has distant relations back in New Jersey.
"Growth was dampened by a softening of the global economy in 2001, but picked up in the subsequent years due to strong growth in China."
The contributions provided some relief for the victims.
An acid trip.
I start at eight in the morning.
He always took some reading matter with him on the plane.
They condemned him without a hearing.
There was additional involvement of the liver and spleen.
That bank holds the mortgage on my home.
"After the earthquake, residents were evacuated."
Retroversion of the uterus.
An appeal to the public to keep calm.
That's a slanderous charge of abuse of trust.
The stars gravitate towards each other.
The harmonic series has been much studied.
He broke the men's 100-meter record.
I heard a sound from outside the window.
I got beaten up by thugs on my way home.
A stretch of clear water.
They heard a live rendition of three pieces by Schubert.
A star athlete can make a lot of money from endorsements.
The pilot had to bank the aircraft.
He gained access to the building.
The mafia liquidated the informer.
Mineral rights.
"This whole remodeling was an afterthought, we were only going to paint and call it good."
She is a chronic asthmatic.
Too often the narrative was interrupted by long word pictures.
She trod with care as the ground was slippery.
"This final payment, or credit, balances the account."
He assumed to himself the right to fill all positions in the town.
Truncate a word.
I walk the dog every morning.
It has become less common to say grace before having dinner.
The road bends to the right.
"The Grand Canyon is a rift in the Earth's surface, but is smaller than some of the undersea ones."
Can you shrink this image?
Prime a cannon.
He caught a virus and had to stay home from school.
The enemy exploded the bridge.
He named his demands.
The Gypsies chiromanced.
Bankers are reluctant to lend without good security.
Rag ore.
The gun fired.
His organization of the work force was very efficient.
The trains crossed.
When he returned to work he met many new faces.
He taught me to set up the men on the chess board.
The wings of the birds clapped loudly.
To bring a thing into comparison with another.
"He is an intellectual giant, and I have great respect for him."
I extracted a promise from the Dean for two new positions.
You have twenty minutes to complete the test.
The preferment went to the younger candidate.
Consolidate one's gains.
"Within the navel of this hideous wood, / Immured in cypress shades, a sorcerer dwells. -- Milton."
The restructure resulted in the creation of a number of shared services.
Unrest erupted in the country.
The outcome of the vote was an embarrassment for the liberals.
He walked on crutches for a month until the cast was removed from his leg.
The electromagnetic field does not drop all of the way to zero before a reversal.
I unlocked the door and walked in.
Put the ironing in the linen press.
Andrew Jackson expanded the power of the presidency beyond what was customary before his time.
The young man wantoned away his inheritance.
Loosen the soil.
The bad review of his work deflated his self-confidence.
He conditions old cars.
The river was shored by trees.
The gust of air whiffed away the clouds.
My husband cheated on me with his secretary.
The industry enjoyed a boom.
All my efforts led to naught.
"Ye shall not offer unto the Lord that which is bruised, crushed, broken or cut. -- Lev. xxii."
He voided the check and returned it.
In England they call mail 'the post'.
Tiffany has long hair and bangs.
"Lard was also used, though its congener, butter, was more frequently employed."
Her painful memories seemingly erased completely.
"Confidence is always borrowed, never owned."
You should slow down when approaching a curve.
Pitch the tent over there.
When he shouted 'fire' there was a stampede to the exits.
The hydroelectric plant needs to generate more electricity.
The enemy machine guns raked the roadway.
He skipped a row in the text and so the sentence was incomprehensible.
He discovered a backup in the toilet.
Our ukuleles have been designed to have superior sound and projection.
By the logic of war.
Give one's talents to a good cause.
The TV program has a new time slot.
Model the latest fashion.
It was the usual 'boy gets girl' theme.
Twist the strips of dough.
I had no shallots so I substituted onion.
Do nothing.
"As a witness to the event, I can tell you that he really said that."
Flex a muscle.
The rules relaxed after the new director arrived.
These groups concentrate in the inner cities.
He used a scoop to serve the ice cream.
Sheila groomed the horse.
He's always stuffing his face with chips.
He hacked his way through the forest.
The unlawful restraint of trade.
"First, categorize incoming messages according to the needed actions."
The new Prime Minister reshuffled his cabinet.
I kneaded the dough into a loaf.
"To my surprise, the ticker showed that the deal had already gone through."
He held several valuable securities.
He has old-fashioned values.
We compassed the earth.
They protested that the nonproliferation treaty was just a plot to maintain the hegemony of those who already had nuclear weapons.
"To get a job in today's economy, it is important to have a strong network."
You can't tell the players without a program.
The dealer valued the book.
"The oil slick has now spread to cover the entire bay, critically endangering the sea life."
"When telling the scary story, he paused for effect."
"Treat him with caution, please."
Air travel involves too much waiting in airports.
They established a cap for prices.
This wall has four header courses.
He plucked the strings of his mandolin.
He put the stress on the wrong syllable.
She unclothed her innermost feelings.
Cure hay.
The witnesses demanded police protection.
They built small mounds to hide behind.
She provided a redefinition of his duties.
The march went up Fifth Avenue.
He accepted service of the subpoena.
His main pastime is gambling.
They agreed about what should be done.
"After taking a cold, rawness of the larynx and trachea come on."
His only recourse was the police.
They were sentenced to a truncation of their limbs.
The troubles in Northern Ireland.
Sneak a cigarette.
This plant can be referred to a known species.
Increased expenses put a squeeze on profits.
This remark evoked sadness.
The police took steps to reduce crime.
The dogs need different amounts of food.
I'm throwing a huge party for my 21st birthday.
The equatorial regions.
In the fall of 1973.
Arrange the books on the shelves in chronological order.
My bangs keep getting in my eyes when I swim.
You have to face the music.
Their muscles stood out in knots.
His policies were a disaster.
It was debated whether saving grace could be obtained outside the membership of the church.
Wrench one's ankle.
"Vendors were selling sunglasses, bagged snacks, and sundry other items from handcarts in the square."
'electricity' is a derivative of 'electric'.
Sound a certain note.
Good or bad land for growing potatoes.
She is amassing a lot of data for her thesis.
We took a quick circuit of the park.
We are lodging three foreign students this semester.
A secret passageway provided communication between the two rooms.
A century and one half.
The President executed the treaty.
He rounded the edges of the box.
The bride's veiled trailed along the ground.
He threw down his gun and fled.
Students were manning the booths.
"John Henry said to the captain, ""A man ain't nothing but a man.""."
The lion is the symbol of courage.
The winning horse was first into the unsaddling enclosure.
Exercise had given his muscles superior definition.
He claimed that the evidence against him was a plant.
His drive and energy exhausted his co-workers.
Whatever my fortune may be.
The same family has been editing the influential newspaper for almost 100 years.
Crumb a cutlet.
He initiated deceleration by braking.
The increase in unemployment.
He relaxed in the hot tub.
A heated hydraulic press was required for adhesion.
He put the key in the old clock and gave it a good wind.
They had a high estimation of his ability.
The newness and flux of the computer industry.
The residents of this village adhered to Catholicism.
The cut of her clothes and the richness of the fabric were distinctive.
The heating system wasn't working.
Whang the ball.
The plant is working at 80 per cent capacity.
"When there is very heavy rainfall on California hillsides over a prolonged period, there is almost always ensuing surface runoff."
Socrates was accused of corrupting young men.
Their ideas concorded.
This paper resembles my own work.
The mixer returned to the plant for another fill.
He took pride in his work.
Chuck these old notes.
The atomic reactor used a gas coolant.
Slime molds are sometimes erroneously said to have thirteen sexes.
Express trains don't stop at Princeton Junction.
He took aim and fired.
"In the western world, women usually have long hair while men usually have short hair."
His father gave him a toehold in the oil business.
The conveyor carried the pigs from the smelter to the freight cars.
Waste a joke on an unappreciative audience.
The turnout for the rally.
Inhale deeply.
Stir the soil.
He used a yellow highlighter to indicate where to give emphasis in his speech.
We drained the oil tank.
He estimated what would be likely.
His shtik made us laugh.
She failed in her goal to become captain of the team.
The balloons deflated.
My sister married a musician.
There is seating for 40 students in this classroom.
The beautiful sound of music.
Fastidious about his dress.
Drawn up in battle array.
"If you probe further, you may discover different reasons."
He sold his house in January.
It is a refreshing change to meet a woman mechanic.
He applied this racial slur to me!
The sculptor modelled the clay into the form of a dolphin.
Expose your students to art.
He has played every position except pitcher.
The sawmill sells lumber to carpenters and sawdust to gardeners.
The sergeant subjected the new recruits to many drills.
"Gravity is weaker than electromagnetism, but affects all matter and energy."
A lover of his country.
They claimed that they had been in contact with extraterrestrial beings.
This microorganism is a producer of disease.
Some remember better than others.
The long repression of Christian sects.
She loves the outdoors.
He insisted that we give him the last cut before every deal.
A good grip on French history.
The lecture was accompanied by dramatic demonstrations.
The uterine fundus.
She carried herself well.
They explored several Roman ruins.
This Web browser can be controlled with mouse gestures.
How can I disentangle myself from her personal affairs?
He's smoking his pipe.
Requesting new powers of surveillance is just a smokescreen to hide their failures.
He huffed and puffed as he made his way up the mountain.
Bring water to the boiling point.
Keep your nose out of it.
She has to balance work and her domestic duties.
It suddenly spewed out a thick green concoction.
"Potato chip, tortilla chip."
John confronted it with emergency measures.
He always turns first to the business section.
A heat wave.
I disliked him and the feeling was mutual.
Fix a race.
He told a very funny joke.
To be in one's own element.
The stage pulled into town carrying the payroll for the mill and three ladies.
"Logic compels the wise, while fools feel compelled by emotions."
The book stimulated her imagination.
"Back then, people with psychiatric disorders were sometimes thought to be victims of demonic possession."
My library subscription is about to expire.
She assumed strange manners.
He scored a 200.
She is a Hollywood personality.
It really steams me to see her treat him like that.
The surfaces contact at this point.
Walk with God.
"These two copies are supposed to be identical, but they don't match."
The function of an auger is to bore holes.
The general always gets credit for his army's victory.
She blushed in his presence.
Blood carries oxygen and nutrients to the tissues and carries away waste products.
Did his face say anything about how he felt?
He was rusticated for his bad behavior.
They debated the truth of the proposition.
Separatism is a serious problem in Quebec.
Peace came on November 11th.
If looks could kill ...
The new idea sold well in certain circles.
A home for the elderly.
Vengeance is mine.
Taxation is a drag on the economy.
The effect of the hurricane was a devastated landscape.
He overcame his infirmity.
The cancer cells are attacking his liver.
Animal cries filled the night.
The defense made by the prisoner's counsel did rather aggravate than extenuate his crime. -- Addison.
11 divided by 2 is 5 remainder 1.
He deserves his day in court.
The end justifies the means.
Shipment of hazardous waste on this route is strictly prohibited.
Under this contract the deliverables include both software and hardware.
She played nervously with her wedding ring.
The parties negociated all night.
They were bootlegging whiskey.
The massage heated her up.
Speculations about the outcome of the election.
The guy's only doing it for some doll.
The animals were sacrificed after the experiment.
The salmon are first headed and then scaled.
"If you're hungry, there's a takeaway just around the corner."
I attest this signature.
He viewed the painting and praised the artist for his masterpiece.
There was a light at every corner.
Dean of the diplomatic corps-a country's most senior ambassador.
In America the fertility rate of recent immigrants tends to be higher than that of native population.
"Wash the towels, please!"
The crack of a whip.
The boss fired his secretary today.
The patient has trouble inspiring.
A community is infinitely more brutalised by the habitual employment of punishment than it is by the occasional occurrence of crime (Oscar Wilde).
There were few crumbs of comfort in the report.
The wall followed the road.
A consolidation of two corporations.
I snagged my stocking.
The spring of a bow.
His lectures dispelled the darkness.
The skilled trades were the first to organize modern labor unions.
The car backed up and hit the tree.
Gentrify a row of old houses.
He entertained the notion of moving to South America.
How can the danger be averted?
Many parents become embarrassed by their children throwing tantrums in public places.
The hostess provided lunch for all the guests.
"Hi, how are you?"
Occasionally rivers overflow their banks and cause floods.
The huge desert voids.
The raffle is just a matter of luck.
The pitcher now has two walks in this inning alone.
Her pain completely mastered her.
He approached the age of manhood.
The number of emergency patients has grown rapidly.
I prize these old photographs.
Bio-materials may be substituted for petrochemical feedstocks as petroleum prices rise.
She lightened the load on the tired donkey.
The liquor store on the corner also sold lottery tickets.
Put your things here.
She always held herself as a lady.
They threw off the yoke of domination.
She wondered whether it would snow tonight.
"In France, a presidency lasts for five years."
She alone sustained her family.
The true nature of jealousy.
His parents' subsequent marriage resulted in his legitimation.
The cast was praised for a fine performance.
Tighten the wire.
She scored high on the SAT.
She always digresses when telling a story.
Brian wiped at the counter.
"I explained it, but it is pure conjecture whether he understood, or not."
Showed his true dignity when under pressure.
I can't account for the missing money.
I can not judge some works of modern art.
He comes from good origins.
The laws of thermodynamics.
Can this image be resolved?
The mountain climbers had to fend against the ice and snow.
Coffee production last year broke all previous records.
Altruistic instincts in social animals.
She is always stepping on others to get ahead.
Could you elaborate on the plot for your novel for me?
He is working his servants hard.
A seemingly endless round of social functions.
The program lasted more than two hours.
Stone is abundant in New England and there are many quarries.
She drew water from the barrel.
Carnegie had a lake excavated for Princeton University's rowing team.
Their answer was to sue me.
He has a passion for cock fighting.
He made the contribution out of his own purse.
He made it the law of the land.
There is no evidence that anyone was here earlier.
"Act seven, scene three, take two."
It was already in the making.
"No mate, I am taking the tube!"
This oven bakes potatoes.
He resigned the crown to follow his heart.
They put screens in the windows for protection against insects.
Did you listen to the news tonight?
A growing enterprise must have a bold leader.
The home counties are the Conservative heartland.
A water molecule is made up of two hydrogen atoms plus one of oxygen.
Drive a car.
"Pop music, despite its commercial focus, includes many artistic gems."
A bit of rock caught him in the eye.
Out of kilter.
The running of the engine is smooth.
They rigged the bomb to the ignition.
It is his nature to help others.
"If you have deer in the area, you may have to put a fence around your garden to keep the rascals out."
I hope this accident taught you a lesson!
A new word processor was introduced.
A strapping youth poised on the brink of manhood.
The rooms were very small but they had a nice view.
The architect has a theory that more is less.
They received messages from several centers.
He blew a lot of money on his new home theater.
He removed his children to the countryside.
Birds are capable of flight.
They had just moved in and had not put up blinds yet.
Primary colors can add interest to a room.
He squared his shoulders.
The payment consists in food.
The oat stalks made good straw.
Look at my new car!
The trees obstruct my view of the mountains.
After the takeover there was a thorough reorganization.
What he did was a terrible dereliction of duty.
Ann gossiped about me and mocked my work; sometimes she can be a real bitch!
"When you quiet, we can start talking."
Eligibility of a candidate for office.
We are told that man is endowed with reason and capable of distinguishing good from evil.
Address your remarks to the chairperson.
The president applied a chokehold to labor disputes that inconvenienced the public.
The polished surface twinned his face and chest in reverse.
Someone sedated with scopolamine has difficulty lying.
It aroused the tiger in me.
Bush wants to rerun in 1996.
An inspired performance of Mozart's C minor concerto.
We internationalized the committee.
Eckankar is a new religion but Zoroastrianism is an old religion.
Clear your desk.
Most applications provide extensions for the files they create.
"The violence of the storm, fortunately, was more awesome than destructive."
She elaborated on the main ideas in her dissertation.
We made a trip to the beach.
Claimants of unemployment compensation.
Make no mistake about his intentions.
The conception of grace developed alongside the conception of sin.
The child leapt across the puddle.
A lot of money.
I patented my idea.
Wrinkles crisscrossed her face.
"Family takes precedence over work, in an emergency."
The dam retains the water.
The oil boom enriched a lot of local people.
The classroom setup was simple and efficient.
Some people prefer camping to staying in hotels.
They rolled their eyes at his words.
Henry was not very good at cookery and most of his meals ended up burned.
He set a row of posts in the ground and strung barbwire between them.
The game lasted two hours.
His manner of expression showed how much he cared.
This form of conflict is essential to Mann's writing.
It's only a step to the drugstore.
There is a no-smoking zone that extends 25 feet outside of each entrance.
Depth of a closet.
Round the bend.
He learned many medical terms.
To mash on a bicycle pedal.
The responsibilities of a man in his station.
The leakiness of the boat made it dangerous to use.
Pointed out the insufficiencies in my report.
A cheap promotions gimmick for greedy businessmen.
He's acting strangely -- I think there's something wrong with him.
Bake a cake.
File a complaint.
They gave him more eclat than he really deserved.
She and her husband are having problems.
She loved the freshness of newly baked bread.
We fenced in our yard.
"As an actor, he was a complete washout, so he went back to accounting."
The kindlings of love.
He revealed the children found.
"The path of a meteor, of a caravan, or of a storm."
We rented our apartment to friends while we were abroad.
He has the hiccups -- give him a glass of water.
"If you take my advice, you'll file suit against him immediately."
Grab power.
The last issue of penicillin was over a month ago.
The marginalization of literature.
The climax of the artist's career.
There is little foundation for his objections.
"The Congress promptly overrode the president's veto, passing the bill into law."
He misses his mother.
She reacts negatively to everything I say.
He complied with my instructions.
The approach of winter.
She devoured his novels.
I think it is overstating matters to say that an hour online is spending all night on the computer.
Don't behave like a fool.
This kind of accident comes when you are careless.
The street was lined with all-night bars.
The army made a push toward the sea.
Harvest the grapes.
Retirement meant dropping out of a whole network of people who had been part of my life.
Baste a hem.
A thin pillar of smoke betrayed their campsite.
I've got a house in the country.
To blow a horse.
This story would be good cinema.
A spray of bullets.
There is a 30% chance of rain tomorrow.
A manifestation of great emotion.
The Senator steamrollered the bill to defeat.
The head of security was a former policeman.
They served beer on draft.
Cast a ballot.
"Whenever Sally drinks her favorite beer, Coors' brand image floods her senses with scenes of being on a hot beach drinking something refreshing."
The error in the calculation was attributable to rounding.
The poor are always with us.
A sad expression.
The unemployed are a growing portion of the population.
He said the space is the most important character in the alphabet.
The offenders deserved the harsh discipline they received.
"In that event, the first possibility is excluded."
The snake was defanged.
Wheat is a grain that is grown in Kansas.
He is keeping three women in the guest cottage.
"Dan won't be able to come to the party, since he broke his leg last week and is now on crutches."
She acknowledged his complement with a smile.
The cooling lava continued to gutter toward lower ground.
See whether it works.
Laws in existence for centuries.
I nicked myself while I was shaving.
The answers were in the back of the book.
"She placed the workpiece on the bench, inspected it closely, and opened the cover."
The stage crackled with electricity whenever she was on it.
He delayed the watering.
Can the seamstress sew me a suit by next week?
Clean up before you see your grandparents.
She threw the blanket around the child.
My seven-year-old son always digs a hole in the middle of his mashed potatoes and fills it with gravy before he starts to eat them.
The boys took a few tokes on a joint.
"Somehow, she squashed all her books into her backpack, which was now too heavy to carry."
The thief's identification was followed quickly by his arrest.
The cradle of liberty.
Trim a shop window.
Season the chicken breast after roasting it.
The vet checked to see what kind of shape the animal was in.
The people deified their King.
Their anger died.
"Zero, one, -1, 2.5, and pi are all numbers."
They formed a company.
I heard you don't get carded at the other liquor store.
Because the wool is poor quality it will coarsen the fabric.
The sun mellowed the fruit.
The rebels had planned turmoil and confusion.
Convert centimeters into inches.
Ingenuity is one of the characteristics of a beaver.
It's freezing in here!
Sketch the outline of the book.
A war scare.
Let's give one last push on our advertising campaign.
You are glorifying a rather mediocre building.
The influence of mechanical action.
The market for software is expected to expand.
She has a way of teasing men with her flirtatious behavior.
He was unable to make his motion because he couldn't get recognition by the chairman.
They rowed the canals of Venice.
An artists' colony.
The liquid in this can lubricates well.
The lawyers submitted the material to the court.
Spiders spin a fine web.
Aspirin is an alleviator of headaches.
Some biologists doubt that there are important genetic differences between races of human beings.
"Organic chemistry primarily consists of the study of carbon bonds, in their many variations."
He gave the crank a spin.
There were at least 200 people in the audience.
They revamped their old house before selling it.
Deductible losses on sales or exchanges of property are allowable.
Guards must be good blockers.
The Crown Prince was acknowledged as the true heir to the throne.
Things are going well.
My opinion differs from yours.
His claim asked for damages.
There is a long distance between Moscow and Vladivostok.
Old age is not for sissies.
The pyramids demonstrate the ingenuity of the ancient Egyptians.
Viruses depend on the host that they infect in order to be able to reproduce.
He made an emotional investment in the work.
He was tapping his fingers on the table impatiently.
Her screaming attracted the neighbors.
A man of intellectual refinement.
The music ends with a display of bravura.
In the depths of despair.
Cigarettes are taxed at one dollar per stick.
Flip me the beachball.
I can not impose my opinion.
Social forces converged to bring the Fascists back to power.
The ball rolled.
His main reading was detective stories.
He unleashed his dog in the park.
Owls have nocturnal habits.
She heard the distant toll of church bells.
The massacre on St. Bartholomew's Day.
They changed their dietary pattern.
Your fridge reeks of egg.
The Titanic hit an iceberg and sank.
Stretch the limits.
Prepare a report.
Count your change.
I've bought a new disk utility that can recover deleted files.
She detests politicians.
The balance of the agreement remains in effect.
Overhaul the health care system.
The parity of the mother must be considered.
Rule the margins.
The army's only defeat.
The retail company's store in London is their flagship.
Crispness of new dollar bills.
"Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church -- Gospel According to Matthew."
The filibuster was a major obstruction to the success of their plan.
His lids would stay open no longer.
A transmitter pulsed by an electronic tube.
The soup warmed slowly on the stove.
The vast extent of the desert.
She began Russian at an early age.
Yesterday's technology.
'let me show you my etchings' is a rather worn line.
He tried to sing the tenor part.
He didn't get enough sleep last night.
The conductor set the beat.
He awaited the signal to start.
Music is the heartbeat of the people.
I'll mail you the check tomorrow.
"During the Inquisition, the torturers would stretch their victims on a rack."
My interviews with teenagers revealed a weakening of religious bonds.
He sat on the edge of the bed.
She observed that his presentation took up too much time.
Hoist a sail.
This popcorn pops quickly in the microwave oven.
The apothecary cooked the medicinal mixture in a big iron kettle.
He relishes their time together.
Unload the truck.
He was famous for the truth of his portraits.
He occupies the position of manager.
Study nursing.
He brought reproach upon his family.
She is sculpting the block of marble into an image of her husband.
They closed the purchase with a handshake.
The composer experimented with a new style.
A snorter of a sermon.
Being in an agony he prayed more earnestly. -- Luke xxii. 44.
This pill will relieve your headaches.
The course was less than a mile.
Melissa's brain was in overdrive.
They instituted controls over drinking on campus.
Harness the horse.
Progressing in severity as though a cascade of genetic damage was occurring.
The middle school teacher contrasted her best student's work with that of her weakest student.
The faddist magazines have been hyping that lately.
It promises to open new avenues to understanding.
Build a million-dollar business.
The bells traded places.
Have you read this book?
The car was a total loss.
Susan talked with Rachel.
"For him, life is all fun and games."
Newton's writings were gospel for those who followed.
He gave his assent eagerly.
Children need a lot of love.
Fort Worth is a neighbor of Dallas.
Put out a pickup on that man.
The whale lashes the sea with its tail.
Tense the rope manually before tensing the spring.
She buys for the big department store.
He worked on an interim basis.
An explosion of laughter.
"She has $1,000 in the bank."
Her new show dog swept all championships.
They intruded on our dinner party.
It was the dawn of the Roman Empire.
The association announced its endorsement of the policy.
Baptized with a sprinkling of holy water.
The Church reformed me.
'most surely' is the superlative of the adverb 'surely'.
Summer temperatures reached an all-time high.
I've printed out a list of math helps.
The Moon is a natural satellite of the Earth.
Do you want one lump or two with your coffee?
I stalked the woods for game.
It led to a train of disasters.
He was granted immunity from prosecution.
Should we cook a frozen pizza for dinner?
Sweat poured off his brow.
A quest for wealth.
The demand exceeded the supply.
Drinking companions.
The restoration of this medieval church involved undoing all the Victorian modifications.
He pointed to the empty parking space.
She did a little dance.
The ads induced me to buy a VCR.
The final draft of the constitution.
He plied his ax with bloody results.
Steep the fruit in alcohol.
He brandished his sword at the pirates.
Hot blackcurrant juice mixed with honey may suppress cough.
Screen the suitcases.
She made a grand entrance.
He joined the Atlanta chapter.
Work the metal.
He had considerable experience of government.
Work is done against friction to drag a bag along the ground.
A full complement of workers.
This economic measure doesn't even begin to deal with the problem of inflation.
Cultivate your musical taste.
I demand an immediate explanation.
He always wrote down his New Year's resolutions.
Immunity to criticism.
Science has made extraordinary progress in the last fifty years.
Art thou the slave that with thy breath hast kill'd/ Mine innocent child? Shakespeare. Much Ado About Nothing.
Did you solve the problem?
Energy is conserved in this process.
Gutters carried off the rainwater into a series of channels under the street.
The child grew fast.
Hunger and jealousy are just eternal truths of human existence.
Her father questioned the young suitor's sufficiency.
They chipped off bark to mark the trail with blazes.
Some of that content is now only available on the Web.
We moved from our previous position.
Vacate a death sentence.
Corn is bound in small sheaves and several sheaves are set up together in shocks.
Retraction of the foreskin.
They were assigned the leviathan of textbooks.
Meter the mail.
He tacked together some verses.
The sentence was one of transportation for life.
He is out of action.
My snapshots haven't been developed yet.
The rotation of the dancer kept time with the music.
They dug an eight-foot ditch along the side of the road.
The King decreed that all firstborn males should be killed.
Write 0.0 to indicate a floating point number rather than the integer zero.
I rose and dressed before daybreak.
Crime buster.
The U.S. suspected Bin Laden as the mastermind behind the terrorist attacks.
They could read to their heart's content.
A big fish was swimming in the tank.
To ship the tiller or rudder.
Trim lumber.
He put more trust in his own two legs than in the gun.
The firm celebrated twenty years since their establishment by updating their look.
Frequent consultations with his lawyer.
Lime marmalade.
He was their best hope for a victory.
She's fouled her diaper.
They demanded some proof of my sincerity.
Care had aged him.
My lady is positively fulfilled of grace.
The prison sentence was suspended.
"Power tools work quickly, but they sure make a racket."
A pessimism that always negates.
Many summer excursions to the shore.
The buoy bobbed between the crests and troughs of the waves moving across the bay.
The boss demanded that he be fired immediately.
The dealer warrants all the cars he sells.
Among the highest goods of all are happiness and self-realization.
The fire's consumption of the forest caused ecological changes.
I believe I can bring the high degree of focus required for this important job.
The fancy hotel was of the first rank.
The Latin Quarter.
Raise a barn.
Height is a function of age.
"Inwardness is what an Englishman quite simply has, painlessly, as a birthright."
To stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler.
This classroom seats two hundred students.
He snapped his stick in anger.
The established a baseline for the budget.
Muslim women hide their faces.
The best way to effect change is to work with existing stakeholders.
The minister married us on Saturday.
The old car needs constant attention.
'The boy threw the ball' uses the active voice.
She held the baby in the crook of her arm.
Gay young blades bragged of their amorous adventures.
"To deal and shuffle, to divide and sort Her mingled suits and sequences. --."
The disease was mainly communicated via rats and other vermin.
How shoud the international community respond to Somali piracy?
I can't figure if he's telling the truth or lying.
When the school day was done we would walk home together.
This bag contains espresso grind.
Deck the halls with holly.
"I wanted to borrow my little sister's jeans, but they didn't fit."
His back was to the wall.
The paper was rejected on account of its length.
Exchange prisoners.
He learned his craft as an apprentice.
A building of vast proportions.
The boat tacked.
I bled him.
They got an early start.
The river winds through the hills.
The farmer kept a pen with two pigs that he fed from table scraps and field waste.
A product of lime and nitric acid.
A terrible stench saluted our nostrils.
We invited several young marrieds.
The second baseman sharpened his spikes before every game.
This behavior conflicts with our rules.
Digestive juices.
Place emphasis on a certain point.
I have to take a leak.
The addition of five more items to the agenda will make the meeting unbearably long.
Hedge the property.
A nest of snipers.
He mediated a settlement.
I have a lot of experience in the procurement of construction materials and sub-contracts.
The furniture molded in the old house.
The edict was subject to many interpretations.
The workers on the conveyor belt miss one out of ten.
The deuce with it.
The wood at the heart of a tree is the oldest.
Everyone gets stomach upsets from time to time.
The Arab peninsula was partitioned by the British.
The rudeness of the cabin gave it a rustic charm but little comfort.
Coal is a hard black material.
The garden was swarming with bees.
"She has a great sense of humour, and I always laugh a lot whenever we get together."
Solve an equation.
The stock market corrected.
Her boss intimidates her.
Reduced bodyfat brought out the vascularity in his arms.
These trees gum in the Spring.
He admired her long graceful neck.
Their chemistry was wrong from the beginning -- they hated each other.
All that work went down the sewer.
To lash something to a spar.
The slope of a parabola increases linearly with x.
She followed dinner with a brandy.
The best results are generally obtained by inserting the needle into the point of maximum tenderness.
"Two of the members tried several times, but failed to reunite the band."
Safety protocols.
The importance of a well-balanced diet.
He is playing his cards close to his chest.
Don't be discouraged by the amount of work left to do: you'll finish it in good time.
There was a blanket of snow.
Process cheese.
Several of his submissions were rejected by publishers.
He paid the bill last month.
The film contained no sex or violence.
He carried a club in self defense.
Resume one's duties.
"The judge set bail at $10,000."
I've pumped over 1000 gallons of water in the last ten minutes.
To restore harmony among those who are at variance.
"Although she fussed at them, she secretly viewed all her children with approval."
The 1963 playbook leaves out the whole first scene.
Aspirin irritates my stomach.
Her husband poisoned her drink in order to kill her.
There are many differences between jazz and rock.
An interesting idea hit her.
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
A flush is five cards in the same suit.
Capture an idea.
I heard a cry from afar.
A catcher plays behind the plate.
The basement was inundated after the storm.
He has no conscience about his cruelty.
Ply the seven seas.
Lay the books on the table.
A gelatin dessert made in a mold.
She vented her anger.
The news stunned her.
The explosion interrupted the wild onrush of her thoughts.
To test the power of bees to appreciate color.
Clatter of shutters.
Style my hair.
He created a new strain of sheep.
The two teams played a makeup one week later.
He placed the glass on the table.
Refrigerated carriers have revolutionized the grocery business.
Any variation in his routine was immediately reported.
A movie is a series of images projected so rapidly that the eye integrates them.
She plucked the phone from her bag and dialled.
Marshal facts or arguments.
Run riot.
She finally perceived the futility of her protest.
Run a process.
Lora buttered the toast.
They built their castles with an eye to their defensibility.
Trees line the riverbank.
He escaped the notice of the police.
A galvanometer of extreme sensitivity.
She had jewels made of all the rarest stones.
She made a lot of money writing romantic fantasies.
"There are three pedals on manual cars, two on automatics."
The gauge read 'empty'.
On the occasion of his 60th birthday.
That candidate does not have sufficient visibility to win an election.
The flower represents a young girl.
My broken pen dripped ink onto the table.
'fastest' is the superlative of the adjective 'fast'.
Check your facts.
He wooed her with the confident dash of a cavalry officer.
A real number can be regarded abstractly as an equivalence class of Cauchy sequences of real numbers.
They hoped to get together at an early date.
I acquired a strong aversion to television.
I find knitting very relaxing.
The unions called a general strike for Sunday.
She shows her dogs frequently.
They tried to predict the magnitude of the explosion.
The coach sent in a passing play on third and long.
An election campaign.
You are a true yachtsman! Are you a member of the local yacht club?
The extent of his knowledge of the language is a few scattered words.
The public brought pressure to bear on the government.
To repair a shattered fortune.
Their loud laughter betrayed their presence.
After several hours of sinking an unexpected rally rescued the market.
Clouds of blossoms.
Clean the stove!
Can you park right here?
Several matters to attend to.
This drug can suppress the hemorrhage.
They had to leave the wounded where they fell.
Jones fouled for strike one.
The first edition appeared in 1920.
Americans like ice in their drinks.
A woman's right to an abortion was constitutionalized in the 1970's.
The nurse was caring for the wounded.
This student knows her irregular verbs.
I warned him not to go too far.
The poor signage at Heathrow is only in English.
Give the little lady a great big hand.
"When the dog shed its coat, it left hair all over the furniture and the carpet."
The children were playing with lead soldiers.
John only had four cards of the same suit; he had a drawing hand.
There was an understanding between management and the workers.
Refocus the image until it is very sharp.
Deliver a captive from the prison.
He fumbled the key into the lock.
The liver synthesizes vitamins.
The hunter levels the gun before taking a shot.
The processing of newly arrived immigrants.
The nurse packed gauze in the wound.
The battle began with a cavalry charge.
I understand him to be a good doctor.
Her success feeds her vanity.
Not a tad of difference.
"This school graduates 2,000 students each year."
He was locked in a laughing fit.
"File these bills, please."
Extend your backyard.
Holocaust denier (see: Wikipedia: Holocaust denial).
He kept drifting off the topic.
"In 2012, there were 28 living holders of the Victoria Cross or the George Cross."
The fog blurs my vision.
The icebergs and glaciers calve.
Anthropology is the study of human beings.
Memory is a facility common to all animals.
Hills constellated with lights.
This neighborhood is segregated.
The Greek alphabet has only twenty-four letters.
"Infamy, infamy -- they've all got it in for me! -- Kenneth Williams as Julius Caesar in Carry On Cleo."
One harsh word would send her into the depths of despair.
This is a war of folly.
Why didn't you clean the house? That was your responsibility!
The agreement was a triumph for common sense.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
These two fellows are always scrapping over something.
Italians express coffee rather than filter it.
He pressed down on the boards.
I crystallized the copper sulphate by slowly cooling a saturated solution.
She did the work with great efficiency.
Murder in the second degree.
They took vows of poverty.
Refer to your notes.
"The forest fire was veiled by smoke, but I could hear it clearly."
A new release from the London Symphony Orchestra.
They walked the streets of the small town.
He valued glory above life itself.
Of equal standing.
The play ended with Jones standing on third.
Spokes radiate from the hub of the wheel.
They celebrated his election.
Fix the variables.
The revival of trade.
Camels hate leaving their mates.
A fall from virtue.
"I have no complaints about the quality of his work, but I don't enjoy his company."
They were on a friendly footing.
He conducted us to the palace.
I had to co-sign his note at the bank.
Potentiate the drug.
The water reached the doorstep.
A real character.
Excitement induced narcolepsy caused him to sleep through the most important events of his life.
We should not fear the Communists!
He banked with Barclays.
He will not violate his principles.
Their holiday was spent in sleep and vegetation.
We bandied around these difficult questions.
He never socializes with his colleagues.
It is an estimate of the mean of the population.
The titles are printed on the backs of the books.
The operation of a computer presents and interesting analogy to the working of the brain.
The gossip columnist got his information by visiting nightclubs every night.
History takes the long view.
"The rotund man had difficulty belting his pants, and generally wore suspenders to avoid the issue."
This crime carries a penalty of five years in prison.
The corrective feedback mechanism cancels out the noise.
The local seemed to take forever to get to New York.
The car corners.
"When ice skating, be sure to stay away from reeds, there's always thin patches of ice there and you could fall through."
Afforest the mountains.
Michelangelo personally quarried marble from the world-famous quarry at Carrara.
The international tennis circuit.
The atmosphere is made up of a number of different gases.
The computer game Half-Life redefined the first-person shooter genre.
Her dignified manner.
Her fingers were long and thin.
This car can reach a speed of 140 miles per hour.
She locked her jewels in the safe.
The party went with a swing.
The road divaricates here.
The inspector analyzed the building.
A comedy series.
Go to blazes.
My car was pinging until my last oil change.
He got a 3% raise.
The area by the canal is the underbelly of town -- not something you'd see in the guidebooks.
Keep him in bed until he sobers up.
Blood circulates in my veins.
The nurse bandaged a sprained ankle.
He gave me a clip on the ear.
He sent a short message requesting an abort due to extreme winds in the area.
He expedited the search by alphabetizing the papers.
Fill the child with pride.
Bone the turkey before roasting it.
A spark of decency.
Summon all your courage.
We live in a cybernated age.
Money was his god.
Water issued from the hole in the wall.
There's a lot of storage space in the loft.
He used his business contacts to get an introduction to the governor.
Water poured onto the plants.
She curled farther down under the covers.
He studied theology at Oxford.
Do you want to raise cattle?
He counted the ticks of the clock.
Maternity wear.
A good site for the school.
"To the dismay of his mother, the boy put his finger into the cake batter."
The size of the building seemed to have increased since I was last there.
The totality of war and its consequences.
His business commitments took him to London.
He regretted the disappearance of Greek from school curricula.
The march of science.
Stay a bit longer -- the day is still young.
The tavern owners stampeded us into overeating.
I gradually passed from sleep to full awareness.
His arrow hit the mark.
The lawyer has a good record.
To roast meat on a spit.
"After a brisk walk, I washed up and changed my shirt."
He observed the softening of iron by heat.
"To cook pasta, you first need to put the kettle on."
My piano needs to be tuned.
Resourcefully he mingled music and dance.
Excogitate a way to measure the speed of light.
The IT manager leads a team of three software developers.
Hospital rounds.
"When the motor stopped, the silence was almost deafening."
The children always love to go to the circus.
The window was protected by steel bars.
He took the computer with a view to pawning it.
She could not control her flare of rage.
A bit of a bother.
The car went into a spin.
An experimental version of the night fighter.
Industrialism prepared the way for acceptance of the French Revolution's various socialistic offspring.
A child's allowance should not be too generous.
Bare your feelings.
They had three children.
News of the attack came like a bombshell.
Dams were built for the generation of electricity.
String pearls on a string.
They hired hunters to keep down the deer population.
Produce a new play.
Boil some water in a pan.
Whole fields of wheat in shock.
We glimpsed the Queen as she got into her limousine.
How much interest do you pay on your mortgage?
We collected art glass.
A politician whose recall of names was as remarkable as his recognition of faces.
Toast bread.
The teacher assigned new readings.
"Any penetration, however slight, is sufficient to complete the offense."
They agreed about what to do.
An outburst of heavy rain.
She predeceased her husband.
In anatomical structure prehistoric man shows close affinity with modern humans.
He is exploiting the students.
"After the layoffs morale was at an all time low, they were so dispirited nothing was getting done."
Kept a tight leash on his emotions.
Mark my words.
He looked the other direction.
Chinese people use word symbols for writing.
Hunger had caused the hollows in their cheeks.
The pilot flew to Cuba.
His rapid manner of talking.
A man of many desires.
Politicians never discuss the real issues.
His wife declared at once for moving to the West Coast.
Vamp up an old speech.
"After much consideration, I have decided to stay."
The salvation of his party was the president's major concern.
His determination showed in his every movement.
The president was concerned about the property across from the White House.
