A plane is taking off.
A man is playing a large flute.
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.
Three men are playing chess.
A man is playing the cello.
Some men are fighting.
A man is smoking.
The man is playing the piano.
A man is playing on a guitar and singing.
A person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling.
The man hit the other man with a stick.
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo.
A man is playing a flute.
A person is folding a piece of paper.
A man is running on the road.
A dog is trying to get bacon off his back.
The polar bear is sliding on the snow.
A woman is writing.
A cat is rubbing against baby's face.
The man is riding a horse.
A man pours oil into a pot.
A man is playing a guitar.
A panda is sliding down a slide.
A woman is eating something.
A woman peels a potato.
The boy fell off his bike.
The woman is playing the flute.
A rabbit is running from an eagle.
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop.
A girl is flying a kite.
A man is riding a mechanical bull.
The man is playing the guitar.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women.
A man is slicing a bun.
A man is pouring oil into a pan.
A lion is playing with people.
A dog rides a skateboard.
Someone is carving a statue.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A woman peels shrimp.
A woman is frying fish.
A woman is playing an electric guitar.
A baby tiger is playing with a ball.
A person is slicing a tomato.
A person cuts an onion.
A man is playing the piano.
A woman is playing the flute.
A man is cutting up a potato.
A kid is playing guitar.
A boy is playing guitar.
A man is playing guitar.
A little boy is playing a keyboard.
A man is playing a guitar.
A dog licks a baby.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A man is playing the guitar.
A woman is slicing a pepper.
A man is playing the drums.
A woman rides a horse.
A man is eating a banana by a tree.
A cat is playing a key board.
A man chops down a tree with an axe.
A kid plays with a toy phone.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A squirrel is spinning around in circles.
A man and a woman are kissing.
A man is getting into a car.
A man is dancing.
A man is playing the guitar and singing.
A person is cutting mushrooms.
A tiger cub is making a sound.
A person is slicing onions.
A man is playing the piano.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A pankda is eating bamboo.
A person is peeling an onion.
A monkey pushes another monkey.
A squirrel runs around in circles.
A man is tying his shoe.
A boy is singing and playing the piano.
A dog is eating water melon.
A woman is chopping broccoli.
A man is peeling a potato.
A woman is playing a guitar.
A woman is slicing tomato.
A man swims underwater.
A man and woman are talking.
A small dog is chasing a yoga ball.
The men are playing cricket.
A man rides off on a motorcycle.
A man is playing a guitar.
The man talked on the telephone.
A man is fishing.
A man is levitating.
Two boys are driving.
A man is riding on a horse.
A man is riding a bicycle.
A man is slicing potatoes.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is slicing a leek.
The man cut a paper plate.
The man is playing the guitar.
A man is playing the piano.
A woman is slicing up some meat.
A man is playing on his keyboard.
The lady chopped up the green onions.
Someone is sitring noodles in water.
Lionel Richie is dancing on the ceiling.
A man is playing a piano.
A woman is playing flute.
A boy is checking a calender.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A man is playing guitar.
A woman is using a sewing machine.
A woman is flipping pancakes.
A man is running on the road.
A man is riding on a horse.
A man is riding a bike.
A woman is dancing.
A man is playing a piano.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is spinning.
A monkey is swinging from limb to limb.
The people got off the train.
A dog is jumping on a trampoline.
A boy is playing an instrument.
A woman plays the guitar.
A woman is picking a can.
A man is climbing a rope.
A man is lifting a car.
A man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep.
The shirtless man sat in a chair.
Two women are wrestling.
The puppy played with a blue tennis ball.
A kangroo is eating something.
A cat is playing a piano.
The man cut some carpet with a knife.
A woman is riding a motorized scooter down a road.
someone is slicing a vegetable.
A woman is dancing.
A dog licks up a baby's drool.
A man is rowing a boat.
A man cuts up potatos.
A woman is chopping up garlic.
An animal run in circles.
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.
A man is playing the guitar.
A man plays the flute.
A woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl.
A man is cutting a fish.
Two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car.
A man pours oil on some tomatos.
A man is slicing something.
A man is paddling a canoe.
A man and woman are walking together through the woods.
The woman picked up the kangaroo.
Fish are swimming.
Two women mix something in a food processor.
A person is surfing a large wave.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a flute in a band.
The man spread butter on the loaf of bread.
A person is boiling noodles.
A group of people dance on a hill.
A man is dancing outside.
A woman is feeding a man.
A man is putting a pan into an oven.
A woman is sitting at a desk.
Medics transport a patient on a stretcher.
A woman is playing a flute on stage.
Two baby pandas are playing.
A baby is laughing.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is folding paper.
Three women are dancing.
The cats are playing with each other.
A person is writing.
A man is running.
The woman is rolling dough.
A woman is adding spices on a meat.
A woman is adding oil on fishes.
A young boy is holding a guitar.
A cheetah is running.
The man is eating pizza.
An orangutan is riding a bus.
A man and a woman talk in a diner.
A man is playing a guitar.
A girl is singing and playing a guitar.
A girl is communicating with sign language.
A woman is doing weight exercises.
A man is getting inside a car.
A big green ball knocks a potato over.
A cat is playing keyboards.
Two dogs swim in a pool.
The man used a chopper to chop the onion.
A woman slices tofu.
A herd of deer are crossing the street.
The person is riding the horse.
Someone is feeding a animal.
Someone is slicing tortila's.
Someone is mixing ingrediants.
A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.
A woman holds a kangaroo.
A man is playing with frogs
Two men are talking.
A man spreads butter on a big piece of bread.
A man is running across a high wire.
A man is mowing a lawn.
A man is opening a door.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus.
A man is punching through boards.
A man is dancing.
Someone is playing a piano.
Two foxes are eating from a plate on a brick patio.
A boy is playing a key-board.
A person plays a keyboard.
A man is shooting a gun.
Someone is slicing an onion.
A man is swimming.
A man is playing the guitar.
A woman is slicing a pumpkin.
A woman is dancing.
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
A car is moving through a road.
Someone is greasing a pan.
A man is playing guitar.
A woman is drinking vodka.
A woman is cutting meat into pieces.
A man is rinsing a steak.
A man is selling items.
A man is jumping a wall.
Runners race around a track.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
A woman is frying something.
A cat is licking a sucker.
A woman is dancing by a fire.
The man is slicing a fish open.
Butter is melting in a pan.
Three boys are dancing.
A woman is playing a game with a man.
The man is driving a white car.
A man drove his car.
A car backs out of a space.
A man puts some cheese on a pizza.
The boy is playing the piano.
The man played his guitar.
A man is riding a horse.
A man is walking on a rope.
A girl is playing a flute.
People step off a train.
A woman is sewing on a machine.
A dog is looking into swimming pool.
A man is buttering a piece of bread.
A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.
Three teenage girls danced in the room.
A lion is walking.
A man shooting a car.
A black horse is running around.
A woman is deveining shrimp.
A man is riding a horse.
A man walks down a path.
A man is slicing a potato.
A dog is barking at a ball.
A kid runs away from a fish swinging around on a fishing pole.
A man is walking along a path through wilderness.
An elderly man is speaking at a podium.
A man riding a horse in slow motion.
A person is cutting some burrata cheese.
The man is shooting an automatic rifle.
A man is crushing garlic with the back of a knife.
A woman is filing her fingernails with an emery board.
A man is riding a skateboard.
A woman is taking a shower.
A  man is dancing.
A man is rowing a boat.
A man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling.
A woman is riding a horse on a beach.
A man holds a small animal in one hand.
A person is folding a square paper piece.
A person is frying meat in a pan.
A chimpanzee is hurting a woman.
The woman is peeling shrimp.
Two zebras are playing.
A woman is slicing butter.
Some men are playing guitars.
The elephants sprayed water on themselves.
A dog sat at the counter of a store.
Someone drills a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill.
A woman is slicing some vegetables.
A badger is burrowing a hole.
A woman is water skiing on a lake.
A girl is playing a violin.
A helicopter is landing on a helipad.
A woman is cutting up a chicken.
A woman is cutting a cucumber.
A woman rides an elephant in front of an adoring crowd.
A puppy is sliding backwards along the floor.
A woman splits garlic cloves.
A dog is looking into swimming pool.
A woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass.
A man is drawing a picture.
A woman is picking tomatoes.
A man is looking at a computer monitor.
The boy is riding a tricycle.
Two men compete in a tire rolling race.
A person is cutting a meat.
A man is playing a violin.
The baby crawled through the doorway.
A man is playing keyboard.
A man is smelling two pizzas.
A monkey pulls the tail of a dog.
A dog lies on his back on a wooden floor.
A woman is frying something in the pan.
A man puts seasoning in a bowl of water.
An elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan.
A woman is chopping an onion.
The woman picked up the kangaroo.
A dog biting on a can.
A woman is deboning a fish.
A man is mowing grass.
A cat is watching a TV.
The boy is stuck in the door of the doghouse.
People flip into a swimming pool.
A woman swims underwater.
A man is playing a guitar.
An airplane is flying in the air.
A bear is running from two dogs.
A woman is resting in a floating raft.
A man is dieing in an operating room.
A man is holding a leaf.
A person is riding a horse.
A woman is slicing octopus.
A man is breaking water jugs.
A man is playing a guitar.
A girl is eating a cupcake.
The little girl played on the grass with a dog and a ball.
People ride and paddle a raft.
The lady cut up a potatoe.
The missile exploded.
A dog is playing in the snow.
A woman is dancing with other women.
A boy is pushing a van.
A boy is making some dance steps.
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it.
A man is assembling speaker parts.
The dog walked along the edge of the pool.
Butter is being put into a bowl.
Raccoons are eating.
Someone fell off a horse.
A woman peels an apple.
A man is taking some math classes.
Animals are playing in water.
A man is riding a horse and jumping over obstacles.
A person is doing pencil tricks with his hand.
The person lit the cameras on fire.
The man is slicing the tape from the box.
A man is fishing in the river.
A man is riding a bike.
A man is doing push-ups.
A man is playing guitar.
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar.
A woman is powdering her face.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman is firing a rifle.
A woman puts a garland over a man's shoulders.
An old woman is shaking hand with a man.
The woman is waterskiing.
Trees are bending in storm.
A man and woman is riding in a car.
A man is moving a tree limb.
A man plays a piano.
A person pours oil on a skillet.
The animal is eating.
The woman is walking her dog.
A group of people sing.
The cat is drinking milk.
A girl is making eyelid.
Two men are fighting.
The military officer barked at the recruits.
The man is putting chicken into the container.
A man is tying on a stenographers machine.
A woman is adding pasta to a pot of water.
A woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book.
Two puppies are playing with each other.
A man is running on a field.
A man is hugging someone.
Someone is pouring ingrediants into a pot.
A couple are walking.
A person is playing a guitar.
A person is adding food in a pan.
A group of penguins is walking.
A man is playing a guitar.
A dog is jumping on a trampoline.
A man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink.
A man is walking with a horse.
Paper is being cut with scissors.
A person peels shrimp.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man making a bed in a hotel.
The dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg.
A woman beats two eggs in a bowl.
A man is jumping rope outside.
A person is slicing some onions.
A woman holds a kangaroo.
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal.
A woman is cooking something.
A woman is swimming in the beach.
A man is carrying another man.
The woman is putting paste into a dish.
A man is holding up and talking about a gray You Tube T-shirt.
Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.
A man is playing the guitar.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.
A person is peeling a potato.
A cat is jumping into a box.
The woman is seasoning the oil.
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch.
A woman dances while a man plays the keyboard.
A chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup.
An explosion is booming in the desert.
A woman slices a lemon.
An overweight man is skipping rope.
The lady cracked two raw eggs.
A man sharpens a pencil using a knife.
Plastic toys are floating in water.
The turtle followed the fish.
The woman is pencilling on eye shadow.
A man is tying his shoe.
A woman is slicing meat with a knife.
A dog is running on the ground.
A man is petting a tied up dog.
A woman is walking on an open ground with a pet dog as some other dogs follow them.
A woman is mincing some garlic.
Two teams are playing soccer.
A rat like creature is smelling around.
Two Sumo ringers are fighting each other.
A man lays on the ground and aims a rifle.
A couple are running towards the ocean.
A woman is chopping a hard egg.
Two robots share a kiss.
A cat is trying to touch a dog.
The rhino grazed on the grass.
The man drove his little red car around the traffic.
A man is cutting bread.
A cat rapidly swats a kid in the head.
A cat is playing in a box.
The couple danced in the church.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth.
A person checks some rice pudding.
A woman is stirring two eggs in a glass bowl.
The man is playing the drums.
A man is slicing a pepper.
A woman is speaking in sign language.
A boy is crawling into a dog house.
The girl flew her kite while she ran up a hill.
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water.
A small monkey walks through water.
A man is riding a bike.
A young man is singing and playing the piano.
A boy takes off his sunglasses.
A girl is playing a piano.
The lady sliced a tomatoe.
Someone is holding a hedgehog.
A woman peels a potato.
A cat is drinking some water.
A person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork.
The man sat in his chair and stared.
A woman is dicing a potato.
A baby is crawling happily.
A person is frying a meat in the pan.
A man is looking out of a window.
A man seated is playing the guitar.
A woman is slicing an onion with a knife.
A rider is running and jumping her horse.
A boy is playing a key-board.
Two men are fighting.
A man is playing a wooden flute while several other men play bongo drums.
A person is petting a monkey.
Two cartoon rabbits are kissing.
The hedgehog chewed on the towel.
A cat is licking himself.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.
Four boys are standing in front of the burning car.
A man is smoking.
A woman is adding sauce to some food.
Three children are eating their food.
A submarine is going through water.
A man is running on a street.
A person is slicing an onion.
A badger is digging in the dirt.
A woman is slicing big pepper.
A man is riding a bicycle.
A man and a woman are kissing each other.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A small boy is playing with a dog.
The man is drawing.
A man is cutting a potato.
A boy is playing a guitar.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A toy train is striking a toy car.
A man is playing the guitar.
A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.
A woman is frying a food.
A man is dicing an onion.
A girl is playing a guitar.
A girl is singing on stage.
A woman is riding a horse.
A girl is playing a guitar.
A woman is brushing some shrimp.
A man is dancing on the ceiling.
A woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife.
A man is playing a keyboard.
A man plays the guitar.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman is handling a frog.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a piano.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is playing a flute.
Two women are on a couch.
Someone is slicing a cucumber.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy.
The dog is barking at the toy.
A person folds a tortilla.
A cat is drinking milk.
A person is driving a car.
A turtle is walking.
A cow is eating grass.
A woman is chopping broccoli.
A man is crying.
The man is playing the guitar.
A man is cutting an onion.
A man is slicing a potato.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.
A man is smoking.
The man is playing the drums.
A man dives into a pool.
A woman is cutting a leak.
A little boy is playing a guitar.
A woman is dancing.
Women are talking.
A girl is putting gel in her hair.
A kid is playing guitar.
A group of people are marching in place.
The woman is shooting a machine gun.
A man played the piano.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A man is slicing a cucumber.
A girl is eating a cupcake.
A woman is cutting an onion.
The man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing the guitar.
Two little girls talk on the telephone.
A man is chopping a log with an axe.
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces.
A man is talking with a woman.
The man is walking.
Someone is pouring oil into a skillet.
A small kitten is playing a ball.
A man is playing a guitar.
A girl is playing a violin.
A man is playing two pianos.
A man is exercising.
A person is slicing a scallop.
A man and a woman are riding on their bicycles.
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture.
A woman is adding oil to a pan.
A girl makes up her bed.
The cat played with a watermelon.
A girl jumps on a car.
A man is praying.
A car is parking.
A man is running.
A man is singing.
A man is carrying another man over his shoulder.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman is cutting a tomato.
Someone is peeling a potato.
A woman is peeling a potato.
Two robots kiss.
Two boys on a couch are playing video games.
A woman is squeezing a lemon.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A woman is slicing a carrot.
A girl is styling her hair.
A man walking down the stairs.
Two people are riding a motorcycle.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar and singing.
A man is walking in the rain.
A kangaroo is eating.
A man is fishing.
A woman is swimming.
A Woman is eating.
A boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.
A man is driving a car.
A woman is grating onion.
Two roosters are fighting.
A man is riding a horse.
A man is riding a horse.
A man is shooting a gun.
A woman is cutting an onion.
The woman is slicing herbs.
A boy is playing the piano.
A baby elephant is eating.
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
A person is playing the keyboard.
A boy whacks a man with a sword.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces.
A man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife.
A man is writing in a book.
A woman is slicing a garlic.
A person is making a bed.
A man is playing keyboard.
A man is playing a violin.
The woman is smoking.
The man erased what the other man had on the board.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A man is riding a motorcycle on the highway.
A woman is slicing up some meat.
A woman cuts up broccoli.
A man is playing a piano.
Someone is slicing a tomato.
A woman is dancing in a cage.
A woman is swimming.
A man is running.
The man is playing the guitar.
A cat stares into the camera.
The baby is laughing and crawling.
A woman is shooting a gun.
A woman is dancing in the rain.
A woman is dancing.
A kid is playing an instrument.
Someone slices a bottle with a sword.
A woman is cutting an apple.
The man is peeling an apple.
The man is playing the guitar.
An animal is walking on the ground.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.
a group of people dancing
A man plays a guitar.
A cat swings on a ceiling fan.
A woman is playing the flute.
The woman is dicing onions.
A monkey is brushing a bull dog.
A woman is slicing a onion.
A man is playing the piano.
A woman is washing her hands.
A woman fires a shotgun.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal.
A woman is bathing into bath-tub.
A motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle.
A man is dangling a mouse near a snake.
A man and a woman are walking in the woods.
A person pours some rice pudding into a bowl.
A man stares out a window.
A woman is firing a rifle.
A man is eating a banana.
The men are performing on stage.
A cartoon woman dives into a pool.
The lady put the baby int a trashcan.
Someone is frying meat.
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms using a knife.
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.
A skateboarder does tricks on a half-pipe.
A man is speaking on a stage.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing on his keyboard.
A person is cutting a potato.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
Two men are dancing.
Someone is seasoning eggs.
A man is swinging in a rope.
A man is cutting tomatoes.
A woman is boiling shrimp.
A man cuts a potato.
A man is dancing on the road.
The deer jumped over the fence.
A girl dances in the rain.
A woman is writing a letter.
A gorilla is playing the drums.
A woman is riding on a horse.
The boy cut the grass by the curb with scissors.
A man with glasses is talking.
A woman is cutting some flowers.
A person is walking down a stone path.
A man plays the keyboard with his nose.
A man is playing guitar.
A animal is eating.
A man is lifting weights.
A man is running with a bus.
A man is climbing a rope.
A cat is playing the piano.
A woman is dancing in the rain.
Men are running a race.
A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.
A man is playing a flute.
A woman is cutting potatoes.
A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.
The woman is thinly slicing a cucumber.
A person is slicing a bread pieces.
A woman is cutting a squash.
A woman is adding oil on fishes.
A woman is grating carrots.
Someone is cleaning a animal.
A man is talking on the phone.
A woman is smoking.
A man laying down and shooting a gun
A man is being put into an abulance.
A man is diving into a swimming pool.
A man is firing a shot gun.
A man playing the guitar.
A man is peeling potato.
The woman is riding a horse.
An airplane moves along a runway.
A woman is slipping in the water-tub.
A man is mowing a lawn.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A man is playing piano.
A woman is doing ballet.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A woman is stirring rice in a pot.
A woman puts slabs of meat in a pan.
The boy played his trumpet.
A person is riding a horse.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A man is slicing vegetables.
A cat is playing.
A man is riding a bicycle.
A band is performing on a stage.
The woman is slicing fish cake.
A man is eating bread.
A woman is cooking shrimp.
A woman is dancing.
"A woman tosses a cat in the air, and the cat hangs off a rod on the ceiling."
A big turtle is walking.
A man is burning a flag.
The man is pushing the van.
A man is eating wood.
A dog is speaking to the camera.
A man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate.
A man and woman are walking.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword.
The man is singing and playing the guitar.
A man is cutting a paper.
A man is dancing.
Two boys are talking on the phone.
A man is playing guitar.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A woman is riding a horse.
A man is playing soccer.
A woman is peeling an orange.
Someone is cracking an egg open.
A man is cutting a snake to cook.
A woman is scraping a carrot.
A man and woman are Bollywood dancing.
A woman is cutting flowers.
The man danced in the diner.
American flag is waving.
A lion is walking in an enclosed area.
A woman is slicing a lemon.
A woman is playing the flute.
The dog is barking at the toy.
A woman is adding an egg and stirring.
A woman covers a piece of meat with flour.
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window.
A man does floor exercises.
A man is slicing a potatoe.
Someone is playing piano.
The woman is putting makeup on the man.
The woman droppped eggplant into the pan.
A man plays a trumpet.
A woman is slicing a lemon.
A tiger trys to climb the wall.
A man is preparing a hanging rope.
A woman dances on a stage.
The girl is riding the horse.
A person is frying.
A man is shooting a pistol.
A woman is swinging her arms.
A man is walking outside.
A man dries his hands.
A soccer player is kicking the soccer ball into the goal from a long way down the field.
A girl is playing the piano.
A man is drawing some figures.
The monkey is hanging from the trees.
Some children are jumping on Trampoline.
A woman with a knife is slicing a pepper.
A man is adding oil to car.
A man is slicing a carrot by a machine.
A boy played a keyboard.
A cat is playing with an antenna.
A woman is slicing pumpkin.
The people threw the dummy over the cliff edge.
A gun is being fired.
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.
A woman cuts a pineapple.
A woman is adding spices on a meat.
A person is adding oil in the pan.
A cook seasons some dough.
A boy is running on a beach.
A baby monkey scratches itself.
A boy is riding a bike on a gate.
A man is doing a card trick.
A man is playing the piano.
A man is mowing grass.
A person is mixing water and flour.
The two dogs were in the pen.
A man is riding on one wheel on a motorcycle.
A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.
A man is opening a box using a knife.
A man is kicking oots of water.
A man is eating.
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side while on its back.
A young boy sings and plays a guitar.
The woman is peeling lemon.
A man is playing the trumpet.
A dog is looking around
A woman is slicing an onion.
The man drilled holes into the wood.
Someone is cutting a circle out of a pink sheet of paper.
A man is playing flute.
A man is placing meat in a bag.
A girl is eating a cupcake.
A rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit.
A man is buttering bread.
A woman is squeezing some cucumber slices.
A man is taking out the insides of a green pepper.
A man takes a piece of pepperoni pizza out of a pizza box and puts it on the lid after he closes the box.
The man added vegetables to the broth in the pot.
The man ran and jumped against the wall.
The man is seasoning the sausages.
A clown is singing and people are dancing.
A woman is feeding an aardvark.
A person is rinsing a steak off with water.
A boy rode his bike on top of a metal fence.
A man is throwing knives at a tree.
Girls are walking on the stage.
A woman is doing weight exercises.
A man is peeling a potato.
A large bird standing on a table picks up a plastic glass containing liquid and places it in a bowl of something.
A woman is in the rain.
A woman is hitting a man.
A woman is riding an elephant.
A man is lifting weights.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves.
A woman is wearing headphones.
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.
A woman is reading a lifestyle magazine.
A man is pouring chili into a bowl.
The bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl.
A group of girls are exiting a taxi.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.
A man is chopping coriander leaf.
A man takes a slice of pizza.
A man is placing meat inside a plastic bag.
A rabbi is talking.
A man rides a horse.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is slicing a bun.
A man  is driving a car.
A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it.
A dog is barking.
A monkey is walking on a bed.
A woman is cooking broccoli.
A man is frying a tortilla.
A woman serving volleyballs over a net.
A man is slicing cucumber with a knife.
A man is playing an electronic keyboard.
A man is playing a violin.
A man severs the toe of an empty leather boot using a sword.
The person is removing the scales from the fish.
People are walking in the garden.
A young child rides a horse.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.
A man is folding a piece of paper.
The man was pushed into the water.
A boy is upset playing video games.
A man makes a call on a cell phone.
A man is speaking on a phone.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her face.
The man lifted barbells.
A woman feeds an animal by hand.
Several ferrets climb out of their cage.
A young woman is playing the flute.
A woman shoots a shotgun.
A person is adding chili powder to chili with beans.
A woman rapidly fires a handgun.
A person is slicing an onion.
A dog is opening a fridge.
A woman is holding a dancing baby up.
A woman is doing a joker make up on a man.
The lady added cheese to the sauce.
A man is giving a lecture on a podium.
The cat shimmied under the bed.
A woman is chopping garlic.
A man is cutting grass.
A man is cutting grass.
A boy runs away from his fishing line.
The man played haki sak in the office.
A man is carrying another man on his back.
Meat is dropped into a pan.
A woman is cutting scallions.
A man is slam dunking a ball.
A machine is sharpening a pencil.
A woman is brushing her feet.
A man is cleaning the windows.
A person is stirring rice.
A man puts a knife in a vice.
A boy plays violin on stage.
A woman cuts a pink loaf with a knife.
A man is adding pork chops to a pan.
The men are fighting each other.
A man is catching a ball.
A girl is reading a newspaper.
A slow loris bites a persons fingers.
A man is walking along a path through wilderness.
The man played his guitar.
Some men are skating on the road.
A man pours liquid into a pan.
A boy is playing piano and singing.
A cat and a ferret are playing.
A monkey is walking through the water.
A woman is putting on makeup.
A dog is driving a car.
The man sang on stage into the microphone.
A car backs out of a space.
A man is holding a frog.
A man is traveling in a boat.
The man rode his motorcycle down the highway.
A man is dicing an onion.
A man performs on a stage.
The women are sitiing down.
A man removes a couple of toaster scrambles from a plastic packet.
A woman is dancing by a fire.
A man is meditating.
A boy is cutting paper.
The man talked on the telephone.
A man is playing the guitar and singing.
the soccer player kicked the ball side to side between his legs.
An animal is walking.
Someone is scratching an animals belly.
A man is lifting heavy weights.
A boy is playing with a toy.
A man dives off of a cliff.
A man is coming out into the water.
A man and woman dance.
A man is sweeping the floor of a house using a long broom.
A group of couples are dancing.
A man is scaling a fish.
The man set up his camera to take sunset pictures at the beach.
Someone is holding and petting a baby tiger.
The man is playing the guitar.
The man did pushups on a wall.
A woman cuts up a vegetable.
A person breaks an egg into a small bowl.
A man is playing keyboards.
A dog is running around a yard.
A child is walking down the street as a jeep pulls up.
A man is adding oil to a pot.
The girl danced in front of the bonfire.
A man is chopping butter into a container.
A girl is dragged downhill by a dog.
The man took off his sunglasses while talking.
The two men did a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
The girl is tiding up her bed.
Someoen is cooking onions.
The man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man.
The lady put the dried noodles in the hot water to cook.
The girls danced on the stage.
A panda bear is laying down.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float.
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke.
A man is putting broccoli into water.
The doctor was helping the patient.
Some is grating onion into water.
A baby is talking.
A woman boils eggs.
A woman puts ingredients in a whisked egg.
A woman is slicing mango.
A girl is slicing a butter into two pieces.
A man is playing the guitar.
A man is opening a package containing headphones.
A girl is playing a guitar.
A little girl plays the violin on a beach.
A monkey is karate kicking at someone's gloved hand.
A female applies something to he hair with her hands.
A man is karate kicking at another man wearing protective boxing gloves.
The man is playing the wooden flute.
A young woman is playing a guitar.
The men are playing soccer.
A woman is running on the beach.
A man is straining pasta.
Panda's play on a swing.
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
A large boat in the water at the marina.
a bus driving in a street.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
A jockey riding a horse.
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
A woman riding a brown horse.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
Close up of a bottle of water.
A close up of a brown faced cat.
sheep standing in afield.
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
a black and white cow in hay.
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
Three young women standing in a room together.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
A group of sheep in a field.
"A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle."
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
Two white cows in a green pasture.
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
a woman with a big necklace.
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
Black and white cat lying under bush.
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
Two men on boat floating on the water.
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
A black and white photo of an old train station.
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
A woman holding a small baby.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
Five birds stand on the snow.
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
A passenger train in the snow.
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
The seagull is floating on the water.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
Black and white cows behind a fence.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
"A black, flat screen television placed on the floor."
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
Black train on train tracks.
Black train on train tracks.
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
Red double decker bus.
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
a dog napping under a small table.
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
Red sports car racing down track.
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
Red double decker bus on side of street.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
The seagull is floating on the water.
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
Gray cat looking out the window.
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
People sitting on the porch.
Two horses standing in a pen.
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
a woman with a viking hat on.
Parked white double decker bus.
A field of black faced sheep.
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
Train going down the tracks.
A young woman dressed in black.
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
A plane flying at a distance.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
A passenger train coming into a station.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
A black train moves down the tracks.
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
A man rides a large black motorbike.
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
Red double decker bus.
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
Man standing in front of silver train.
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A man riding a white horse.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
A girl riding a brown horse.
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
Room with several computer monitors.
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
Two white horses staring over a fence.
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
"A man and woman stand, smiling for camera."
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
The headlights on a blue car.
A passenger train coming into a station.
An airplane facing the camera.
A woman riding a brown horse.
a jockey riding a horse.
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
A train is running on the tracks.
"Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane."
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
A cat reclines on an office chair.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
A group of people having a drink.
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
The train sits at the train station.
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
A race horse galloping without a rider.
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
"A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm."
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
Three bottles are on a table.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
A train is at a train station.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
Two cows standing in a large field.
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
A man stands in front of a train.
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
Two women sitting on brown couch.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
The bird is sitting on the branch.
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A guy on a white horse.
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
The black dog is lying in the grass.
"Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other."
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
A mostly black train on a track.
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
A group of people in a living room.
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
A long train is on train tracks.
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
Three cows grazing in a field.
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
"A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot."
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
A multi-colored train on a track.
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
Small boat going down a creek.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
"A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair."
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
A close-up of a black train engine.
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
a train rides on his tracks.
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
A man riding a small bicycle.
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
A black train moves down the tracks.
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
A young girl riding a brown horse.
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
Two women posing with a baby.
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
A red double decker bus on a city street.
Two trains inside a train station.
A man riding a white horse.
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
Red double decker bus driving down street.
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
A women standing next to a brown cow.
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
A small white cat standing in a sink.
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
A computer on a desk.
A small child smiling at the camera.
A little bird floating in the water.
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
Old blue and white train on tracks.
Yellow boat on a beach.
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
Train in a station.
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
"A red, double-decker bus."
A close-up view of a horse's head.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
A white plane on the runway.
A tan puppy being petted.
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
Boy feeding a sheep.
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
Two men wearing bike helmets.
A man playing a video game in a store.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
Cars driving near a model building.
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
Red double decker bus with hood open.
A man riding a white horse.
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
A subway train pulling into the station.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
Two men standing on beach.
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
Boy laying on couch with dog.
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
A small child smiling at the camera.
A woman riding a brown horse.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
Two people are sailing a small boat.
A small bird on a tiny branch.
Two animals sitting on a rock.
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
Two young women shear a sheep.
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
A plane being readied for take-off.
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
A couple holds a baby.
A small bird eating from the feeder.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A red bird is perched in a tree.
Two buses parked on a street.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
Two cows standing in a large field.
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
A man stands in front of a train.
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
sheep standing in afield.
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
Three cows grazing in a field.
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
A close-up view of a horse's head.
A train is at a train station.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
a bird lands in the water.
Three children stand on or near a fence.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
The two dogs are running on the grass.
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
The two boys play in the field.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
Three dogs playing in the snow.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
A young girl going down a tube slide.
"Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike."
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
"A dog in a ""superman"" shirt sleeps on a blanket."
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
Smiling man with reflective classes.
five people standing on a sidewalk
The white dog runs across the snow.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
A man picking up a big rock.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
"A man wearing a t-shirt that says ""Gigolo"" stands at the counter talking to someone."
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
The man is jumping into the water.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
"A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake."
Two dogs playing by the shore.
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
"Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume."
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
A black poodle plays in the snow.
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
A deer jumps a fence.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
A black dog jumps through the water.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
A black dog running through water.
Children jumping on a trampoline.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
A dog runs through the grass.
A skier speeds through the snow.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
Two dogs play in the grass.
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
A black dog is running in the grass.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
Two dogs in a yard.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
A girl in orange lights a candle.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
A dog shaking off water.
Young boys running along the pavement.
A young child slides down an orange slide.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
"Three individuals are posing on skis behind a ""no skiing"" sign."
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
A dog is running toward the camera.
a boy swinging on a swing.
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
A brown dog running through the woods.
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
Three people racing on ice skates.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
Two men on the side of a barge
A brown dog in running on grass.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
Three dogs playing in the snow.
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
A skier is falling into the snow.
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
Two dogs running through a field.
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
a group of old men walking down the street
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
A black and white dog is running through the field.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
A white dog runs on a beach.
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
A white dog walking in the snow.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
Three dogs are playing in the water.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
two puppies playing around in the grass
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
Brown dog splashing into the water.
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
a man plays his white guitar.
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
Close-up of a hummingbird.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
"Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens."
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
A golden dog is running on the grass.
A dog runs through the grass.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
Man rowing a boat.
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
Many people run in a race on a street.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
A dog runs through the grass.
A dog running across the sand
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
Two dogs on the beach.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
Two dogs running down a beach.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
A child with his hands on his head.
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
A man climbing a cliff face.
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
A boy plays baseball.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
A black dog is running through the snow.
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
A young boy is riding a bike.
A black dog running in the snow.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
"A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her."
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
a black dog swimming through a river.
A man and a woman are smiling.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
A dog is running along the grass.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
Brown dog running on grass.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
Child sliding in the snow.
Three dogs are playing in the water.
A white dog running on sand.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
A dog swims in the water.
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
"The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap."
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
A dog is running in the snow.
A small boy playing in the snow.
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
a white dog running in the snow
The black dog is running through the snow.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
Three dogs are running in a field.
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
A white dog running through the snow
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
A man on a bike nest to a river.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
Two dogs are running on the grass.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
A bird sits in a tree.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
A dog in the snow.
Dalmation running along the beach.
A dog running through snow.
Four black dogs run across the grass.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
"Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball."
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
A man and a woman laughing.
"A black, brown and white dog running through a field."
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
Two kids splashing in the water.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
Two females jump off of swings.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
A dog jumps over a chain.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
A black and a yellow dog
Three children in a ball pit.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
A brown dog is running through green grass.
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
A black dog walking through water.
A black dog is running in snow.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
A brown dog wades in the water.
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
A person on a snowmobile.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
Two brown dogs running together on sand
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
A dog digging in the sand.
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
A person on a bmx bike.
Two dogs running through tall grass.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
A group of people standing outside of a building.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
A boy waves around a sparkler.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
"Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground."
Two dogs playing in snow.
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
A woman holding a newspaper.
A group of men playing brass instruments.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
Kids play soccer on a field.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
"One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand."
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
"Two teenage girls, one is smiling."
Two birds interacting in the grass
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
Two children in a field of red flowers.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
A small black dog is in the grass.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
Children play fight with swords.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
two puppies playing around in the grass
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
Three dogs running through water.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
Scuba diver submerged in water.
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
A dog in in a car.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
A child and two dogs play in the water.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
A man blowing a large bubble.
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
A dog running along the beach.
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
A black dog is running in the grass.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
A surfer on a wave.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
Two men in a running contest.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
Two people are walking through some water.
A dog splashing in the water.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
The dog is in the air above the grass.
A black dog is running through some water.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
A young girl running on the beach.
A baseball player throws the ball.
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
How about some testimonies from real health experts?
"""Then the captain was gone."
The problem is simpler than that.
NEGATIVE RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS.
"So, I am dropping, for now, asking you the question: "" Where ' s the Marx "" ?"
go figure You're asking me to prove a negative?
I am OK with MEDICAL use!
The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.
War in the middle east.
Originally Posted by Vienna How was it authoritarian?
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
There's no chance of a fair trial.
Nirvana is very different than oblivion.
We in Britain think differently to Americans.
If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.
The whole earth combined produces enough food for  billion people.
BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time.
"Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?"
but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white.
"According to the girlfriend and Zimmerman, he did."
My parents have told me it is bad for you.
.Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.
I oppose the death penalty.
"Well, whatever, you are now."
"They produce nothing I can eat, wear, live in."
DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.
People exploited the laws.
"Funny, I thought the same thing about some math."
"I have  years of ""Neener Neener"" rights I use lettuce too."
"I don't prefix or suffix everything with ""you hate Jews."""
I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome.
It still makes no sense.
More expensive homes.
"Martin said, ""Why are you following me?"""
ALTHOUGH SATELLITE INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB ARE ONLY T./
"""Fairies don't exist"" - fine."
You wanna know what I find curious?
When did I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder?
"If you asked , conservatives, the numbers will be skewed to the right."
You didn't mention PFA before that one post.
Ramblin' Rose by Nat King Cole We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
from the year prior.
Still love this show.
their vast properties are protected by the govt.
"Fundimental difference, please?"
How exactly is Germany being 'punished' for the stupidity of WW?
"Z stalked him down, then shot him."
"I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed."
We never got out of it in the first place!
Freedom of speech has consequences!
My parents have told me it is bad for you.
"if you could kill one person to save four, would you?"
It's not imposing morals.
It depends how you define extreme.
At least Mexico had a presence in California.
"So YES, we DO read the bible to learn about Christianity."
"Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!"
And that's why you're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions?
"You have too much regulation, not too little."
The Human Element You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?
Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon?
"You mean, you believe the word of the Mainstream Media?"
We are meant to explore.
"Israel doesn't give a ****, accept it."
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Slutstamp! A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.
"And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence."
Can he really make mone from google ad sense.
They know that the video doesn't show a gas chamber.
"Warm , maybe record."
"""Bright but scatterbrained"" becomes ""treat with drugs""."
"What is your definition of ""life""?"
Could be a lot of things.
"No extortion, no bribery, no money involved He's asking for money for his vote."
Dr. Neander's revised version.
Should I just tell her how I feel?
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.
"""Jane"" wants me to ask the helpful party guest to pay for it."
any woman that wants birth control can get it.
Is it legal to grow?
"pressing one does not ""do"" english."
What's my opinion regarding the series?
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Does he have supporters?
"but okay, ultimate sovereignty?"
that is not an answer.
The Nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from  to  years.
But we can't do it without help.
No healthy person needs gambling.
"I said it wasn't a person, in the legal sense."
Do you see Obama calling for regulation reform?
"""Leprechauns don't exist"" - fine."
Got some Heine and coors light i started it last night xanis.
Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.
"""Gorgons don't exist"" - fine."
"Best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby, all of it."
"I have  years of ""Neener Neener"" rights Usually I get pretty decent care."
Dutchy Has anyone heard from Dutchy?
"Commodity Expanded Value-Form, ."
You are a Christian.
And the simple fact today?
Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !
"""Oh, you're such a good person!"
Fern I think stories like this are stupid.
CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED DURING THE NEXT  HOURS.
Do you not understand what that string of words means?
There is no freedom of religion.
Originally Posted by SolInvictus The messahe of all the scriptures is oneness.
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?
A man and a woman are different yes.
Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification.
Facilitator : Show me the smart child.
religious fiction Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
Originally Posted by anabelle What's wrong with that?
Cracklin' Rosie by Neil Diamond We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions.
loose change started out as a work of fiction.
"If it wasn't a life, then it would not be able to be born."
"GL, Terral That is absolutely amazing."
lets assume we have % white and % black.
Freedom of speech has consequences!
"""Fairies don't exist"" - fine."
"If so, state that is why they're not true."
-Not- talking about it 'and' -Not- doing anything.
"""Being against nukes"" does not mean ""not wanting to use nukes""."
My niece is married to a black man.
The UK population is just over  million.
I Shot the Sheriff We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
I hope this is nothing.
The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.
"So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?"
What isn't how what was sold?
I know I'd hate to be him.
there were no weapons.
It's so stupid that it just has to be true.
Personal responsibility much?
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
I guess I pulled it out of the census's rear end in a top hat.
How is this slanted against Bush??
If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.
"I've never accused him of over-milligraming, nothing."
The bailout was bigger than TARP Bloomberg news.
My parents have told me it is bad for you.
His position is that it is the individual's risk to assume.
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .
Read More: You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?
I have no problem with those that have money!
"Nixon, Ford and Carter shut down the oilfields?"
i don't want a president who 'cares'.
It doesn't have to be braindead.
no missile evidence.
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
"My gosh, I'm the one with the pregnancy ticker."
Then he is not omnipotent.
"tin foil hat for the dog face, what size do u wear?"
Like this  year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime.
"If you leap up to make a hit, you're getting a penalty."
ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery.
Do you know how many passengers testified or what they said?
Imagine a place with % men and % women.
Scenario A assumes that the CO growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.
They have actually showed a cooling trend since  due to the recent decline.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
"Out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn't."
It is mostly just the Dutch.
"We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?"
claims about trayvon's character And when did I do that?
% How much money does PP take in for abortion services?
Why did that transaction take place.
There is no more egg cell post-fertilization.
Lacey - welcome back!
"More factchecking: I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet."
"If you haven't made any claims, then just say so."
No Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian.
the problem isn't who has money.
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?
not astros or orioles bad Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.
"If so, alot of cops should take presciption drugs."
Tell us what the charges were.
Those are partial psychopaths.
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
this is NOT a war deployment.
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data Did gentlemen need chaperones?
Alright just got in.
h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly.
"That's not the Moloch scene, though."
"@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?"
You need to make up your mind.
The one that has  walks home afterwards and goes to sleep.
- Admin DrPizza and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
"The argument was ""Albert Einstein didn't go to college""."
"Capital gains, top rate:  percent."
Bienging is unaccptable.
He hasn't been funny in years.
"If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God."
What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
It wouldn't stop joke marriages.
"If they were Jews, I would call them Jews."
She was a great lady.
He's not wealthy because he's successful.
Not as irritated as you.
It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now.
I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce.
DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
I didn't say we had gotten soft since / Rand.
We all believe that we are getting what we expect.
"Despicable Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man."
Unless it's different in different countries?
The new study does not support your claim.
He said at EVERY level.
"morals do not exist, so technically nothing can be morally wrong."
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.
Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Let's let this play out in court.
Being in a gang isnt a crime.
I'd offer Iran a deal.
"Yes, they are both different."
It's not imposing morals.
Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?
PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows.
You should put scientists on a pedestal.
What are they trying to hide?
That would make you partially responsible for their death.
"""Would you like to pay for others health care?"""
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
I don't see Obama as the lesser of two evils.
Or this one by Jim Croce We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
The point is an unarmed child was murdered.
"Zimmerman replied, ""What are you doing here?"""
Irreligion that does that I have a problem.
"If I'm angry, it will show up in one of those scans.."
"If you want to buy $ billion in XYZ Inc. common stock, who cares?"
billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.
If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.
Sometimes I fantasize about having power.
My parents have told me it is bad for you.
Atlas Shrugged It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
How would Martin not know that that was not the case?
Regulation get the government into everything.
It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
"Yes, I've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument."
Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
It's just a bunch of cells.
Mann's work was all about math.
I'm so sorry to hear this Kelly.
I don't like flavored beers.
I hope everything is ok!
any woman that wants birth control can get it.
S As you wish: Do you see Hitler killing Jews?
And I'm your friend Mitt.
It means its AN option.
I think you need to reread what I wrote.
lets assume we have % white and % black.
"Mom busted in and said, ""What's that noise?"""
"My best, Kutte My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's."
Holder filed a three-page letter.
"@Lustig Andrei, Lustig, agreed."
This eclipses the old record of  set in .
"Zimmerman replied, ""What are you doing here?"""
"I don't know how legitimate this is, but I heard he's kind of suicidal."
council tax Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
Your schtick is getting stale.
Is that how it works?
"Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On."
wait until they become more consistent and closer together.
Obama is extreme and leftwing.
"@Frank Apisa, What you want to call it is up to you."
Jury nullification has NOTHING to do with the Constitutionality of laws.
What conviction where you talking about before?
So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.
The government does not determine if you are married or not.
Democracy is a threat to liberty.
Hi Pro and Corn: How many threads do you plan on making?
Tell me exactly which system isn't working right now?
"Oh, and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right."
Why are Russians in Damascus?
"Yes, it's about dilution."
"Yeah, I don't think this is that controversial either."
Operation Chaos is merely people voting.
Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful.
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.
There is no war in the Middle east.
He had no intention of apprehending him.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
"You're ""a bunch of cells."""
What is a girl douche?
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
It's definitely NOT what it used to be.
The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe.
I think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs.
"""Cyclopes don't exist"" - fine."
"""In  it was a mental illness, now what are they teaching you?"""
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.
. Sinful people do not get to heaven.
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?
Holly Holy We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
"What was the ""answer"" in Chicago?"
The entire thing just makes no sense.
Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?
"Therefore, the explanation of the existence of the universe is God."
Genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics.
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
Use of force in defense of person.-A
That's what the data available shows.
Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.
Ive watched kids play.
"David @OmSigDAVID, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich."
They're looking at each other!
Are you driving one?
Religion that does that I have a problem with.
I think he'd be better for American business interests overall.
not a constitutional issue.
YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..
"""What does pressing the number one do?"""
What conviction would that be?
"Originally Posted by spikdboy Not wishful thinking, rather realistic."
"For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work."
Charlie Rangel Censured Did anyone see the footage of this?
Red October standing by.
That's just not how legal briefs are written.
"No, none of those factors account for the recent warming."
Stone notified Captain Lord.
"The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic, not dia chronic."
Are you driving one?
And that is happening in GOP controlled states.
in  Foxe basin was frozen.
"@Frank Apisa, Frank, I observe and perceive."
"Government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term, that's fine."
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Higher than  per cent but not very high.
What isn't how what was sold?
God definately does not exist.
"Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On."
It is an excellent indicator of climate change.
The great thing about living here is there's space.
"Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!"
I don't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited.
The question needs to be asked.
You purport to value life very heavily.
The Infestation posts.
i don't want a president who 'cares'.
do you have anything to make it less compelling or not?
"For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work."
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
peeve So we agree that it came down essentially in freefall?
Pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself.
So answer the question.
Haiti is a shithole.
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.
The Face Of The Franchise: The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
Jake with the assist.
Is it possible his home was affected and the school was not?
The people had awakened.
Umm the California was a cargo ship I dont care what the article says.
"Umm, that pretty clearly states, ""the statute is presumed constitutional."""
Florida The ignorance is yours!
I'm going to shout for justice for Trayvon.
How do you know what's right and wrong?
"Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!"
And Nugent was a complete fool to say what he said.
It is all Bush's fault.
You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.
I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot.
Yet you didn't have to declare it.
Proverbs  John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.
James : says faith without works is dead.
billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.
and videos Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.
Originally Posted by Lone Fox You've said that multiple times now.
"You might not like Obamas views, but he has them."
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?
There is simply no winning for Obama among conservatives.
Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence!
Just so long as the tax on that sale is paid.
fix?: Islam itself is not political.
March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.
I hope everything is OK!
Do you understand why it's absurd to limit the question to US residents?
I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.
depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment.
Do you further agree that I have made no claim?
Zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car.
"There is no ""WAR"" in the middle east."
Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion.
"Capital gains, top rate:  percent."
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
"No, I show you are willfully ignorant."
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
the problem isn't who has money.
Sadly Ford did accept taxpayer money.
The Muslims would say the same thing about the Qur'an.
Your confusion doesn't make me a liar.
When Christians are extreme its just simply religion.
Some believe the 'right' is most important.
"Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief."
I am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman's body.
Where in the world is Ron Paul?
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.
"The point you quote should say ""I never said rehabilitation could never work."""
billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ Quote: Ditto.
It wouldn't stop joke marriages.
You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions.
Why did that transaction take place.
It's about the baggage attached.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
the problem isn't who has money.
What makes you think the owl didn't participate?
lol Looking forward to seeing your built-in's!
Originally Posted by jacko!
Thanks Candy for starting the thread.
Except that it wasn't.
"If I owe you , dollars, I have a problem."
If evidence is not provided to support a position; then it should be rejected.
Everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico.
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.
LOL Don't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US?
We both thought the movie was good and we didn't find it confusing in any way.
If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
A law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the Constitution.
Originally Posted by muslim girl ooops sorry!
This is not your country.
Originally Posted by zaf I suppose the water in the middle makes a difference.
Cone threw an  game.
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity.
The jury is not told about juror nullification.
runs victim down Got any proof?
"you don't use the search button much, do you?"
I don't think Paul has a shot.
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
What if they messed up a study?
Specifically a Baptist.
And a large part of the east coast.
Why are you talking about women within the Hebrew tribes?
Last night Japanese forces attacked Hong Kong.
". What is your definition of ""life force""?"
That is not direct responsibilty to the constituents.
"The ideology was built around violent expansion, so yes - VIOLENT expansion."
Could this have been an enema?
my final word: ignoring has the effect of normalizing.
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
"SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a ""building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."""
"Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said."
"Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday."
"In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent."
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
"But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east."
"Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing ""If I Could."""
"South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected  62 percent of them female."
"An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people."
"AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect."
"She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions."
"The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user."
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
"Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville."
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
"Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages."
"A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said."
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
"General Myers told reporters that ""at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken""."
"Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days."
"Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering."
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
"Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share."
"""For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents,"" according to extracts released yesterday."
"In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said."
"Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer."
"Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried ""Allahu Akbar"" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom."
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
"About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight."
"Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot."
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
"""Fighting continued until midnight,"" western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday."
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
"US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field."
"We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said."
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
"Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68."
"Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq."
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
"In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat."
"And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled ""Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."""
"Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children."
"Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat."
"After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close."
"A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free."
"Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive."
"Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike."
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed 4.1 billion merger.
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
"Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser."
"A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate."
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
"Officials at Brandeis said this was an ""extremely heartrending"" time for the campus."
"The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel."
"He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington."
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
"Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share."
"""But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."""
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995."
"Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster."
"Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was ""a victim of fraudulent action""."
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
"""My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."""
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
"Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place."
"After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas."
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
"The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe."
"Abbas told the summit he would end the ""armed intefadeh,"" renounced ""terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be"" and alluded to the disarming of militants."
"Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, ""The academy is shocked and saddened."
"Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier."
"Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing."
"""I think it should have been released years ago,"" said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine."
"CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were ""defined by dedication and courage."""
"But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million."
"Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him."
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
"""These are dark days for our industry,"" Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement."
"The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain."
"The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands."
"It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services."
"In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters."
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
"BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press."
"The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries."
"The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent."
"But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him."
"Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09."
"North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings."
"The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks."
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
"They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia."
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
"Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service."
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
"In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion."
"The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday."
"""It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation,"" said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named."
"No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday."
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
"The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05."
"But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says."
"""It's going to happen,"" said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte."
"He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video."
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
"As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine."
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
"The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646."
"He told the jury Stubbs is a ""cold, calculating killer."""
"Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent."
"A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron."
"The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity."
"In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program."
"""We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States,"" Moqtada al-Sadr said."
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
"Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent."
"Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season."
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
"Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said."
"The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53."
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
"""Three Weeks in October"" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started."
"Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent."
"The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study."
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
"While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan."
"Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for."
"The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday."
"Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial."
"On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad."
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
"Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period."
"A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them."
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
"Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths."
"Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs."
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
"The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed."
"He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday."
"Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1."
"""And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit."
"But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder."
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
"Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday."
"Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said."
"Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect."
"Prince is replacing Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman."
"The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion."
"Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10."
"In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark."
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions."
"The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance."
"The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations."
"""I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules,"" Parrish said."
"Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said."
"Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up."
"The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported."
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
"The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months."
"During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share."
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
"""This is extraordinarily fast,"" said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets."
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
"Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations."
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
"Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations."
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
"The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan."
"Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress."
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
"Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items."
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
"Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence ""feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there."
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
"Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers."
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
"Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers."
"Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002."
"The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August."
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
"But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: ""The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."""
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.
"Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him."
"Bush wanted ""to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing,"" White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday."
"Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association."
"""They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case."""
"""The gloves are off,"" said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill."
"Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany."
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
"American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed."
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
"The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album."
"""Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously,"" he added."
"Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading."
"Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange."
"The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December."
"The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday."
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
"Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty."
"He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls."
"Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment."
"Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: ""I am absolutely delighted."
"The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres."
"""We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place,"" declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn)."
"However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977."
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
"""This deal makes sense for both companies,"" Halla said in a prepared statement."
"Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter."
"Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday."
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
"Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel."
"The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans."
"""Im very proud of the citizens of this state,"" Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesdays referendum were counted."
"Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters."
"He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23."
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
"Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said."
"Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report."
"In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue."
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
"Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool."
"The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004."
"The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea."
"The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003."
"The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes."
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924."
"Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N ."
"Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999."
"""We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States,"" Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque."
"In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote."
"The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census."
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
"St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company."
"Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial."
"They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement."
"Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: ""We had a big contract negotiation."
"With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning."
"The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak."
"The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation."
"On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra."
"The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagin was a member, welcomed his release."
"Glover said the killer used a ""peculiar slipknot"" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims."
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
"In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory."
"A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion."
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.
"Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million."
"That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said."
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.
"The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97."
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.
"But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."""
"Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo."
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.
"One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday."
"On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603."
"During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million."
"The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning."
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.
"The 2000 Democratic platform supported ""the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."""
"Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55."
"Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks."
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
"Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said."
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
"Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent."
"So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired."
"The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world."
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
"When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined."
"While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each."
"The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services."
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
"In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors."
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
"The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush."
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
"In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC."
"The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general."
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
"The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared."
"""Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."""
"The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath."
"Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house."
"The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May."
"Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was ""evidence a body or bodies have been in this area""."
"Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills."
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
"Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth."
"The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine."
"Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said."
"Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida."
"There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6."
"SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200."
"The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers."
"The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls."
"He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused."
"The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points."
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
"The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93."
"We don't know if any will be SARS,"" said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety."
"Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros."
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
"""We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing,"" said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager."
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
"""But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."""
"Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue."
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
"Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin."
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
"""Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing,"" Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology."
"A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year."
"In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set."
"The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months."
"Druce will face murder charges, Conte said."
"That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period."
"Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick."
"We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."""
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
"There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday."
"""We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."""
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
"Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final."
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53."
"No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment."
We think they have the right to choose.
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" investigating board member Scott Hubbard said."
"""This child was literally neglected to death,"" Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said."
"Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser."
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
"President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday."
"Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies."
"He said European governments ""have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears."
"One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote ""Yes"" or abstain."
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
"Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450."
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
"Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy ""could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth""."
"For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family."
"The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said."
"WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: ""It looks very much like an isolated event."""
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
"The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon."
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
Three no votes would kill it for now.
"Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network."
"To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com."
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
"And now it's anything he wants to say,"" Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week."
"The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion."
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
"By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002."
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
"Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54."
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
"If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts."
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
"Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said."
"Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported."
"Smith said simply ""Oh, my God,"" in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall."
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
"""He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words,"" daughter Linda Hope said."
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
"""They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous,"" said the Oscar-winning film director."
"A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung."
"In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment."
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
"Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java."
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
"Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel."
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
"Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call."
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
"Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, ""I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."""
"Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years."
"Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo."
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
"Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment."
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
"Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission."
"In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47."
"In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher."
"The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53."
"Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries."
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
"Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol."
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
"Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots."
"At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23."
"Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found."
"Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent."
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
"As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee."
"The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time."
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
"Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick."
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82."
"""Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay."
"""There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here,"" Gehman said."
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
"At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi."
"On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943."
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
"Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was ""very methodical."""
"""This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage,"" said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board."
"""We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision,"" Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said."
"Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians."
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
"He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said."
"The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday."
"IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19."
"Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned ""the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."""
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
"Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year."
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
"The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said."
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27."
"Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said."
"Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball."
"Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately."
"The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m."
"""Fewer than 10"" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said."
"Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong."
"University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, ""Our fundamental values haven't changed."
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
"Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia."
"When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right,"" said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor."
"Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said."
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
"The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34."
"Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail."
"MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning."
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
"Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60."
"With all precincts reporting, Fletcher  a three-term congressman from Lexington  had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote."
"In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms."
"On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand."
"The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994."
"As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation."
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
"The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months."
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
"Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got ""at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."""
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
"Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed."
"The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal."
"The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi."
"Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison."
"Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him."
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
"When the bomb exploded at the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo."
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
"If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty."
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
"The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded."
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
"Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe."
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86."
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
"Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents."
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
"Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken."
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
"However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made""."
"The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research."
"Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to."
"The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium."
"So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said."
"The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent."
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
"Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share."
"Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder."
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
"Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving."
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
"Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city ""Sleepless Summer"" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge."
"""I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job,"" she said."
"The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as ""legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful""."
"Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices."
"During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion."
"Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor."
"The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005."
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
"""I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California,"" Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans."
"The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week."
"Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder."
"Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy."
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
"Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the groups Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date."
"""Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer,"" it said."
"Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway."
"On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks."
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
"Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed."
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
"Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said."
"Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces."
"After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend."
"Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted."
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
"Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld."
"The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao."
"The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period."
"Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham."
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
"Get it all out,"" says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City."
"The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server."
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
"In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share."
"From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages."
"Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia."
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
"Additionally, the h2210s cradle has room to charge a second battery."
"One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word ""refugee"" in an English/Turkish dictionary."
"""Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism,"" Mr Howard said."
"In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales."
"Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed."
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
"""The figures are becoming catastrophic,"" said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians."
"""Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough,"" Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom."
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
"Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion."
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
"The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network."
"Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently."
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
"London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: ""We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."""
"It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt."
"Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty."
"Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: ""I tore my family apart."
"Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said."
"But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there."
"Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares."
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
"The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic."
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
"People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."""
"Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered."
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
"WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test."
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
"In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."""
"A spokesman said: ""Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police."
"Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe."
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970."
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
"""It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances,"" Burke said."
"Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market."
"By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released."
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
"The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15."
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
"Added Mr. Prodi: ""Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."""
"""I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him,"" Kerry said."
"Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq."
"Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada."
"""This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved,"" investigation board member Steven Wallace said."
"""Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through,"" she said."
"""There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN,"" he said."
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here,"" he said to loud applause."
"On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon."
"Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher."
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
"In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor."
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55."
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
"The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions."
"In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques."
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
"A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her."
"The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas."
"SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor."
"Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday."
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
"The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast."
"""Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant,"" they announced at a press conference yesterday."
"Still, the ""somewhat ambiguous ruling"" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said."
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
"That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51."
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
"Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate."
Doctors have speculated that the bodys own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
"Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound."
"In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation."
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
"The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said."
"Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14."
"Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as ""Thank You!,"" ""Re: Details"" or ""Re: That Movie."""
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data."
"Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba."
"Is it in the food supply?"" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis."
"During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin."
"On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."""
"Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee."
"Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18."
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
"He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night."
"The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site."
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
"Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close."
"Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp."
"Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day."
"According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures."
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
"The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86."
"His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated."
"It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25."
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
"The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes."
"International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people."
"Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo."
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
"""I notice a mood change in their priorities,"" one politician said."
"Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible."
"The network is also dropping its Friday night ""Dateline"" edition."
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
"The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak."
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59."
"As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round."
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
"The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36."
"Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market."
"The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government."
"Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus."
"Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14."
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
"Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach."
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
"With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15."
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
"""There is the real potential for a secondary collapse,"" Gov. James McGreevey said."
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
"""People are obviously inconvenienced,"" said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety."
"The others were given copies of ""Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution"" and told to follow it."
"The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment."
"Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan."
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
"Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million."
"Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures."
"The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright."
"When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people."
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
"""I really liked him and I still do,"" Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday."
"For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent."
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
"Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address."
"Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales."
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
"Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony."
"The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share."
"Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water,"" police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women."
"According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June."
"""This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally."""
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
"The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain."
"MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found."
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
"The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year."
"The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue."
"GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory."
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
"The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum."
"The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a ""high level"" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts."
"The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60."
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
"The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75."
"While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida."
"On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded."
"""I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier,"" James said."
"According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker."
"Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share."
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69."
"It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation."
"Mr Alibek said: ""Our outcomes are very encouraging."
"A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub."
Wells other series include NBCs ER and Third Watch.
"Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada."
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
"She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren."
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02."
"Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it."
"The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March."
"Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday."
"""Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable."
"""It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap,"" King said."
"And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant ""no""."
"Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher."
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
"""If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you,"" said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco."
"Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis."
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
"Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines."
"Revenues for ""The Hulk"" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, ""X2: X-Men United,"" which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend."
"Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m."
"The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2."
"The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday."
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
"Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion."
"In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume."
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
"""What can I say to you?"" he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families."
"She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death."
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
"Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation."
"U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq."
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
"The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches."
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
"This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society."
"In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat ""who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."""
"The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001."
"A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did."
"Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV."
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
"The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties."
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
"""It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan,"" where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker."
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
"He urged Congress to ""send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."""
"Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group."
"Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York."
"""PNC regrets its involvement"" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement."
"CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election."
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build."
"Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe."
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
"The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said."
"They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches."
"""We've become like total strangers,"" Klein quotes him as saying."
"Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08."
"""It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces."
"""Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."""
"According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce ""Terri's Bill"" during the special session Monday."
"Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs."
"Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen."
"Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion."
"For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations."
"After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission."
"Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial ""Robin Hood"" plan for school finance."
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
"Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call."
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
"Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1."
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
"The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins."
"Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody."
"""Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud,"" prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press."
"Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses."
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
"""The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead."""
"While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998."
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
"Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef."
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
"Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action."
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
"Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft."
"After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech."
"For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent."
"Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over."
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
"The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said."
"The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52."
"Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows."
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
"""The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security,"" said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department."
"Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client ""did not wake up that day"" intending to hurt anyone."
"""We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment,"" Daschle wrote."
"Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found."
"In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced."
"He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings."
"About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said."
"""The issue has been resolved,"" Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman."
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
"Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89."
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
"The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World."
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
"He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade."
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
"OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million."
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
"The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation."
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
"Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had ""delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms""."
"Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket."
"Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony."
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
"Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age."
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
"Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea."
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
"Talabani told him the Governing Council would ""need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."""
"Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb."
"The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided."
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931."
But they dont realize that until its too late (of course) because theyre potential victims in a horror movie.
"Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal."
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
"Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates."
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
"With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify."
"Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man."
"""This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting,"" said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister."
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
"The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter."
"The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King."
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
"Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year."
"But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery."
"""If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism,"" he said."
"If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs."
"According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub."
"Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C."
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
"A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago."
"The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls."
"""Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so,"" chief executive Marce Fuller said."
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
"Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument."
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
"The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13."
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
"The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer."
"Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call."
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
"The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said."
"Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull."
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
"It seemed like an isolated incident,"" said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science."
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
"TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said."
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
"Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed."
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
"A 32-count indictment ""strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,"" U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said."
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
"A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director."
"I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis."
"Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit."
"Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research."
"The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange."
Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton.
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.
"Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent."
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.
"Hong Kong was flat, Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent."
"SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ""ELF"" and other slogans, and another was set ablaze in front of a house, Sgt. Tom Wright said."
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
"The pill, which they call the ""polypill,"" would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid."
"""They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away,"" he said on Sunday."
"At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements."
"Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge."
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.
"Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard."
"Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool."
"He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought."
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
"KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: ""The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals."
"Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent."
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
"Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday."
"Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents."
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
"However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them."
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
"The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100."
"Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week."
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
"Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer."
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
mexico wishes to guarantee citizens' safety.
spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce.
the treaty was first signed in 1990.
gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison.
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison.
santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour.
ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago.
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover.
russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe).
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders.
the center will be operational in august 2008.
brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers.
regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.
bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days.
georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week.
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran's state gas firm.
"the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe."
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia.
reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.
the drug is also known as ice or shabu.
"national, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons."
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.
russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty.
russian president putin signs decree suspending russia's application of european arms control treaty.
myanmar was formerly known as burma.
alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima.
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.
"human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers."
general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency.
alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract.
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space.
south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph.
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.
anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.
the deal has been in process for several years.
adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy.
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.
no other drug has become as integral in decades.
the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area.
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separatist region of trans-dniester.
there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency.
helmand province is the world's largest opium-producing region.
police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan.
2 of the individuals arrested were released.
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking.
berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe (cfe).
the osce meeting lasted two days.
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.
iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of
china is an important force for safeguarding world peace.
north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria.
a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for
kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington.
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
john duncan is great britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament.
the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union.
kashmir is divided between india and pakistan.
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race.
kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming.
russia ratified the amended treaty.
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks.
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir.
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil.
north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan.
abuja is the capital of
the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program.
tirana is the capital of
"in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers, arrest 2, and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine."
iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes.
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.
china is north korea's closest ally.
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.
goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security.
cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers.
activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity.
restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.
zabol is a town in southeastern iran.
"detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police."
existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.
the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal.
myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014.
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.
"france provides the rockets, guns and engines."
"capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking."
bae systems is the uk's largest defense company.
lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue.
additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze.
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.
fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan.
government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country.
president dmitry medvedev's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies.
turkmenistan borders afghanistan.
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.
syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program.
amnesty international is a rights group based in london.
the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports.
the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful.
shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel.
paris is the capital of france.
an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity.
russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern
the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection.
china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.
the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue.
arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia.
the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans's space industry.
zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt.
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor.
"the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe."
estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin.
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (about 13.9 billion us dollars).
opium is the raw ingredient for heroin.
wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project.
the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism.
many of those executed in iran are hanged in public.
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.
the cfe is very important for european security.
indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region.
the matter is delicate.
last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe.
"the u.s., other western nations and nato condemned the violence."
indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons.
the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism.
myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.
india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas.
the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants.
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption.
vietnam has among the world's harshest drug laws.
"the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities."
"the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos, cambodia, australia, china, the united states and taiwan."
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar.
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty.
"the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between member states."
bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.
elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons.
the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake.
the cfe treaty was established in 1990.
the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty.
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime.
13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers' party (pkk).
the meetings lasted 2 days.
the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking.
the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran.
"hong kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer."
the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections.
the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006.
the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying.
it is a serious threat to international security.
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.
dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s.
"a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc., said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war."
"the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990."
many of the attacks originated abroad.
police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects.
if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.
egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction.
russia already participates in the european space agency's
myanmar is a military state.
it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison.
"amnesty international's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld, which opposes armed violence."
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only.
the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.
"the international community should modernize and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations."
amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar.
naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin.
29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.
the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment.
the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space.
"france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh)."
illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts.
"n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft."
elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.
drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law.
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.
"wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges."
united states officials do not know how far north korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed.
7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded.
"defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center."
the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan's government last week.
van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment.
zahedan is a city in southeastern
president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures.
china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships.
brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.
"variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) contain rocket launchers from belgium; rockets, guns and engines from france; brake systems from italy; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies."
indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases.
the iaea report is restricted.
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.
sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day.
the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government.
nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences.
blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers.
physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china.
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade.
the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon.
santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes.
do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility.
vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws.
government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective.
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty.
russia ratified the amended version of the treaty.
the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce's mission in kosovo.
elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief.
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old.
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue.
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years.
cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.
if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community.
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.
88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions.
sharia is islamic law.
"a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore, and officials stated the militants' network extends into indonesia."
in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan's nascent nuclear program.
according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems.
"naeem m. was hanged in zabol, sistan-baluchestan province."
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.
it will be hosted by the australian government.
"the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states."
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility.
the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government.
the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.
ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program.
the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program.
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba.
tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama.
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.
the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi's assets.
the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years.
a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.
putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia's security interests.
ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran.
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea.
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.
an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international.
"china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on ""dual-use"" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism."
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive.
the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military.
some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries' political systems.
"iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund."
a key european arms control treaty must be maintained.
the golden triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium.
the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail.
the meeting was 3 days long.
"the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation."
china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council.
north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons.
australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore.
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.
the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.
the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia.
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty.
china is a member of the ballistic missile club.
russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version.
this is particularly true in the poorest countries.
iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in
a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking.
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.
russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security.
"the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya."
at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union.
"the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents, sites."
the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image.
40 inmates are serving sentences for murder.
russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces.
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs.
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory.
lugar and nunn are senators.
officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic.
signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato.
"in early may 2002 officials from the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence."
"after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro, leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership."
"the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them."
the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures.
there is much concern over the drug.
"the amnesty international report suggested that-- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh, components or military technology to myanmar."
"capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage."
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform.
the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council.
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.
indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999.
"iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism."
3 suspected extremists were released on bail.
6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking.
this further aggravated the situation.
Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico
SC dismisses govt's review plea in Vodafone tax case
Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria's Homs
NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack
Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday
Israel ex-spy warns against 'messianic' Iran war
Eye Opener: Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law
NATO traces path out of Afghanistan
Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus
"Sachin Tendulkar says I'm not God, I'm Sachin"
Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge
Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea
"Teenager in China kills 8, wounds 5 in knife attack"
Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria
Knesset speaker: Obama reelection bad for Israel
Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'
Indian finance minister quits to run for president
Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
Three Tibetans self-immolate in western China: report
White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks
Annan warns talks of Syria risks
"Quartet calls on Israelis, Palestinians to end irritants"
Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics
Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen
China's Cabinet promises to boost economy
Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims
Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate
"Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten"
Suicide bombing rocks elite Yemen military camp
NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan
Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin's resignation
French election turnout higher than expected
Australia to establish the world's largest marine reserve
"Two U.S. soldiers shot, killed by Afghan soldier"
Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan
Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government
Egypts Coptic Church Names New Pope
Malawi Officially Confirms President's Death
Mali's Tuareg rebels declare independence
Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles
Egypt votes on final day of presidential election
Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive?
Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers
ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police
UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria
Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple
Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati
China news agency: Still hope for Syria peace
22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy
South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors
"US, allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks"
AOL says to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1.0 bn
Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee
Middle East: Israel: Hamas Leader Convicted
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building
Woman dies after abortion refusal
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts
I'll Have Another retired to stud
Syria journalists rescue bid fails
New sex claim hits Secret Service
Rimsha Masih released on bail
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon
Gains in financial stocks push up European equities
Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees
Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France
"No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra"
Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza
"18 killed, 108 wounded in wave of bombings in Iraq"
Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal
Hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over Israel
Rebel fighters 'capture' Syrian soldiers
Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist's care
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: USGS
What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men's final? All you need to know about the big game
New Jersey School Bans Hugging
Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska
'No Evidence' In Afghanistan Massacre Case
"Cash-rich Apple to pay dividend, buy back shares"
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY
Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent
Shares Move Higher on Wall Street
Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct
4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan
China stocks close mixed Friday
India bans bulk texts after riots
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre'  video
Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast
Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia
Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe
Man killed in French terror raid
Capello quits as England manager
One dead in Ohio school shooting
2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes
Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast
Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim
"The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012"
'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections
Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote: exit polls
Syria tells Russia some troops have pulled out of Homs
Nigeria plane crash: No survivors
Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39
Strong earthquake hits Mexico
"Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings"
Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan
Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast
"Chicago teachers strike: Vacations for students, for good or ill"
Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013
Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot
Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship
Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia
Syria urges refugees to return
US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan
Rupert Murdoch: I was the victim of a cover up
Barack Obama's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal
China's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday
Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars
Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule
Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in
"Man, 19, quizzed over teen murder"
"Israel kills Hamas commander, bombs Gaza targets"
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre'  video
NATO Condemns Syria's Downing of Turkish Military Jet
Syria rebels attack Lebanese post near border: army
Five killed in China building collapse
Syrian forces launch new attacks
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries
Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91
Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor
Breivik drops far-right salute in court
Second teenager charged with murder
French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders
US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud
Hollande defeats Sarkozy in French presidency vote
Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence
Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law
S. Africa's former president Mandela discharged from hospital
UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria
Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election
"Donna Summer, the queen of disco"
"Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines, police say"
U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan
Mali future interim president readies to take office
"9 killed, 168 injured in latest Cairo clashes"
Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses
Court in Bahrain rejects medics' last rally appeal
Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard
Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite
JK Rowling launches her first adult novel
Algerian government parties dominate elections
Security official killed in Yemen
US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber; Apple falls
Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate: source
NATO sticks to transition roadmap in Afghanistan: Rasmussen
Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial
No blocks to investment
Blast kills 11 in northwestern Pakistan
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Nadal tumbles into French Open final
Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election
Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk
Obama team raises debate stakes
Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash
Thousands gather for new Russian anti-Putin rally
Google names new Motorola Mobility CEO
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast
Another rocket hits Eshkol; no injuries
Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
Assange appeals extradition to UK's top court
Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan
Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis
Mob kills man for burning Quran
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election
Sarkozy announces re-election bid
"US, UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks"
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
French Socialist Party wins parliament victory
"Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses"
Strauss-Kahn investigated in French prostitution ring
Romney wins Florida Republican primary
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan
2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China
Head of CIA resigns over affair
France's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring
Sony reports record annual loss
12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes
9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day
Barclays hit by fresh U.S. investigations
US closes embassy in Syria (AP)
EU heaps new sanctions on Syria
Russians rally against Putin's rule
Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests
China stocks open flat Monday
Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor
Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact
"Two German tourists, two pilots killed in Kenya air crash"
"Israeli, Palestinian negotiators quietly meet"
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82
Amnesty: Syria rebels also committing abuses
Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana
East German rights activist Gauck elected president
South Africa starts investigating mine violence
"3 dead, 27 injured in SW China accident"
Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory
Space legend Neil Armstrong dies
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Man arrested over double murder
Florida counties extend early voting
Warship sets sail for Falklands
"Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights"
Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike
Police: Four killed in German hostage taking incident
Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race
Syrian journalists killed in capital
GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels
U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site
American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract
Greek PM to announce new election
Government of Canada Supports Montral Women Leading Change
No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front: Congress
Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades
Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10
Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
"Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare"
BBC director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism'
Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
"In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope"
US pledge to rebuild Haiti not being met
Chinese stocks close higher Thursday
Greece to vote on 2013 budget; protesters gather
"U.S., EU Cautiously Welcome Iran's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks"
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence
Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries
Journalists hail London Olympics opening
Aust stocks open lower
WikiLeaks begins publishing two million Syria emails
Palestinians: 2 Gaza militants killed in Israeli airstrike on coastal strip
Mali's President Hands in Resignation
Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack
"FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq, February 1"
HRW: Jordan biased against Palestinians from Syria
Israel among top arms exporters in world: report
Egyptians to vote for new president
Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title
Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt
China stocks close mixed Friday
43 killed in bus crash
Putin sworn in as Russian president
China trade returns to surplus in March
Highlights of the Vice Presidential debate
"Full Episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise to Divorce"
Syrian regime denies role in Houla massacre
South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks
Nine killed in gun attack in Pakistan
"Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed"
Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation
Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic
Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film
Polls open in Russian presidential election
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy
Romanian president declared victory
Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy
Clinton lands in India to breathe life into ties
Mali interim leader takes office
Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote
AL renews condemnation on Syria's violence
EU slaps sanctions on Assad family
Air Force Instructor Faces Sentencing for Rape
More than 30 striking miners killed
Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets
Mali Islamists destroying 'more Timbuktu shrines'
China stocks end higher on PMI at midday
Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds
Man convicted in Vatican leaks case
"Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win"
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli
Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF
"Several dead, 550 injured in Argentina train crash"
Aung San Suu Kyi to address British MPs
Sheriff: Man recovers stolen car 42 years later
"Google CEO says Android important, not critical"
Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states
Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan
Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia
Romney vows to restore 'promise of America'
Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized
Mandela released from hospital
Jaya Prada all set to join BJP
Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film
Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title
Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%
Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis
Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns
"Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate"
First significant gas found offshore Kenya
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan
8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt
U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan
Polls close in Egyptian presidential election
Police 'did not link' Savile claims
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
James Murdoch quits BSkyB
Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91
Egypt presidential election May 23-24
Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast
UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre
AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks
AP Source: Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick
China says defense budget to rise 11.2% in 2012
String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32
Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum
US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack
Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed
Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election
"JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane, not guilty"
Tsunami warning: No need for SA to panic
US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities
Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark'
Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties
Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji
Obama and Romney focus on swing-states
'Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11
'Scores of bodies' found in Syria
Shooter charged with murder of US black teen
Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai
How wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials
Nigeria: Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre
Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout
Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria's Aleppo
France says Greece must show credibility for eurozone
Avengers sets box office record
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
Spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute
NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan
Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday
Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas
Mitt Romney wins Maryland GOP primary
Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen
Sylvester Stallone's son found dead in Hollywood
NATO: 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents
Russia jails Pussy Riot protest punks for two years
Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem
"The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012"
NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians
Hollande wins French presidential election
Military: Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel
Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade
"Syria peace plan conditions unacceptable, opposition says"
Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks
"9 dead, 11 hurt, 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche"
"Taliban pose as 'attractive women, on Facebook for spying"
China activist Chen lands in US
City Room: Empire State Building Shooting
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president
Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15
"Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30"
Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails
Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden compound
Sudan blames Israel for Khartoum arms fire
House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure
"Tropical Storm Isaac drenches Haiti, swipes Cuba"
Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank
"World stocks rise on hopes for EU, US stimulus"
"Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies"
World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline
South Africa police shot dead 30 miners
"Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida"
Britain reaches out to Syria opposition
Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants
Microsoft's Surface a big bet on future: Analysts
'Whitey' Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years
Mauritanian president shot by army unit
Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan
"9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa"
Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program
Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities: IAEA report
"Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, dies at 63"
"Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police"
At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes
Brazil's 'pop-star priest' gets mammoth new stage
Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election
Clinton ready to fight for Obama
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate
European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes
"Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others"
Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban
Gunman may have filmed school massacre
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.28%
Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base
Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis
Israeli military court rejects appeal of Palestinian hunger striker
Avengers sets box office record
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'
Putin casts ballot as Russians vote
"UN Chief Finds His Voice, Remains Cautious on China"
Libyans begin handing in weapons
British Archbishop of Canterbury changes career to Cambridge
"Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured"
George Zimmerman 'to be charged' with killing Trayvon Martin
Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast
Penn State football players react to sanctions
Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike
UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights
Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding
France warns Syria over chemical weapons use
Life-threatening Midwest storms feared
Chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework' agreement in place
Indonesian president to visit UK
Storm delays start of Republican convention
At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash: military
President Mills must quit - Lecturer
Miami Heat wins NBA Finals
Japan closes last nuclear reactor
Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus
Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney
Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters
"ArQule, Daiichi stop lung cancer trial, shares tank"
Teenager and father killed in crash
6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia
2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day
Officials: Romney to get Secret Service protection
Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing
Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan
Syrian Arab Republic (the): Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian Refugees (as of 28 June 2012)
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Afghanistan
Airlines cancel 'flytilla' activists' tickets to TA
Spain asks for bank rescue
The murky waters of the South China Sea
Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan
"SpaceX docks with International Space Station: Up next, public travel?"
'Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS
Syrian opposition in reconciliation talks
Sensex down 193 points on budget blues
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25pc to raise $15bn
Iran's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad
Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers: officials
Presidential vote polarises Egyptians
Three more US soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan
"Afghan, US govts sign deal on controversial night raid"
China mine accident kills 10
Australia can eclipse England in Windies
Protests at Pussy Riot verdict
Secret Service sees its 'biggest scandal' over prostitutes
Kuwait: Activists storm Syrian embassy; two injured
Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland
Key says marae visit a lost opportunity
Norway marks anniversary of massacre
Woman killed by falling debris
Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut
Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms
Obama to meet families of shooting victims
Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data: Reuters/Ipsos poll
"Two killed, 19 injured in Toronto shooting"
What the Pope's butler saw  aide arrested over Vatican leaks
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain in Moscow
Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M
Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start
Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing'
U.N. to take up Syria resolution
Soldier 'can't recall' massacre
Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
Syrian forces storm central town
Pak: 20 dead in anti-Islam film protests
Cause of Whitney Houston's death could take weeks
N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill
A Tale of Two Passes: How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl
One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza
Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis
Four seriously injured in M23 motorway crash
UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent
Dozens killed in Nigerian riots
Profiles of Egypt's main presidential candidates
Actor Gazzara dead at 81
British gold rush silences gripes over cost
Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers
Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say
Komen won't cut Planned Parenthood funding
Forex &amp; Gold 25 August 2012
Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue
Agribusiness: Mad cow disease found in California
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil
300 potential Jimmy Savile victims: police
Armstrong steps down from Livestrong
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan
Syrian govt wont stop attacks
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
Myanmar: Opposition claims Suu Kyi win
Obama's poll rating drops in boost for Republican rivals
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid
South Africa mine clash kills at least 30
"Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war"
Egypt presidential election results delayed
Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions
Arrested Russian killer denies ties to Pussy Riot
Norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims
US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal
Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14
"NKorea makes ""significant"" nuclear reactor progress - IAEA"
"Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests"
NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan
Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan's battle
"Navy jet crashes into US apartments, pilots eject"
China stocks open higher Wednesday
IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel
4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan
US teen held in Chicago 'jihad' car bomb plot
PC David Rathband: twin brother's fears for his 'bestest mate'
Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo
"20-member parliamentary, trade team leaves for India"
Wall Street Opens Lower
Europe shares bounce as more China stimulus seen
Stock index futures point to lower start
Man charged after MP hurt in attack
Nokia apologises for 'faked' ad
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan
Syria rebels leave besieged Homs
"U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia"
Egypt's Mubarak critical
Assad says mercenaries are behind Syria unrest
Japan PM dissolves lower house for election
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics
"Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six"
One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
Spain jobless rate hits new high
Turkey scrambles jets near border
Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land
"Civilian, defector killed in Syria, says NGO"
Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake
Bank of England's Paul Tucker tainted by Libor mess
Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid
Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus
German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal
"Bombings, clashes continue in Syria"
Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions
Usain Bolt wins 200m  Steven Howard reaction
Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday
7 dead in Christian school shooting
Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants
US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term
Armenians vote in parliamentary elections
Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building
Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary
Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report
US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer
6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy: USGS
US gov't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists
Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice
Rangers voted into Division Three
Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire
F1 protests in Bahrain
New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday
Homs mortar fire kills 105
Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting
"Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5, wound 50"
US lawmakers take next step on new Iran sanctions
Barack Obama admits US has 'more nuclear weapons than we need'
2 rockets hit in the Eshkol region; no injuries
'Betrayed' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures
DR Congo rebels kill park rangers
Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush
74 dead in Egypt soccer violence
Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead
Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica: NHC
Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting
Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets
Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy
Weak earnings drag stocks lower
6.8 quake strikes off Solomon Islands
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
Friends of Syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of Syrian people
Weiner stays in NYC mayor's race amid new sexting scandal
Death toll rises in Russia plane crash
Indian media: Commonwealth summit
Syria military police chief defects to opposition
Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire; stock takes a beating
Yvette Cooper backs gay marriage bill
Five killed in Belgian coach crash
Gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in Nigeria
Swiss tourist 'gang-raped' in India
"Palestinians clash with Israeli forces in West Bank, Jerusalem"
Israel planes strike inside Syria
Iranians Vote in Presidential Election
100 killed in new Darfur tribal clashes
Protest against US drone strikes in Pak postponed
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
Carney sets high bar to change at BoE
8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse
Suicide bomber kills 3 at US base in Afghanistan
"Afghans flock to colleges, even as Taliban loom"
North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South
"Apple revenue misses again, iPhone disappoints"
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer
Matt Smith to leave Doctor Who after 4 years
Generations divided over gay marriage
23 killed in Iraq car bombings
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries
Taliban attacks kill 17 civilians in Afghanistan
Egypt minister survives assassination attempt
Ex-first lady Barbara Bush leaves Texas hospital
Schumacher in a coma after ski accident
11 killed in Chinese police station attack
Bradley Cooper and JJ Abrams in talks about filming a Lance Armstrong biopic
"Boeing airliner crashes in Russia, 50 killed"
EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal
Thai opposition party to boycott general election
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army
"Jagan Reddy shifted to hospital, power crisis continues in Seemandhra"
Central African Republic president overthrown by rebels
Brazil tied 2-2 by England as Maracana re-opens
"California wildfire: 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage (+video)"
George W. Bush warns against bitter immigration debate
"Mandela hospitalized, responding to treatment"
Russia condemns North Korean nuclear test
Hundreds of Bangladesh clothes factory workers ill
Yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers
18 trapped in Russian coal mine blast
Thai protesters break into army headquarters
Israel conducts airstrike on Syria
Police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Tunis
Egypt's main opposition rejects president's call for dialogue
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
Housing starts up 6.8% in May
&gt;Cuba's Castro assumes CELAC presidency
6.9 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand
Dozens feared trapped in India building collapse
Daily Press Briefing: South Sudan
Islamists attack north Mali city after suicide bombings
Britain set to deport of Abu Qatada
French parliament backs reform of law on prostitution
"Shots, Explosions Heard as Thais Continue Protest in Bangkok"
Israeli military focuses on northern border
North Korea blocks Kaesong access
Manning sentenced to 35 years in prison
US Senate approves fiscal cliff deal
"Zimmerman stopped for speeding in Texas, released with warning"
Iran's Rouhani warns of Talibanisation in Syria
Syria denies reports of deadly Damascus nerve gas attack
China stocks close higher after economic meeting
Russia unveils $30 billion oil link to Pacific
"Police kill gunman, find 3 more dead in Colo. home"
Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion
7.2-magnitude quake hits Pakistan: CENC
Asteroid zips between Earth and satellites
Fight for Mali Town Reflects Islamist Tactics
Two Santa trackers competing this Christmas
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport
"2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq"
Can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons?
Mexican singer Jenni Rivera believed killed in plane crash
Bangladesh court sentences first lawmaker to death for war crimes
Mugabe declared winner of disputed elections
Death toll climbs to 15 in Indonesia boat sinking
Egyptian court bans Muslim Brotherhood
Rouhani leads in Iran presidential vote - preliminary results
Police attacked in Belfast flag protests
S.Korea proposes 'final' N.Korea talks over Kaesong
"India gang-rape victim ""struggling against the odds"""
"Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani"
Statement by the Spokesperson of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the latest spate of attacks in Iraq
Egypt increases security before pro-Morsi protests
Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release
Palestinians build another West Bank tent protest
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 362
Israeli envoys summoned over settlement plans
"2 dead, 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting"
Hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect
Man arrested after police officer shot in Leeds
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests
Obama to refocus on economy in State of the Union
Google launches internet-beaming balloons
Iraq Backs Egypt Crackdown on Morsi Supporters
Russia gives initial OK to American adoption ban
Five convicted in Kosovo organ trafficking case
"Hrithik Roshan, wife Sussanne part ways"
Gunman Among 7 Dead After Florida Apartment Shooting
Obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address
Wave of bombings kills 15 in Iraq
"In shock move, Obama puts Syria strike on hold"
Israel strikes Syria as tensions rise on weapons
Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan
The San Francisco plane crash at a glance
8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse
X'mas cruise passengers hit by Norovirus
Murder claim over Diana's death New information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered
Snowden asks to stay in Russia
Chinese shares close lower Wednesday
Stomach bug to cause ailing Nadal to miss Australian Open
Narendra Modi pledges tough stand against Pakistan
Egyptian court considers Mubaraks release
Boy Scouts delay decision on admitting gays
2 car bombs kill 8 in southern Iraq
Van der Sloot to Marry in Prison
Tokyo stocks close down 0.26pc
China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013
Palestinians 'hit' by Israeli fire in Gaza
Jesse Jackson Jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud
USA expels Venezuela diplomats in row
BBC veteran Hall admits child sex abuse
"7 killed, 3 injured in south China road accident"
Ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year
Stocks to watch at close on Monday
50th anniversary of JFK's death remembered
6.3-magnitude earthquake hits Taiwan
Books To Help Kids Talk About Boston Marathon News
Tech Sector Heats Up: Google and IBM Post Strong Earnings
Profiles of Kenya's presidential candidates
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners
"Philadelphia building collapses, 8-10 people may be trapped"
Obama meets with Mandela family
U.S. Senate sets off gun control debate
Car bombing kills 53 in Damascus
'Friends of Syria' in Doha talks on arming rebels
Syria condemns Israeli air strikes.
Egypt's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities
"ABVP protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, throw stones"
Turkish PM urges to end protests in Istanbul
Two men charged with terrorism offences
EU receives Nobel Peace Prize
Start of San Fermin bull-running festival briefly delayed as view obstructed by Basque flag
"Up to 21, mostly foreigners, killed in Kabul suicide attack"
Former LAPD officer sought in Irvine slayings
Tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower
Pakistan court demands 'blasphemy' rampage answers
"Intel's McAfee Buys Cloud-Based, Networked Firewall Specialist Stonesoft For $389M In Cash"
4.1 magnitude quake strikes U.S
Bangladesh Opposition Leader Sentenced to Death for War Crimes
Alleged cop killer died from shot to head
"Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties"
Musharraf arrested in Lal Masjid case
Iran hopes nuclear talks will yield 'roadmap'
35 militants killed in Afghan raids: official
North Korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles
Thai protesters obstruct vote; 1 dead in violence
Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer
North Korea's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status
North Korea conducts third nuclear test
Indian stocks open flat
Macau Gambling Revenue Hits Record $38 bn in 2012
"Israelis, Palestinians resume talks in US"
Nelson Mandela memorial service
NM County Prepares for Same-Sex Marriages Hearing
Four U.S. Air Force helicopter crew members killed in UK crash
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
Malaysia detains Australian senator at airport
South Korea Says North Fired Missiles
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France
US warns Syria on chemical weapons
37 killed in bus crash in Italy
China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD
U.S. recognizes Syrian opposition
Egypt votes in new constitution
Preston and England legend Tom Finney dies at 91
Car bomb kills one and wounds five in Benghazi
Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan
Sri Lanka's Tamils Vote for Greater Autonomy
French-led troops close in on Timbuktu
Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
N Korea to halt work at joint industrial zone
"Delhi Gang Rape Suspect 'Beaten, Poisoned'"
France pledges military aid in Mali
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution
Reid cites 'tremendous progress' in debt ceiling talks
6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani
"One dead, 11 hurt in LA car chaos"
Chairman of easyJet to step down
Obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal: aide
Suicide Bomber Kills 14 at Afghan Province Council
Committee nears final big immigration decisions
US Troops Killed in Afghan Insider Attack
Mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter
"Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster"
Tunisian opposition politician shot dead
UN presses need for major boost in Syrian aid
Stocks soar on Wall St lead
George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder
Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow
"17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq"
Insiders Reveal 2012 Election Secrets
Royal sorrow over nurse's death
N Korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch
Critical Gates memoir rocks Obama administration
Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges
Purge sends chilling message to North Korea's elite
South Africans mark ailing Mandela's 95th birthday
Obama declares health care law is working
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding
Thousands protest gay marriage
Taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years
Iran nuke talks begin amid hopes of progress
Thai political protests paralyse more ministries
Amazon's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $250 million
Obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations
Israel vows to deny Hezbollah after air strike
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria
More French soldiers to Central African Republic
UN resolution orders Syria chemical arms destroyed
Exclusive-UPDATE 2-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
David Beckham to retire at end of season
Libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries
6.0-magnitude quake hits Greece -- USGS
Search after man swept into sea
Militants stage Pakistan jailbreak
"Meteorite hits central Russia, more than 500 people hurt"
Blizzard brings US northeast to a halt
NATO protesters acquitted of terrorism charges
'Credibility on the line over Syria'
Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan
Egypt interior minister survives bomb
China's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against USD Thursday
Obama holds talks over Syria action
Egypt 'freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'
Zen Report: Ain't easy being high maintenance
Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM
Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood
Venezuela assembly meets amid Chavez health crisis
Syria opposition threatens to quit talks
Suicide bomber kills policeman in Pakistan
Anti-government protesters storm the streets of Kyiv
Chicago man to be sentenced for terror convictions
US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan
"Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay"
Manning Sentenced to 35 Years for Leaking Government Secrets
UK police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash
Suicide bomber kills 13 in Russia's south
"41 killed, 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq"
"Kerry to visit Jordan, Israel-Palestinian peace on agenda"
Eurozone jobless hits fresh record high
"Nelson Mandela's real hero was not Gandhi, but Nehru"
"Facing Bailout Tax, Cypriots Try to Get Cash Out of Banks"
Obama signs up for Obamacare
Lance Armstrong confesses all to Oprah
"Andy Murray deserves knighthood, David Cameron says"
Hushen 300 Index closes higher -- Oct. 14
US State Department faulted over Benghazi
Soccer-France to host Australia for first time in October
Honduran ambassador to Colombia sacked after wild party
Syria must destroy chemical weapons
Moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean
Three Afghans killed in suicide attack
"Suicide Bombs Hit Egypt Military in Sinai, Kill 6"
Asian markets gain on upbeat US economic data
Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally
Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes
Students take a ride on airwaves
Pistorius officer dropped from case
Vinnie Jones reveals cancer battle new
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
Dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central Syria
"Gunmen kill one soldier, injure two others in Pakistan"
Police confirm how suspect was captured
Destruction of Syria's chemical weapons begins
Flooding in Canada forces evacuation of another city
UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty
Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'
"Obama coming 'to listen' to Israel, Palestinians"
The e-mails - Oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister
Death toll in Nigeria police attack rises to 30
Syria 'to declare chemical weapons and sign convention'
Australia to scrap soaring national debt ceiling
Asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of US debt deal
Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns
South Africa Admits Mistake Over 'Schizophrenic' Mandela Signer
Iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks
Crowds Gather in Bethlehem for Christmas
Seven peacekeepers killed in Sudan's Darfur
NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border
US stocks tumble on third day of shutdown
Guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll
NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack
Israeli soldier hits Palestinian child in Hebron
UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria
Egypt Army Launches New Air Raids on Sinai Militants
French forces attack al-Qaeda's Mali allies
Egyptian police fire tear gas at Brotherhood protesters
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference
Dozens injured as Boeing 777 jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
13 children die in fire Myanmar mosque fire
US Senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears
Man with knife arrested at entrance to Buckingham Palace
5 people buried in Colorado avalanche
Ban Ki-moon to Review Syria Chemical Arms Accord
Iraqi president in hospital due to health problem
Malaysia's long-ruling coalition hangs on to power
Explosions Near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting
"Hagel laments ""political"" changes to US defence budget"
"U.S. bans carry-on liquids, gels on flights to Russia"
Egypt's Brotherhood stands ground after killings
Nato troops kill two Afghan children
Iranian president calls for new nuclear talks
"Floods kill two, forces 75,000 from Calgary homes"
4 NATO Troops Killed in Afghanistan
Typhoon Fitow makes landfall in east China
Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital
Exit polls suggest Putin ally wins Moscow vote
Judge enters not guilty plea for James Holmes
At least 45 killed in Spain train crash
Chris Froome rides to Tour de France endgame
Apple app directs drivers to Alaska airport runway
Suspected US drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan
Francis begins papacy with prayer
US Senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive
Egypt's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as Its Leader
China's new stealth frigate commissioned
Iraq violence kills 11
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital
Britons released after kidnapping in Egypt's Sinai -sources
Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal
Israel faces European backlash over settlement plan
Obama jokes about himself at reporters' dinner
Allen responds to Farrow's abuse claims in letter
"More than 1,000 inmates escape from Libya's al-Kweifiya prison"
What is the nuclear option?
Forex &amp; Gold 6 March 2013
Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger
U.S. has determined Syria used chemical weapons
Snowden's father arrives in Moscow
Pakistani Taliban names new leader after drone strike
Twin bombings in Pakistan kill at least 40
Muslim Brotherhood supporter dies in Cairo clash
Facebook earnings jump 63% as mobile ads accelerate
Syria envoy calls for National Unity Government
Thirty-Seven Dead In Italy Tour Bus Plunge
"Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal"
China stocks end lower Thursday
Topless Women Protest Against Berlusconi As He Votes In Election
Indonesia: Schoolchildren among 14 killed by Indonesia volcano eruption
Deal reached on new Italian government
Obama mourns death of icon Nelson Mandela
Goa first step in Modis march to Delhi
Singapore stocks close 0.4% higher
Maldives holds fresh election for president
"Egypt announces arrest of 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood supporters"
New World Trade Center declared tallest building in U.S.
"What the Papers Say, Mar. 12, 2013"
Israel green-lights 1500 settler homes
Piers Morgan questioned by police
"Mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked, five accused arrested"
'Israeli' arrested in Yemen Mossad spy
Pakistani girls learn a hard lesson
Egypt's interim president appoints 2 advisors
China launches first air-to-air missile from chopper
UK confirms fears over Syria's chemical weapons
Egypt Crackdown Draws Condemnation
Egypt swears in new interim leader
Car bombing kills 17 in Pakistan
Senior Pakistani Taliban commander captured in Afghanistan
Driver in Spanish train crash faces questions from judge
Stocks close 0.39% higher
US releases initial report on fracking impacts on water
Russia 'alone' in blaming Syrian rebels for chemical attack: US
"Philippines, rebels reach wealth-sharing deal"
Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35
Imran to contest from four NA seats
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company Better Place to fold
Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game
Pro-Pak Taliban warlord killed in US drone strike
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria
South Korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into North
Up to 50 dead in Spanish train crash
Five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in Egypt
French train derails south of Paris
Former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan dies
Egypt votes on new constitution
Obama meets Mandela family as icon remains in hospital
Weak earnings drag US stocks lower in early trade
Three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub
Nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery
Rupee down 8 paise vs dollar in early trade
Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks
Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1:15 p.m. EDT
Indian stocks open lower
US readies possible solo action against Syria
Brief clashes with police in Belfast
China quake: Death toll rises
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
RI condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
Indian troops kill Pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control
Pope Benedict XVI Says Goodbye to Cardinals
Chinas new carrier extends military modernization drive
Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests
Tropical Storm Andrea zipping up the East Coast
Four dead in Indonesia train accident
Israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes
Miss New York wins Miss America crown
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum
US set for Obama inauguration
Suspected Saudi militant dies in Lebanese custody
Man sets himself on fire on the National Mall
7 killed in attacks in Iraq
Thousands protest gay marriage
India Ink: Image of the Day: January 27
US Capitol Hill on lockdown after shots fired
China's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone Opens
"12 killed, 25 injured in bomb blast in NW Pakistan"
Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
Chinese court upholds death penalties for Mekong murderers
Egypt protesters 'to be dispersed'
Gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kills 17
North Korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with Cuba
Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
Angela Merkel wins third term in German elections
South Korean Workers Start Leaving Joint Factory Zone
Senate to vote on moving ahead on Hagel nod
15 killed and scores injured in suicide bombing at Russian train station
Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy returns to stir up election
West hails Syria opposition vote to join peace talks
Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma
No deal on fiscal cliff as Obama goes on holiday
Syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town
Kerry: $4b Palestinian Economic Plan Could Work
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359
Dozens dead in Central African Republic fighting
Libya threatens army action against oil protesters
2 Turkish unions call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence
[Ticker] Fitch upgrades Greek credit rating
Gunmen ambush police boat in Nigeria oil region
Russians leaving Syria cross into Lebanon
"Two U.S. soldiers killed in ""insider"" attack in Afghanistan"
South African icon Nelson Mandela hospitalized
Pope Francis condemns global indifference to suffering
Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
Blast kills 10 young girls in eastern Afghanistan
"Kenyan police arrest key Al-Shabaab recruiter, financier"
Obama to announce gun control plans Wednesday
"Bombs kill two people, wound dozens at Boston Marathon"
Syrias chemical weapons could end up at sea
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka
Three freed in centre abuse probe
"Bomb explodes at Greek shopping mall, two people injured"
Six Australians killed in Laos plane crash
"Three dead, including gunman, in Maryland mall shooting"
UN confirms sarin used in Syria attack
7 killed in monster truck crash
Merkel Vies 3rd Term in Office in Germany Elections
Ex-Virginia governor Bob McDonnell charged with corruption
Sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for banned substance
"6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC"
Pakistan to release most senior Afghan Taliban prisoner
Egypt court orders release of Mubarak
American investigators waiting to question arrested Boston bomber
"10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident"
Bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites
Women to face higher car insurance premiums
"Tornadoes rip through Midwest, killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods"
China gives US regulators access to audit records
Singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent
"Iran, atomic agency in first talks since Rowhani election"
China's new PM rejects US hacking claims
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleads not guilty to Boston bombing charges
Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013
Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape
P.G. police seeking driver in crash that killed child
Egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls
Pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on Syria
East Timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings
Afghan legislators approve new election law
"In Pakistan, army adamant on fighting the other Taliban"
Egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers
South Africans Mourn as Mandela Buried
Witnesses hear 'loud booms' at Boston Marathon
Cryptic crossword - Saturday 27th April
Costa Concordia captain to be tried for manslaughter
Israeli Minister Slams Kerry's Boycott Warning
Angelina Jolie's aunt dies of breast cancer
Myanmars Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
10 Things to Know for Wednesday
"White House, defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts"
Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer
Former Zambian president arrested
US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair
26 Palestinian prisoners released from Israeli prison
Asian shares rally after string of upbeat data
"17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq"
Officer injured in India anti-rape protests dies
Cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets
Faction Names Bianca Ojukwu APGA National Leader
US Cannot 'Conclusively Determine' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria
Twelve killed as gunmen raid village
Egypt shuts down Muslim Brotherhood newspaper
Strong earthquake in western China kills 47 people
Snowden thanks Russia for asylum
Senate confirms Yellen as Fed head
French forces take key Mali town
Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia
'Large and extremely dangerous' tornado heads towards Oklahoma City
Hostage drama drags on after Alabama school bus shooting
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't
Pakistan's Malala leaves hospital to await surgery
two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area
Residents return to Texas blast site
South Africa prays for Nelson Mandela
Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide
Miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage
Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
Sniper waiting for result of appeal
Apple shares hit hard on iPhone disappointment
EU renews sanctions against Zimbabwe
occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians rebuff US peace talks blueprint
"Owners, others charged in Bangladesh factory fire"
Egypt set to lure Gulf investors
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria
"Palestinians, Jordan coordinate stances on peace talks"
Voting canceled in three provinces in tense Thai election
Obama cancels Moscow meeting with Putin
KLCI Futures traded mixed at mid-day
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Egypt court orders Mubarak release
Hollande 'threatens legal action' after affair allegations
Iranian exiles report deaths in Iraq camp
'Blade Runner' Pistorius to dispute murder charge
Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid
Egyptians vote on Islamist-backed constitution
Mexico swears in president amid violent protests
Helicopter crashes near rail station in London
Indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
Japanese planes flew into China's new defense zone
Typhoon survivors raid Philippine stores
Car Bomb Wounds 15 in Hezbollah Stronghold in Lebanon
RF FM urges Syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigners captured in Syria
"Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster"
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
Khan Said named as new Pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
Russia Destroys Over 75% of Its Chemical Weapons Stockpile
Iran earthquake death toll rises
Suarez set for Cup comeback
Maldives team in India to observe an election
Death toll rises to 6 as Storm Xaver batters northern Europe
Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner
Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage
TV weatherman Fred Talbot arrested over sex claims
U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Building collapses in India; 25 feared trapped
Somalia's Shebab claims responsibility for Nairobi mall attack
Syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town
Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners
Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo
Thai opposition protesters begin Bangkok shutdown
Spanish train crash driver to be questioned
France Hails Breakthrough after U.S.-Russia Deal on Syria Weapons
ISAF soldier killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends
Three dead in US marathon bomb
Swiss tourist gang-raped in India
India Braces for Massive Cyclone
Discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked Colorado shooting
Many killed in Japan road tunnel collapse
No plan to shut petrol pumps at night Moily
Clinton to testify this month on Benghazi attack
Tens of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv
Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talks
Thieves snatch English Channel swimmer's custom-made wheelchair
Three die after car crash at Tian'anmen
Singapore shares open lower on Friday
Obama pledges to reignite economy
"Two Earthquakes Hit Northwest China, 11 Dead"
'Whitey' Bulger given two consecutive life terms
Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
Pak missions in UAE gear up for elections
Bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500
Algeria hostage crisis ends; death toll unclear
Egypt ministry again urges end to pro-Morsi protests
South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital
China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD
Police question man in deadly LA boardwalk crash
Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest
Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing
Feds move to require car-to-car safety communication
North Korea shuns offer of talks
Prince Charles 'compares Putin to Hitler'
Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq
Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy
Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest
Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time
Snowden 'given refugee document by Ecuador'
NA Presidents message on the World Press Freedom Day
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185
Stocks to watch at close on Monday
Army jets kill 38 militants in NW Pakistan air raids
Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
Philippines holds second senator over corruption
German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks
Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies
Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects
Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum
Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47
Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels
Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah
"10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident"
Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests
Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli
Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'
Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack
U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public
Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13
Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94
Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies
3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case
Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela
Declines in US stock market moderate
"Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1, Injures 10"
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
"The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013"
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China
NYPD Twitter Outreach Backfires Badly
Turkish search ends as last missing miners found
Iran predicts failure of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks
Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award
Titanic Violin Nabs Record $1.4 Million
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage
JAL's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing
Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial
Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area
EU extends sanctions against Russia
"Cuba sees ""major role"" for foreign investment"
Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room
"Lebanon's PM forms 'unity cabinet' Lebanon's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office, taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am"
Iranian president makes debut on world stage
Cameron 'has no concerns' over halal meat
World's oldest man dies at 116
"GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows"
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47
Greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial
Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350
4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush
Beijing's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea
"Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists"
Moscow's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine's eastern border
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son
Nazi Gestapo chief 'buried in Jewish cemetery'
Swiss vote on highest minimum wage
Kevin Rudd sworn in as Australian prime minister
Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo
Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74
Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series
At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake
News is my Business
Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine
David Beckham to retire at end of season
Afghanistan: suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast
N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle
"EU, Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement"
Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam
Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes
U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town
Feds drop 'morning-after pill' appeal
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok
"Shooting, protests mar Thai voting"
China stock index futures close lower -- April 23
Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack
Israel ends airstrike case; Palestinians critical
Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions
Queen visits London soldier attack scene
India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal
Relief in Boston as second suspect captured
Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels
Saudi to give Lebanese army $3 billion
Red Cross workers released in Ukraine
Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition
Queen to name biggest ever carrier
Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali
Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash
U.S. retailers agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact
US government shutdown begins - live updates
Suicide bomber kills 14 in Afghanistan
China launches probe and rover to moon
All eyes on Khurshids trip ...
Australia cuts rates to record low
Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet
Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June
N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'
Chinese president meets Indian vice president
"Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck, police say"
Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59
China's Peace Ark departs for the Philippines Thursday
Iran dissidents 'killed in Iraq'
James Gandolfini dies aged 51
Nearly nine million people in 'severe debt'
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train
The new Cold War
Cuba's 'Ladies' to pick up EU prize 8 years late
Fourteen killed in Brazil bus accident
US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels
Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194
Israeli teens missing in West Bank
President mourns death of Mandela
"Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut, 7 killed"
Singapore shares open 0.31% higher on Monday
Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits
"Deaf customers sue Starbucks, say they're mocked"
Thousands evacuated in Moscow metro fire
"38 killed in rains, flash floods in Pakistan"
7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen
Iran excluded from Syria peace talks: UN
Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown
Canada train plot suspects reject charges
East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia
Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM
Moon rocks indicate earth's orb born of collision
BlackBerry loses US$965m in Q2
Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria
Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine
No argument with Jakarta on boats: Abbott
US believes Syria has probably used chemical weapons
Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech
Syrian war seen dragging on for years
Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean
"Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed"
"49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq"
Ukraine's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign
Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan
Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter
Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school
Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve
"World powers, Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks"
Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt
More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion
Philippines defers comment on Taiwan fisher attack
"Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service"
"Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians"
Russia releases Greenpeace doctor
Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year
17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party
China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC
France to ban child beauty pageants
"Today in History, Dec. 2"
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport
Death toll rises to 29 in India's Mumbai building collapse
Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks
Pro-Russians forces enter Ukrainian naval base in Crimea
Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field
No update on Nelson Mandela's condition
Ukraine: Nine people die in Kyiv clashes
US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls
Prince George is christened at St James's Palace
Monty Python to reunite for new show
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP
"Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead, police say"
Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing
Egypt poll: 98 per cent vote 'yes' for new constitution
"Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal"
Israeli forces arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raids
Hague 'concerns over conduct' of Zimbabwe election
Hong Kong stocks end higher
Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais
Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch
Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
"Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani"
'Western' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary
Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq
Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide
6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts
At least 11 killed in India building collapse
Egypt's presidential election begins
Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.
Italian parliament backs new PM
Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet
"Super Typhoon Haiyan, Strongest of Season, Slams the Philippines"
Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown
China to investigate EU wine exports
Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner
Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen
Asian markets mixed on China trade data
World's oldest person dies in Japan at 116
Foreign exchange rates in India
Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen
Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
"US, Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban"
"News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22  28, 2014)"
'It's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'
Iran's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan
U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January
Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands
Typhoon death toll rises to 3633
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine
Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'
Rock bands' plane makes emergency landing in Ill.
Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit
Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates
Gang violence kills 16 in Venezuelan prison
"US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153"
"Israel, Palestinians seek another meeting Monday: U.S. official"
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast
"Seamus Heaney, Irish Poet of Soil and Strife, Dies at 74"
Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers
Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine
Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia
Anthony Weiner slips to fourth place in new poll
India accuses China of crossing de facto border
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'
US top diplomat Kerry's wife rushed to hospital
Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor
Egyptian court considers Mubaraks release
"Suicide bomber kills eight, wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police"
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
More rain hampers Indian flood rescue
A look at major terror attacks in East Africa
Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire
Kim Jong-un Executed His 'Worse Than a Dog' Uncle
Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil
Mandela remains in hospital
South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial
Egypt votes on new constitution
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials
Vietnam detects signals from missing plane
Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard
Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru
Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 21
Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote
"Obama condemns Egypt violence, cancels military exercises"
Argentina declares mourning for flood victims
Prince's christening a blend of old and new
"What the Papers Say, May 20, 2013"
Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat
Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut
"U.S., allies to add sanctions against Russia over Ukraine"
Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent
Chinese premier meets Indian vice president
Algerian president in France for medical tests
Islamists still holding some 30 hostages as Kenya mall standoff continues
Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years
Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands
Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack
Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks
Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution
Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty
Didier Reynders on Syria
North Korea: experts call for dialogue  and say China must play a part
China stocks open higher Monday
Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokias X series unveiled
New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO
Mandela back in hospital in serious but stable condition
East Harlem explosion death toll rises
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests
Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station
Arsenal v Stoke City  live!
"Business news and markets: as it happened, April 17, 2013"
"Iran, world powers begin new round of nuclear talks"
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast
Workers killed in India building collapse
North Korea fires three short-range missiles
Car Bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing
"Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs"
Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change
Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China
Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion cash
India starts voting in world's largest election
Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12
Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73
Search ends for missing asylum-seekers
Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east
ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa
Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30
Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India
Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan
Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government
South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon
At least two killed in southern Egypt clash
Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...
Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad
Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad's Christian areas
China sets Bo Xilai trial date
Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan
Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes
Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Obama to sign up for Obamacare
General Electric posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial
'Trayvon could have been me'
China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands
Kerry's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates
Police: Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter
"Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria"
"Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal, investments during Japan visit"
US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions
Obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela
At least six dead in US shooting rampage
Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence
Israel downs drone from Lebanon
Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks
Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary
NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan
Conmen dressed as women steal cash
Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Found Hanged in Prison Cell
Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car
Bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8'
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal
Ukraine hosts unity talks
Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief
Red pandas short-lived zoo escape
Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners
Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales
Rio airport workers strike on eve of FIFA World Cup
Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed
"Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal"
Hot-Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia
"Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial"
Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon
"What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013"
Amazon launches new device for streaming video
Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister
Obama nominates new transportation secretary
China yuan weakens to 6.1059 against USD
French raid wine cellar for austerity auction
"US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons"
S Korea MPs to visit Kaesong complex
Algerian priest to lecture about Christian heritage in N. Africa
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5
Implications of Palestinian reconciliation
Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport
PCB appoints Waqar Younis as head coach
US makes case for action against Syria
Ankara protesters clash with police
"49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq"
Puerto Rican arrested for production of child pornography
Ukraine signs EU trade pact as Russia finalizes Crimea annexation
Assad warns Turkey of 'heavy price' for backing Syrian rebels
Indian stocks close lower
"19 killed, 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq"
Indian rape accused face verdicts
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks
Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army
Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30
Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision
Queen visits Britain's new prince
Ukraine: Three Killed In Parliament Protests
Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident
Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry
Fallen US firefighters brought home
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference
UK vote rejects military action
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct
Venezuelan president to visit China
Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat
Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands
Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress
Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith
Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats
"The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013"
Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals
Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery
"Japan starts hearing on sales tax, ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise"
"Three bomb attacks kill six soldiers, one civilian"
Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
Westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi
U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza
"6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC"
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday
Car Bombs Kill 58 in Iraqi Capital
Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally
"Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three, to rise"
Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK
Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday
Radio: Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release
Morsi's supporters reject plan
Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources
Obama condemns killing of 3 Israeli teens
"Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears"
Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades
Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite
"Three dead, 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse"
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday
India Ink: Image of the Day: July 2
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan
Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China
Ukraines pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy
Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit
Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria
Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours
Fire at South Korean bus terminal kills 5
"Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan"
Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution
Tokyo stocks open down 0.24%
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer
Shankill blast victims to be remembered
118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria
Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room in Canada
"Yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621"
Tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc
Iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks
Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey
Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE
Worlds largest building opened in west China
Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49
Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks
Poverty stats doubt Modi's development claims
Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine
Georgians vote for new president
"MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm"
EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group
Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement
"What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013"
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan
2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home
California governor declares drought emergency
Peace talks with Palestinians would take months: Israel official
17:02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings
"Two dead, more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse"
Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria
Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia
UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons
Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage
Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers
Pictures show completed Costa Concordia operation
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions
Australian PM Kevin Rudd calls election for 7 September
Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve
China will protect interests of foreign business
D.C. Votes to Decriminalize Marijuana
Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia
North Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle
Margaret Thatcher dies after stroke
"Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit, nuclear summit"
Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks
UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt
Stocks rise in early trading
FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November
Boston bombing suspect to appear in court
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42
Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs
Five charged with terrorism offences
President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016
"US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border"
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends
Quotations in the News
Philip leaves hospital after 11 days
Bone fragment 'could be King Alfred'
Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners
Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump
'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners
France Says Won't 'Shirk Responsibilities' in Syria
"Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video, no arrest"
China's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Man held after teen shot in Belfast
Police stop Maldives presidential election
Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria
Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors
Turkey president appeals for calm
North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea
Man dies in Co Donegal house fire
"Doha gas blast kills 12, injures dozens"
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election
India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21
Two French journalists killed in Mali
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
Israel and Hamas to observe brief Gaza truce
China's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence
Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120
Iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs
India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours
"3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel"
Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal
5 killed in S China road cave-in
South Africa president: Mandela is improving
"World News Update, what you need to know"
Syrian civil war in photos
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll
Imran blames rival for colleague murder
Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died
Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism
"Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria, 12 killed"
"Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460: UN"
Police fire teargas on Venezuelan vote protesters
Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq
Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM
Palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in Prague
Ukraine leader pledges crisis talks
7 killed in attacks in Iraq
US military presence in East Asia
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down
"At least 6 dead in Canada bus, train crash"
"Chinese president meets Greek PM, calling for stronger partnership"
AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance
Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic
"India, US to hold talks on China next week"
Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza
"Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, sentenced to six years in jail for corruption"
Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress
Egyptian protesters issue Morsi resignation ultimatum
5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics
China stocks open lower on Wednesday
US delays missile test as tensions rise
Fire in Beijing kills 10
"India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements"
Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats
"Heavy smog hits north China city, flights cancelled"
Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act
3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan
Sevens World Cup within Kenyas reach
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum
Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants
Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge
British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies
Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike
Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty
FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv
"Chinese envoy rebuts Vietnamese, Philippine accusations over South China Sea"
Four more people arrested over Australia's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate
"Obama moves to fill Fed board, taps Fischer to be No. 2"
Iran's president condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria
A society fraying at the edges
UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference
Italy bus crash death toll rises
Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies
Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections
Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues
Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village
World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines
"Palestinian hunger striker, Israel reach deal"
Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution
South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response
Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran
Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval
"Driver backs into stroller with child, drives off"
Spain Princess Testifies in Historic Fraud Probe
Senate confirms Obama nominee to key appeals court
U.N. rights chief presses Egypt on Mursi detention
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
Syrian Rebel Groups Battle Each Other in North
Mayawati demands president's rule in Kashmir
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill
"Rocks, Tear Gas Fly as Thai Protests Heat Up"
Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia
Six dead in Philippine restaurant blast
China army newspaper hits out at US's PRISM programme
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament
Two killed in Bahrain car explosion
Russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in Ukraine
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins
Couple marry in the UK's first Scientology wedding
Qatar's emir hands power to his son
"Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000"
Egypt braces for 'Friday of anger' after carnage
Red Sox Beat Tigers 5-2 to Advance to World Series
China lands Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon
Ukrainian parliament dismisses president
Venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions
"North Korea Warns Foreigners in South, Advising Evacuation"
Captain of sunken South Korean ferry arrested
"Cars, drivers plunge into river after Wash. I-5 bridge collapse"
"Death toll in Syria now tops 100,000"
"Communist rebels ambush Philippine police, kill 7"
"Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break, murder, says prosecution"
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day
Thai army declares martial law
Woman dies while riding roller coaster in Texas
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94
Over 100 dead as typhoon slams central Philippines
First post office savings bank ATM opens in Chennai
Israel agrees to 12 hour ceasefire
Quake of 6.2 magnitude strikes off Indonesia's Sumatra - USGS
British stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap
What makes India vote? Jaipur Lit Fest debates
White diamond breaks record in Hong Kong auction
Chinese satellite spots large object in search area
Hamas Urges Hizbullah to Pull Fighters Out of Syria
U.S. and Russia reach a deal on Syria's chemical weapons
"PSNI failed RUC officers, tribunal told"
Stocks edge lower following retail earnings
Police helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
US ups pressure on Israel as UN demands Gaza truce
Australian PM says 'Very confident' signals are from black box
Mandela's condition has 'improved'
Philippe becomes king of Belgium
India anti-graft party takes charge in New Delhi
Spain approves new restrictive abortion law
Obama orders Syria 'gas attack' inquiry
German ambassador's Athens residence shot at
Ukraine's jailed opposition icon Tymoshenko walks free
Oklahoma examines what went wrong in botched execution
Napolitano elected for second term as Italy president
UN court convicts 6 Bosnian Croats of atrocities
Saudi man with pressure cooker arrested at Detroit airport
North Korea says to put US citizen on trial
Thai protests escalate amid violence
Egypt imposes state of emergency after 95 people killed
Rallies demand 'Justice for Trayvon'
"UN warns of plight of women, children in Syria's Homs"
"Hagel, Dempsey face Congress over defense budget"
Sony to sell PC unit and cut jobs
Man kills 4 in Calif. before police shoot him dead
N. Korea Deports Elderly American
Search leader urges caution in findings related to missing Malaysian jetliner
"Mandela remembered by family, as stadium memorial service is planned"
Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks
Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
"Syria's PM escapes assassination try, regime says"
Jordan elected to take Saudi seat on UN Security Council
At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing
Police surround protesters in Belfast ahead of G8
George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder
"Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts"
Mandela spends third day in hospital
One killed in clashes at Muslim Brotherhood Cairo offices
Saudi Women To Protest Against Driving Ban
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine
Nelson Mandela hospital release reports 'incorrect'
World stocks rise on hopes Fed to keep stimulus
No winners in a war of sanctions
World Cup hit by new stadium death
Tata Nano and other Indian small cars fail crash tests
"Greece reaches agreement with troika, bailout tranche expected within days"
Murray ends 77-year wait for British win
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border - live
US to Determine Extent of Chemical Weapons Use by Syria
The covert war in Pakistan
Russia's Putin claims authority to invade Ukraine
Senior CPC official meets top DPRK leader's special envoy
Turkey unrest goes on despite end to park protest
Pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical
Singapore shares open 0.28% lower on Thursday
Who Is Jihadi John?
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Oct 4
US Attorney General Holder resigns
"U.S., EU Widen Sanctions On Russia"
Top Asian News at 2:30 p.m. GMT
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Wednesday
"Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse, officials vow"
US House Republicans elect Paul Ryan as speaker
Top Asian News at 4:00 p.m. GMT
Singapore shares open 0.83% higher on Wednesday
China treasury bond futures open higher Tuesday
US Attorney General Holder resigns
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 27
China on high alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
Saudi-led airstrikes hit Yemeni capital
Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes Nepal
Tokyo shares open higher over buoyant U.S. market
Iran's parliament backs nuclear deal
Hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years
Iraq bombings kill at least 26
Sierra Leone in Ebola lockdown
Tokyo shares open higher on buoyant U.S. market
"4 killed, several injured in SW China car accident"
"More than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in Mediterranean"
Lewis Hamilton Takes Pole for Russian GP
UN Security Council hears Yemen envoy's final ...
"Israeli forces arrest 21 Palestinians overnight, clash with locals"
"4 dead, 3 injured in east China road accident"
Markets Live: Waiting for China data
"Palestinians, Israeli police clash at Jerusalem's al-Aqsa"
Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers in Nigeria kill 24
The end of the Hong Kong protests?
Russian warplanes strike inside Syria
CCTV of gunmen in Tunisia museum attack
Live Blog: Ukraine In Crisis
Nigeria Votes in Tight Presidential Election
Prince William dons samurai gear on Japan tour
Micronesia vice president to visit China
Islamic State issues video of beheading of US hostage
Iran ends cooperation agreement with Pakistan
Teenager tests negative for Ebola
Texas sues over Syrian refugees
New US Sanctions Target Overseas Cyber Attackers
5 killed in Israeli air strikes in Gaza
Deadly Blast Rocks Coal Mine in East Ukraine
Greece bailout uncertainty weighs on global markets
Rooney helps Man United beat Everton 3-0 in Premier League
Hard-line Jewish leader shot in Jerusalem
Backstage Moves Intensify as Fight Against Islamic State Widens
Egypt: IPI Urges Release of Al Jazeera Journalist Arrested in Berlin
occupied Palestinian territory: Israeli Forces Continue to Shed Palestinian Blood in oPt
Libya: UN orders investigation into Libya rights abuses
Taiwan coast guard launches new ships as South China Sea tensions rise
Burundi police fire tear gas at protesters
"Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000"
Ashya's Parents Arrive For Extradition Hearing
Nigeria admits slow response in Ebola case
Thousands cross Austria-Hungary border
Kranjcar leaves it late to rescue QPR against Moses-inspired Stoke
Oscar Pistorius sentenced to 5 years in prison
Pro-Palestinian Activists March to UN Headquarters
Benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case
All 224 dead in Russian airliner mystery crash
Govt. to hold talks with FTII students
Li Na to announce retirement
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League
Iranian President praises nuclear deal
Boko Haram disrupts Nigerian elections
South Korea regrets North's refusal of talks
Plane Crash Site Search Called off for the Night
Obama queries Turnbull over China port deal
China's generous 1MDB bid seen reaping it big returns in Malaysia
Hezbollah targets Qaeda gathering along border with Syria
South Korea reports seven new MERS cases
Obama calls for international front against IS
"U.S. military says it conducts airstrikes against IS in Syria, Iraq"
Who abandoned 3 Boeing planes at the airport?
North Korea to put US citizen on trial
Hong Kong officials resume work as protests thin
Ebola UK: NHS staff 'panicked' after suspected Ebola cases
UK Leader Signals Support for Airstrikes on IS in Syria
N. Korea agrees to talks with South
"Iran, a large important partner for Russia: Novak"
Taiwan's president charters plane to pay respects to Lee
Two Palestinians die in attacks on Israelis ahead of Kerry visit
Thomas Cook accused of putting costs before customers
Narendra Modi 'photoshopped' image of Chennai floods visit goes viral
UN chief welcomes peaceful presidential elections in Guinea
Pakistan executions draw international ire
Two Australians killed in Kenya after bus crashed into river
"France shuts mosque, arrests man in crackdown after attacks"
Russian plane reportedly crashes in Egypt
Severe Gales As Storm Clodagh Hits Britain
Dozens of Egyptians hostages taken by Libyan terrorists as revenge for airstrikes
President heading to Bahrain
"China, India vow to further bilateral ties"
Putin spokesman: Doping charges appear unfounded
An air plane is taking off.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza.
Two men are playing chess.
A man seated is playing the cello.
Two men are fighting.
A man is skating.
The man is playing the guitar.
A woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing.
A person throws a cat on the ceiling.
The man spanked the other man with a stick.
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms.
A man is playing a bamboo flute.
Someone is folding a piece of paper.
A panda dog is running on the road.
A dog is trying to eat the bacon on its back.
A polar bear is sliding across the snow.
A woman is swimming.
A cat is rubbing against a baby.
A man is riding on a horse.
A man pours wine in a pot.
A girl is playing a guitar.
A panda slides down a slide.
A woman is eating meat.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A boy falls off his bike.
A woman is playing a flute.
A hare is running from a eagle.
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop.
A girl running is flying a kite.
A man rode a mechanical bull.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.
A man is slicing an onion.
A man is pouring oil into a skillet.
A lion is playing with two men.
A dog is riding a skateboard.
A man is carving a statue.
A man is cutting an onion.
A woman is peeling shrimp.
A woman is cooking fish.
A woman is playing a guitar.
A baby is playing with a doll.
A person is slicing some meat.
A person is cutting an onion.
A woman is playing the violin.
A man is playing the guitar.
A man is cutting up carrots.
A boy is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A boy is playing a guitar.
A boy is playing key board.
A man is playing an electric guitar.
A dog is licking a baby.
A man is cutting and onion.
A man is playing the drums.
A woman is cutting a red pepper.
A man plays the drum.
A woman is riding a horse.
A man is eating a banana.
A man is playing two keyboards.
A man cut a tree with an axe.
A little boy plays with a toy phone.
A man is riding a horse.
A man is riding a horse.
A squirrel runs around in circles.
A man and woman kiss.
A man is getting into a car in a garage.
A man is talking.
A man is playing the guitar.
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.
A tiger is walking around.
A person is peeling an onion.
A man is playing the trumpet.
A woman is peeling an apple.
A panda bear is eating some bamboo.
A person is peeling an eggplant.
The monkey pushed the other monkey.
A squirrel is moving in circles.
A man ties his shoe.
A boy is playing the piano.
A dog is eating a piece of watermelon.
A woman is chopping broccoli with a knife.
A man peeled a potatoe.
A man plays a guitar.
A man is slicing onion.
A woman is swimming underwater.
A man and woman is eating.
A dog is chasing a ball.
The men are playing basketball.
A man is riding on a motorcycle.
A man is singing and playing a guitar.
The man is talking on the phone.
A man is exercising.
A man is talking.
Two bays are dancing.
A girl is riding a horse.
A monkey is riding a bike.
A woman is peeling potato.
A man is slicing potato.
Someoen is playing guitar.
A woman is slicing ginger.
A man is cutting a paper plate.
A man is playing the flute.
The man is playing the violin.
A woman is breading some meat.
A man is playing a keyboard piano.
The lady cut up a green onion.
A woman is boiling noodles in water.
Lionel Ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling.
A person is playing the piano.
A woman plays on a flute.
A boy is looking at a calendar.
A woman is chopping onions.
A man plays a guitar.
A woman is sewing on a machine.
A cartoon chef is flipping pancakes.
A car is driving down the road.
A man is talking on a phone.
A man is riding on a horse.
A man is eating.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is playing a piano.
A man is dancing.
A monkey is swinging from tree to tree.
The people got off the train at the station.
A dog bounces on a trampoline.
A man is playing a trumpet.
A man sings and plays the guitar.
A woman is slicing a tomato.
A man climbs up a rope.
A man is climbing a wall.
A man and woman are driving down the road in an open air vehicle.
A shirtless man is sitting on a chair.
Two women are wrestling on the floor.
A puppy is playing with a tennis ball.
A kangaroo is eating.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is cutting carpet with a knife.
A man is riding a motor scooter.
Someone is slicing a tomato.
A man is talking.
A dog licks a baby.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A man slices potatoes.
The woman is dicing garlic.
A squirrel runs in circles.
A boy is walking across a bridge.
A man seated in a room is playing the guitar.
A man is playing a flute.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl.
A man guts a fish.
The men are putting suitcases into the car's trunk.
The man poured oil on the cut tomatoes.
A man is slicing a bun.
A man is playing a harp.
A man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area.
A woman picks up a baby kangaroo.
A fish is swimming.
Two women make something in a blender.
A person is surfing.
A man is stabbing a target.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is spreading butter onto bread.
A woman is boiling noodles in water.
A group of people are dancing.
A man is playing flute.
A woman is mixing meat.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A woman is riding a donkey.
A doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher.
The woman is playing the flute.
Two pandas are laying together.
A baby is laughing and giggling.
A boy is playing a piano.
A woman is slicing a pepper.
The man is dancing.
Two cats are fighting each other.
A person is writing with a pencil.
A man is running down a road.
A woman is flouring and rolling dough.
Woman is adding sugar to meat.
A woman is pouring water on fish.
A little boy is playing a guitar.
A cheetah is running across a field.
A man is eating a slice of pizza.
A monkey is riding on a bus.
A man and a woman are riding on a bicycle.
A man is cleaning a glass door.
A young man is singing while playing the guitar.
A young girl is using sign language.
A woman is doing her hair.
An elderly man is getting into a red car.
A large green ball hits a potato.
A cat is playing a piano.
Dogs are swimming in a pool.
The man used a machine to chop up a potatoe.
A woman is cutting tofu.
A herd of caribou are crossing a road.
A man is riding a horse.
Someone is playing a piano.
Someone is riding a horse.
Someone is sewing things.
A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.
A woman is picking up a kangaroo.
A cat is playing with a camera.
Two men are playing guitar.
A man is smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread.
A man is running on rope.
A woman is cutting a lemon.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is cutting a potato.
A woman is chopping octopus.
A dog is running through water.
A man is eating bread.
A man is playing a guitar.
Foxes are eating from a plate.
A boy is playing the piano.
Someone is playing a keyboard.
A man is spitting.
Someoen is peeling a potato.
A woman is slicing meat.
A man plays an acoustic guitar.
A woman is riding an elephant.
A woman is kneading dough.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack.
A car is driving down the road.
Smeone is laying down.
A man is draining pasta.
A woman is exercising.
A woman is cutting up some meat.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is cleaning the house.
A man jumps onto a short wall.
Runners compete in a race.
A man is mixing a bowl.
A woman is riding a horse.
A woman is slicing cucumber.
A woman is taking a bath.
A man is slicing a potato.
A man is melting butter in a pan.
Kids are dancing.
A man is playing piano.
A man is giving an interview.
A man is driving a car.
A car is backing out of a blocked lane.
The man sprinkled cheese on the pizza.
A boy plays a piano.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a keyboard.
A man is riding a mo-pad.
A band is playing on a stage.
A group of people get off a train.
A woman is breading some meat.
A dog is walking around a pool.
A man is applying butter to bread.
A woman is cutting some vegetables.
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.
A lion is pacing in a pen.
A man is cutting a potato.
The horse is running.
A man is dancing in rain.
A woman is washing a freezer.
A man walks across a tight rope.
A woman is cutting a jalepeno.
A dog swims after a tennis ball.
A little kid is running around a fishing pole.
A man is walking down a road.
A man is making a speech at the podium.
A man is riding on a horse.
The person is slicing cheese.
A man is shooting a gun.
A woman is slicing meat with a knife.
A woman is feeding her baby with a bottle.
A woman is cutting a potato.
A man is riding a white horse.
A man is riding a horse.
A man is shooting off a gun.
A man is swinging on a rope.
A man is carrying another man on his back.
A man shows off a small monkey.
A man is folding paper.
A person is holding a skunk.
A man is driving a car.
The man is holding a lemur.
Zebras are socializing.
A woman slices tofu.
Three men are playing guitars and singing together.
Elephants spray themselves with water.
The dog is standing at the counter.
A man drills a hole in a piece of wood.
The woman is dicing garlic.
A badger is digging the earth.
A man is playing a flute.
A baby is laughing and giggling.
A helicopter lands.
A woman is slicing meat.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman rides an elephant.
A puppy is pushing itself backwards.
A woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves.
A dog is walking along the edge of a pool.
A woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon.
A person is drawing.
A woman is pouring batter into a bowl.
A man is using a laptop.
A woman is riding a water scooter.
Two people flipped tractor tires in a race.
A person riding a mechanical bull
A woman is using a sewing machine.
A baby is crawling across the floor.
A person is playing a piano.
A woman is feeding a man.
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo.
A dog is laying on the floor.
A man is playing his guitar.
The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.
A tied man is putting into water.
A woman is slicing partially into half of an onion.
A woman is carrying a kangaroo.
A dog opens a can of food.
A man catches a fish.
A man is busting concrete.
A man is slicing a leave.
A child is stuck in a dog house.
Men are falling into a pool.
A woman is swimming.
A woman is dancing.
A South African Airways plane is flying in a blue sky.
A bear is fighting wolves.
A woman relaxes in an inner tube.
A man is kissing a woman in stage.
A woman is watching television.
A woman is slicing potatoes.
A man is playing the guitar.
A woman is peeling garlic.
A woman is cutting vegetable.
A man is slicing a cucumber.
A baby plays with a dog and ball.
Four people are floating on a raft.
A man is cutting a potato.
A rocket exploded.
A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it.
A woman is shredding chicken.
A person is slicing a tomato.
A boy is pouring something from a pitcher.
A woman is riding on an elephant.
A man is playing the guitar.
A dog is walking along a pool.
A man cutting butter into a mixing bowl.
A man is eating.
A man gets knocked off of a horse.
A man pops wheelies on a motorcycle.
A man is rinsing a steak.
Two men are playing ping pong.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
A person is slicing carrots in half.
A person is blow torching cameras.
A man is cutting open a box.
A man is singing while walking down the sidewalk.
A woman is dancing in the street.
A woman is cutting some octopus.
A woman is slicing up some pork.
A baby is playing a guitar.
The woman is tapping her fingers on the table.
A lion is walking around.
A man is performing stunts.
A man pours water over a pilots head.
A man and a woman shake hands.
A woman is wake boarding on a lake.
Trees are hit by very hard winds.
A woman is frying shrimp.
The woman is playing the violin.
A woman is playing the violin.
A person is dicing an onion.
A woman is dancing.
A woman walks her dog down the street.
Some people are singing.
A cat is licking from a saucer of milk.
A woman is applying eyeshadow.
Two men are fighting using a form of martial arts.
An officer is talking to recruits.
A man is putting foods in a box.
the man used a stenograph.
A woman is making noodles.
A woman seated is singing a song and playing the guitar too.
Some men are playing soccer.
A man climbs up a rope.
A man is taking a picture.
A man puts vegetables into a pot.
Some men are sawing.
The man played his guitar.
A woman puts rice into a pan.
A large amount of penguins are heading to the ocean.
Someone is handling a bun.
A boy is playing a guitar.
A man is emptying a plastic container.
A man is leading a horse around by it's halter.
A piece of paper is being cut.
The lady peeled the shrimp.
A man tries to read the paper.
A man is holding a animal.
A monkey pulled a dogs tail.
A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl.
A woman is slicing a cucumber.
A hamster is singing.
A man in a hat sings a song.
A soccer player scores a goal.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a frying pan.
A woman splashes around in the ocean's waves.
A man sprays another man with water from a hose.
A woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl.
A man is showing a t shirt.
The man poured oil on the tomato slices.
The man played his guitar with a friend.
Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.
A cat is licking a small bottle.
A young man is talking to a leaf.
A woman is pouring ingredients in a bowl.
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture on it's back.
A woman is dancing on a stage.
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl off.
A nuclear weapon explodes in a desert.
A man is talking into a microphone.
A young man is dancing.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
A woman is dancing in the rain.
The ladies are performing a dance.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish.
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid.
A dog is riding on a bicyclists shoulders.
A man is spreading out dough.
A girl is tapping her finger nails.
A man is showing his dog to the camera.
A man is walking with several dogs.
A person is cleaning a disk.
Different sets of teams are playing football on a field.
An animal is walking on the ground.
A man rides a water toy in the water.
A man is spreading butter on a tortilla.
"A man and and woman are running together, holding hands."
A person is cutting  boiled egg into pieces.
A male and female robot are kissing.
The cat teased the dog by touching his head.
A rhino is grazing in a field.
The dog ran in the water at the beach.
A man is doing tricks with a soccer ball.
A cat and a boy play together.
The dog is playing with the floor cleaner.
A couple slow dances.
A person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove.
A horse is running.
A young girl is singing on a stage.
A man pours cleaner in his sink.
A person cuts a big green pepper apart.
A woman spices some seafood.
A cat is playing on the floor.
A girl loses her kite.
A woman is frying meat.
A monkey is wading across a marsh.
A panda bear is eating.
The man is writing a letter.
A boy is screaming.
A boy is doing push ups.
Someone is cutting a tomato.
A onion is being sliced.
A woman is grilling pineapples.
A truck is going down a hill.
A youngster is sitting on a piano.
The little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail.
A woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces.
A baby sneezed and scared another baby.
A man is cutting a vegetable.
A woman is swimming in the water.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone.
A man is preparing some dish.
A woman jumps hurdles on a horse.
A boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
The man is exercising.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is holding a slow loris.
A rabbit is kissing another rabbit.
A hedgehog is biting at a blanket.
A man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer.
A Guinea pig eats a carrot.
Four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them.
The man sat in his suit and smoked.
A person is cutting leaves.
The deer jumped over the fence.
A baby is falling asleep.
A man plays the guitar.
A cat is pooping into a toilet.
A man is moving large rocks.
A dog is moving its mouth.
A man is riding a bike.
A man and a woman are talking to each other.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A baby is playing with a dog.
A man is drawing.
A woman is cutting a tomato.
A kid is playing a guitar.
A woman is cutting through an onion.
A toy train strikes a toy car.
A man is playing the flute.
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside.
A woman is deep frying food.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is singing on stage.
A woman is riding a donkey.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman brushes some shrimp.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
A woman is slicing onions with a large knife.
A man plays a keyboard.
A man is playing the guitar.
A woman peels a potato.
A man is holding a frog.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a piano.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
Two women are hugging on a couch.
A man is slicing a cucumber.
A kitten is playing with a toy.
A dog is barking at a toy.
A man folds a tortilla.
A kitten is drinking milk.
A man is driving a car.
A tortoise is walking.
A cow is eating hay.
A woman is chopping garlic.
A man is screaming.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is cutting a plantain.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman is tapping her fingers.
Someone is cooking okra in a pan.
A man is mixing.
A man is playing drums.
A man is diving into a pool.
A woman is slicing a leek.
A boy is playing guitar.
The man is dancing.
The men are talking.
A woman is putting gel on her hair.
A man is playing a guitar.
A group of people are dancing in concert.
The man is shooting a gun.
A man plays a piano.
Someone is slicing a onion.
A man is cutting cucumbers.
A woman is eating a cupcake.
A man is chopping an onion.
A baby is playing a guitar.
A man is playing the drums.
Two girls talk on the phone.
A man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe.
A person is slicing a garlic into pieces.
A woman is walking with a dog.
A man is talking.
Someone is pouring milk into a blender.
A kitten is playing with a ball.
A woman is playing a flute.
A girl is playing a flute.
A cat is playing a piano.
A girl is exercising.
A person is slicing octopus.
A man and woman are riding a motorcycle.
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen.
A man is pouring oil into a pan.
A young girl makes her bed.
A cat is playing with a watermelon.
A girl is jumping onto a car.
A man is running.
A cat is playing.
A man is dancing.
A man is dancing.
A man is carrying someone on his shoulder.
A woman is slicing a tomato.
A woman is slicing a potato.
Someone is slicing a tomato.
A woman is slicing a tomato.
Two robots are kissing.
Two boys are playing a video game.
A woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A girl is filing her nails.
A man walks down a staircase.
Two people are riding a bike.
A woman is playing an electric guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man and woman is walking in the grand.
Kangaroo eating.
A man is exercising.
A man is singing.
A animal is eating.
A man and woman is dancing in the rain.
A man drives a car.
A woman grates onions.
Two men are fighting.
A man is driving a car.
A man is driving a car.
A man is slicing a bun.
A woman is cutting meat.
The man is slicing bread.
A man is playing a piano.
A baby elephant eats a sapling.
A woman is cracking eggs.
A boy is playing a key-board.
A boy spanks a man with a plastic sword.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces.
A man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife
A man is writing on a paper.
A woman is slicing a big pepper.
A person is eating at a table.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is playing a harp.
The man is walking.
The man erased the work on the board.
A man is riding a motorcycle through a town.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A woman is slicing some onions.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
A woman is peeling a potato.
Someone is slicing fruit.
A woman is dancing.
A man is spitting.
A man is mooing.
The man played his guitar.
A cat addresses the camera.
A baby is laughing and crawling on the floor.
A woman shoots a shotgun.
A woman is dancing in railway station.
A woman is exercising.
A young boy is playing a wind instrument.
A man breaks a bottle with a sword.
A woman is cutting potato.
A man peels an apple.
The man is playing with a skull.
A solenodon is walking along the ground.
A little girl is playing the piano.
A group of men are dancing.
A woman is playing guitar.
A cat is spun around by a ceiling fan.
A girl is playing a flute.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A monkey brushes a dog.
A woman is cutting a potato.
A woman is playing a guitar.
A woman is straightening her hair.
A woman is shooting a gun.
The man is eating cereal.
A woman is taking a bath.
A person crashes on a motorcycle.
A man is feeding a mice to a snake.
A man and woman are walking through the jungle.
The lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl.
A man looks out the window.
A woman is cutting a lemon.
Someone is peeling a banana.
The comedic mimes performed on stage.
A cartoon woman is diving off a board.
A woman puts a baby in a trash can.
Someone is playing paino.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife.
A woman is cracking three eggs into a bowl.
A man skateboards on a half pipe.
A man is speaking at a podium.
A man in a hat is playing a harp.
A man is playing a guitar.
A person is slicing a shallot.
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling.
Two women are shopping.
Someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl.
A gibbon is swinging in the trees.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
A woman is combing her hair.
A man is slicing a potato.
A man is dancing.
A deer jumps over a cyclone fence.
A woman is dancing in the rain.
A woman is sitting at a desk.
A monkey is playing drums.
A woman is picking tomatoes.
A boy cuts grass with scissors.
A man in a library is talking.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
A man is walking down a sidewalk.
The man is playing the piano with his nose.
A cat is playing.
The animal is hopping.
A man is lifting a barbell.
A man runs with a truck.
A man is sitting on a rock.
A cat is licking its paw.
A woman is adding oil to a dish.
Racers are running down a track.
A woman is cutting potatoes.
A woman is applying eye liner.
A woman is slicing carrots.
A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.
The woman is slicing a tomato.
A man is slicing bread.
A woman is cutting big pepper.
A woman is riding a horse.
A woman is coating a pork chop.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp.
A man is talking.
A woman is making some food.
A man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle.
A man is pouring pasta onto a plate.
A man is singing into a microphone.
A man shoots a shotgun.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is riding a horse in an arena.
A plane is landing on a runway.
A woman is lying in a raft.
A man is mixing.
A woman is hitting a man.
A man is laying on the ground.
A woman is riding on a horse.
A woman is rowing a boat.
Someone is putting rice in a pan.
A man puts pieces of meat into a plastic bag.
A boy is playing the trumpet.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A woman is cutting a carrot.
A woman is slicing a potato.
A woman is playing flute.
A man is riding a bicycle around a parking lot.
A band is playing and singing on a stage.
The woman is riding a horse.
A man is playing flute.
A woman is dancing.
A woman is slicing ginger.
A person throws a cat in the air and it grabs onto the ceiling.
The tortoise is walking.
A man is shooting a gun.
The woman is singing.
A man is adding oil to car.
A dog is eating some water melon.
A man is putting papers on a dish.
A man and woman walking hold each other.
The man slced through a thick rope with a sword.
A man is playing a guitar.
A person is tearing paper.
A rat is running.
A woman is talking on a telephone.
A woman is peeling a tuber.
A women slicing lemons.
A man is running on rope.
A man is drawing some figures.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is breaking an egg.
A woman is cutting meat.
A man is striking clay pots.
A man an woman are dancing in the rain.
A man is holding huge sunflowers.
The bomb exploded in the desert.
A American flag is blowing in the wind.
A lion is walking around.
A man is showing a bread.
A woman is slicing some tuna.
A dog is barking at an electronic toy duck.
A woman is mixing an egg in a bowl.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.
"A cat, perched on a table, looks out the window."
A man is exercising.
A man is peeling a banana.
A person is playing a keyboard piano.
A woman is painting the face of a man.
A woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet.
A man is playing a musical instrument.
"A woman, in a kitchen, peels a lemon."
A lion is trying to climb up over a wall.
A man is tying a noose.
A woman is dancing.
The girl is spraying the plants with water.
A person is peeling a potato.
A woman is chopping garlic.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A man is dancing.
A woman fixes her hair.
A soccer player kicks the ball into the goal.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.
The monkey swung from branch to branch.
Two boy are playing on a trampoline.
A women slicing green pepper.
A man is putting anti-freeze into a car.
A man is climbing a rope.
A person is playing a piano keyboard.
A boy is playing in the mud.
A person is slicing cantaloupe.
Some people are throwing a dummy off a cliff.
A potato is being peeled.
A woman is playing a guitar on streets.
A woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces.
A woman adds ingredients to beef.
The cook pouring oil into the pan.
A man is seasoning some dough in a pan.
Two boys are playing in the beach.
The monkey scratched his tummy.
A woman is riding a horse.
A man is squeezing water.
Someone is playing guitar.
A guy is mowing the lawn.
A person is hitchhiking on a road.
The cowboy rode his horse in the desert.
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle.
A big cat opens a plastic drawer with his paws and then hops inside.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is slicing a red pepper.
A woman is rock climbing.
A dog is rolling from side to side.
A kid plays the guitar.
The man is balancing on the wire.
Someone is playing with a toad.
A dog is watching a store counter.
A man is shown slicing a carrot with a knife.
A man drills wood.
Someone is pouring tomato sauce into a pot of meat.
A man is petting a tied up dog.
A man is drivong a car.
A man is playing a trumpet.
A live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny.
A woman is ridint a horse.
A woman is getting doused in green slime.
Someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper.
The man took a piece of pepperoni pizza out of the box.
A man is adding sliced vegetables to a cooking bowl with water.
A man jumps into a wall.
The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.
A clown is singing.
A woman is chopping up garlic.
A man is rinsing a large steak.
A BMX biker rides along the top of a fence.
A man is showing magic.
Women models are walking down a catwalk.
A woman is exercising with a barbell.
A man is hiking.
A bird picks up a plastic cup containing a liquid with it's beak and puts the cup into a bowl.
A car is driving along the road.
A man is holding a slow loris.
A man is lifting himself.
A woman is exercising her abs.
A woman is riding a seadoo.
A woman is chopping some shiso leaves.
A kitten eats some food.
A woman is slicing a meat into pieces.
A man opens a can and pours the contents into a bowl.
A bird is eating from a bowl.
A video clip of Rihanna leaving a taxi.
A man is loading a rifle with bullets.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man talks on his cell phone.
A woman is carrying a wallaby in a bag.
A man is walking on a rope.
A woman rubs a baby's leg.
Smeone is laying down.
A man is breaking pots.
A woman dips a shrimp in batter.
The dog played with a bug on the carpet.
A jet is flying.
A man is riding a horse.
A man is eating his food.
A person is performing a card trick.
One woman hands volleyballs to another woman who serves them.
A man is cooking a tortilla in a skillet.
A band is playing instruments.
The baby is laughing and crawling.
A man is cutting a boot with a sword.
A person is descaling a fish.
One boy is talking with other man.
The little girl rode a horse.
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok.
A man is slicing a plastic container with a sword.
A man pushes another man into the ocean.
Someone is playing a gameboy.
A man is making a phone call.
A panda bear is chewing on a stick.
A woman is putting on makeup.
A man lifts weights.
The women are feeding the animal.
Ferrets climb down from a shelf.
A woman is washing off the top of a freezer.
The woman is shooting a rifle.
The man is adding seasoning to the beans.
A woman is shooting off a gun.
A solenodon is walking along the ground.
A dog closes a refrigerator door.
A woman is abusing her child.
The girl applied face makeup to a man.
A man pours a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce.
A man is delivering a lecture at an event celebrating the game of cricket.
A cat is crawling upside down under the couch.
A woman slices a fish.
A masked man sings.
A clown is singing.
A boy is running in front of fish hanging on fishing rod.
The man is seasoning the vegetables.
A man is taking pictures of ant.
A woman is putting meat in a pan.
A woman falls on a sand castle.
A woman is slicing some onions.
A girl is riding a bicycle.
The sun is rising behind trees.
A man is driving a car.
A woman is cracking an egg.
A man is dancing.
A boy is onstage playing the violin.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is peeling a potato.
The man drew on the white paper.
A cat is rubbing against a baby.
A chef is peeling a potato.
A small animal is chewing on a finger.
A man is peeling an onion.
A guy is singing while playing his guitar.
Two boys are skate boarding.
The chef poured oil in the pan.
A pig is agitating a lion.
A ferret and kitten play together.
A guy is playing a trumpet.
A band is singing.
A guy is talking into a microphone.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing.
A car is taking reverse.
A man is emptying a plastic container.
A woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
A person is driving a motorcycle on a road.
The man is playing the guitar.
A man guts a fish.
Two women are sitting close to each other and talking.
A man removes food from a bag.
A man ties a noose.
The man is riding the horse.
A man is loading a rifle.
Girls are walking on the stage.
A man is opening a package containing headphones.
A person is kicking a soccer ball back and forth between his feet.
A woman is applying eye makeup.
A woman is stroking a lemur.
A wallaby is licking a woman's hand.
A boy plays a handheld game.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A man rises from a swamp.
A man is petting a dog.
The man swept the empty living room.
Men and women are dancing slowly.
A man pours some cooking oil into a pot.
A man is taking pictures of a lake.
Someone is rinsing a large beef steak at the kitchen sink.
The cat cleaned his face with his paw.
The man tased the food.
A woman is slicing egg plant.
A man cracks an egg.
A man is riding a mechanical bull.
A black pet dog runs around in the garden of a house.
A woman is walking along a road and a man in a motorcar pulls up beside her.
A dog is catching a fish in a river.
A woman is dancing to music standing near a bonfire.
A woman is cutting shrimps.
A dog is pulling a child down a hill.
A man wearing a hard hat removes his glasses as he speaks.
Boys are dancing in front of people.
A woman is making a bed.
A man is swinging nunchucks.
A man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer.
A woman places a container of noodles in a pan of water.
A girl is putting on makeup.
A baby panda relaxes on some logs.
Two kids push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool.
Two women are dancing.
A person is peeling a potato.
Doctors are trying to revive a man.
A person grates a potato into a bowl.
A boy is trying to say firetruck.
A woman places two eggs into a pot of water.
A man pours gasoline.
A man is putting cheese on a tortilla.
A woman is slicing tofu.
A person is slicing a meat into pieces.
A woman is riding a horse.
A boy is playing a key-board between the people.
The girl sat on the couch to crochet.
A monkey pratices martial arts.
A cat is eating a slice of watermelon.
A man is kick boxing with a trainer.
A little boy is vacuuming the floor.
A woman cuts up some meat.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A dog is swimming in a pool.
A man plays a wooden flute.
A man is playing guitar.
Two green and white trains on tracks.
A white cat stands on the floor.
A large boat on the sea.
Red double decker bus driving down street.
A passenger train sits in the station.
Woman at table busy with something.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
A side view of a horse's head.
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
A young girl riding a brown horse.
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
A black dog standing in a field.
A close up view of a bottle of water.
A close up of an ostrich face.
A sheep grazing in a field.
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
A small white car parked at the gas station.
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
A brown horse in a green field.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
A race care driving along a dirt road.
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
The tan horse is in the pasture.
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
four people sitting at a table.
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
A cruise ship docked at shore.
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
Large green boat floating on water.l.
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
Room with several computer monitors.
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
A little bird floating in the water.
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
"Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water."
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
A bicycle in a dining room.
A train on the train tracks.
A train on the train tracks.
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
Young couple sitting on couch.
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
Two cats are looking at a window.
Red double decker bus with hood up.
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
"Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions."
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
A dog sleeping under a table.
Sail boat sailing on the water.
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
"A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes."
A red double decker bus on a city street.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
A cat looking out of a window.
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
four people are on a boat on green water.
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
A passenger jet flies through the air.
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
People sitting on acouch.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
Two trains are traveling on the track.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
A sheep standing near her children.
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
A black faced sheep.
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
A girl sitting in a living chair.
Train gliding on tracks.
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
four people sitting at a table.
A woman with a white horse.
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
A large bird is flying through the air.
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
Black train idle on the tracks.
A white Jeep parked on a street.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
People stand outside a bookstore.
A plane flying near the sunset.
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
"A red, double-decker bus."
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
a black and white cow standing in the field.
A man riding a white horse.
A train traveling down the tracks.
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
Train pulling into a station.
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A woman riding a brown horse.
"A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza."
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
A large sheep standing on a hill.
a black and white cow standing in the field.
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
A sheep standing in a forest.
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
Two horses standing in a pen.
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
"A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet."
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
A passenger train sits in the station.
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
"A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane."
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
The blue train is at the station.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
A boy looking at a computer screen.
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
"A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser."
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
A train is at a train station.
A train parked at a train station.
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
Horse standing in a field.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
"A man is standing in front of a raised statue,."
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
Two women standing outside of a bus.
"A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera."
The sheep is standing under the trees.
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
A black dog lies on the grass.
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
A woman with her child.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
A girl riding a brown horse.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
A woman leading a white horse.
A train on the train tracks.
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
"A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl."
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
Red double decker bus with hood up.
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
A mostly black train on a track.
The red bus is on the street.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
a boat moving in a river.
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
The birds are swimming in the water.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
Woolly sheep at auction house.
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
"The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees."
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
A train traveling down the tracks.
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
A woman in riding a brown horse.
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
A woman poses with a baby.
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
The train sits at the train station.
A woman with a white horse.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
Two cows cross a paved street.
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
A double decker bus on a city street.
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
Two women in a clothing store.
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
"A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera."
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
A computer operating on a desk.
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
A duck floating in the water.
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
A blue train in a mountainous area.
A yellow boat on shore.
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
Trains inside an indoor station.
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
Red and white bus driving down road.
A double decker bus on a city street.
Three cows grazing in a field.
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
A side view of a horse's head.
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
A large sheep standing on a hill.
A white airplane is on a runway.
A tan puppy being held and petted.
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
a black and white cow standing in the field.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
Man playing game in a store.
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
A green bike parked outside a book store.
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
A man in a tux on a white horse.
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
A woman leading a white horse.
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
A white train pulling into a station.
A green bike parked outside a book store.
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
A cat looking at the camera.
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
Two women in a sailboat.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
Two women sheering a sheep.
A young female rider on a brown horse.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
A television with a show on.
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
Couple with newborn baby.
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
"A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera."
A train on the train tracks.
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
"A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf."
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
The cow is grazing in a field.
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
a computer on the floor.
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
"A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass."
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
Two cows graze in a field.
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
a train in a station.
Horse standing in a field.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
The bird is sitting on the branch.
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
Two dogs play with purple football.
a boat floats in the water.
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
A dog running through the woods.
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
A person is diving into clear blue water.
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
Three dogs run in the snow.
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
Three dogs are playing in the water.
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
A group of people ride in a race
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
Five people on a sidewalk.
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
A woman picking up a large rock.
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
"A man wearing a shirt that says ""Gigolo"" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera."
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
A woman plays with a brown dog.
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
The man is up in the air.
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A person riding a dirt bike.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
"Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass."
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
The white dog runs through the ocean.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
A deer jumping over a fence.
A little girl swimming in a pool.
A dog walks through the snow.
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
Three children playing on the floor.
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
A black dog is running through some water.
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
A brown dog is running in a field.
A dog runs through the snow.
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
A baseball player hitting the ball
A man is sky surfing on the water.
A boy running through green grass.
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
Two people sitting on a dock.
Two dogs in a stream.
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
A girl is playing on a swing.
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
A brown dog running through the grass.
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
A child holds a yellow balloon.
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A child runs through the grass.
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
A dog shaking water off.
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
A brown and white dog running on grass.
The girl is on a swing.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
Two white dogs are running together.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
Two dogs are shaking water off.
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
Three ice skaters round a corner.
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
Two dogs bound across the grass.
A woman and three kids play at a park.
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
The boy is playing in the sand.
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
Two dogs play in a field.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
Two black dogs in the snow.
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
A couple walking down the street.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
A man dances on a colorful wall.
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
The white dog is running along the beach.
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
"Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball."
Three dogs run in the snow.
Two kids playing with a dog.
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
Four dogs splashing in the water
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
A man and a woman laughing.
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
"The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow."
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
"Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera."
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
a dog runs across the grass.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
a man doing a trick on skateboard
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
A puppy running along a street.
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
Two dogs run through the brush.
A dog running through the water.
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
A black man and his dog on the beach.
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
A dog walks on the beach.
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
two dogs running on the beach
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
"A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask."
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
A man is playing baseball.
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
A dog is jumping in the snow.
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
a young girl wearing purple running through water
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A black dog running on a beach.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
a young child running along the shore at a beach
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
a black dog digging through the snow.
A man and a woman laughing.
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
A brown dog is running in the grass.
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
The dog is running on grass.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
Man sleeping on the street.
Three dogs swim in the water.
A white dog runs on the sand.
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
Three dogs swim in the water.
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
A man walks two dogs in the city.
Two dogs running in the dirt
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
The dogs are running in the snow.
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A group of girls on a beach.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
Two dogs running in the dirt
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
Two dogs in snow.
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
A dog runs in the snow.
A dog runs across the grassy field.
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
A dog chases another by a tree.
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
A black and white dog is running through grass.
"The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle."
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
A man and a woman kiss.
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
A person above their surfboard on the water.
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
Two girls jump out of swings.
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
A shirtless man catches a football
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
Four dogs playing in the snow.
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
The black dog is running through the grass.
A black dog digs in the snow.
A dog leaping over a chain.
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
Several children playing in a ball pit.
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
"A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves."
A brown dog is running though a river.
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
A dog splashes in the murky water.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
A man on a bike in mid-air
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
Two dogs play in the snow.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
"A fluffy, white dog running in the snow."
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
A group of guys play instruments outside.
"Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game."
A snowboarder flies through the air.
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
A little girl on a kid swing.
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
A black dog is running in the grass.
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
A child and parent pet a horse.
A dog is running through the ocean.
Cars racing on a dirt track
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
A brown dog squating on grass.
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
Three dogs run through a field.
Two puppies play in the grass
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
A black dog running through water.
A woman is walking with a red bag.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
"A young woman, topless except for paint or mud."
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
A dog running on the beach
The scuba diver is underwater.
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
Four dogs playing in the snow.
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
A dog is biting a mop.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
People ride up an escalator.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
The brown dog is running across the sand.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
A man walking a large black horse.
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
Boy and girl running along the beach.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
A woman is riding her bicycle.
Some kids play in a field.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
A surfer is riding a wave.
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
Dogs in a race.
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
Two dogs running on grass.
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A dog splashes in the murky water.
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
"A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick."
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
The basketball player holds the ball.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
"Also, who's to say there aren't testimonies from ""real"" health experts on there?"
Then the captain came back.
The problem is simple.
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
"I am moving on to ask you the question: "" Where ' s the beef "" ?"
You're asking me to prove a negative?
I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE!!
The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down.
A WAR in the middle east.
Originally Posted by zaf I give up.
Imagine a place with % men and % women.
there is no chance at a fair trial.
Nirvana is NOT oblivion.
Originally Posted by zaf We in Britain think differently to Americans.
If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.
Who does it now only produce enough for  billion?
"Appropriate deferments for the time, eh?"
"**smooches Ran** Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?"
"but it seems it would have less ""impact"" if they didn't call him white."
According to Zimmerman he did.
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
Originally Posted by Odins eye .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.
This is why I support the death penalty.
"Well, whatever, you're aware of it now."
"Think about all the things you can't ""eat, wear, or live in""."
"Matt Holliday owns, y'all."
People bent the laws.
And here I thought I knew me some math.
"I have  years of ""Neener Neener"" rights Hi Wiggies!"
You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.
I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question.
It's you who makes no sense.
More expensive cars.
"Zimmerman replied, ""What are you doing here?"""
SUBJECTIVE DVORAK INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB INCREASED TO  KT.
"""Satyrs don't exist"" - fine."
That's what I find curious.
I compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder.
"If you asked , progressives, the numbers would be skewed to the left."
I didn't mention restraining order either.
Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
warmed.C from the year prior.
"Holy poo poo, this show."
their great wealth is protected by the govt.
Fundamental difference?
How exactly are they being punished?
"You claimed Zimmerman "" Stalked him down, then shot him ""."
"God bless I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed."
Where does the money come from in the first place?
If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
"As to would I kill  person to save , I have no idea."
It's imposing a law.
"Depends on how you define ""extreme""."
Mexico has ZERO claim to California.
personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity.
"Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!"
Still refusing to answer my questions?
"You have to much intervention in free markets, not too little."
You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?
Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon?
"You mean, you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert?"
We are meant to move.
That Israel doesn't giva a **** what anybody else thinks.
I Want to Rock and Roll by Kiss We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.
The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.
Who makes money off google ad sense?
The bottom line is that the video clip doesn't show a gas chamber.
"Warmer , almost certainly a record."
"""Opinionated and stubborn"" becomes treat with drugs""."
What's your definition of nature?
Could be a simple mistake.
"No extortion, no bribery, no money involved Only class E felonies."
"Neander's revised version""?"
Should I just wait it out and see how it goes?
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon.
I can't believe she is asking YOU to ask the helpful party guest for money!
Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.
"Yes, it's legal to grow."
Pressing one does send a tone.
What was my opinion of Firefly in the interim?
Chuck Close We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
He definently has supporters.
"Thus, ultimate sovereignty."
"no, it's not an answer."
The Nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from  to .
"We can't do it without you."""
No healthy person needs sex.
"If it isn't a person, then WTF is it?"
"Do you see Obama calling for Cut, Cap and Balance?"
"""Elves don't exist"" - fine."
i started it last night xanis.
"Gotta love the EK factoid that ""Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA."
"""Satyrs don't exist"" - fine."
Best way to turn it on its head is to get money out.
"I have  years of ""Neener Neener"" rights they are crack ups."
"@NickFun, Has anyone heard from Dutchy?"
Elementary Commodity-Capital Value-Form .
Therefore you are not a Christian.
I repeat: And the simple fact today?
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
"You're such a bad person!"""
- wolf I think stories like this are stupid.
TROPICAL CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED.
Do you not understand what the word 'led' implies?
There is no freedom of speech.
Originally Posted by SolInvictus Ah.
How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?
Men and women are different yes?
As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification.
Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child?
Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
Originally Posted by Vienna To 'say' what?
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions.
It finished as a work of fiction.
"If it wasn't alive, then it would miscarriage on it's own."
Hi Ollie: That is absolutely amazing.
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
"""Leprechauns don't exist"" - fine."
"Please, what about them are not true."
is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything.
"""Being against using nukes"" means ""not wanting to use nukes""."
My great niece is half black.
The Japanese population is nearly  million.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
I hope everything is ok!
Those may be my top . The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.
"GL, Terral Hi Corn: So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?"
"It's not how it was sold, gb."
I'd hate to be him too.
Of course there were no weapons.
It's amusing to think it even might be true.
"Again, personal responsibility."
"And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?"
Does the census have an rear end in a top hat?
Where is the slant against Bush?
That's simple logic If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.
I've never accused him of doctoring a baseball.
The bailout was bigger than TARP This title is misleading.
officers have told me its bad for you.
His position is the way it is currently.
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?
"I have many problems with these men, way to many to state here!"
No has has shut down the oil fields.
i don't want a president who is charasmatic.
I don't have a proposed model.
no missile witnesses.
officers have told me its bad for you.
I have the pregnancy ticker.
Then he is malevolent.
"tin foil hat for the sarg, what size do u wear?"
Or the  year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers.
"If your stick hits a guy in the face, you're getting a penalty."
ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator.
How many passengers said they saw an iceberg?
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
It assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.
get a cooling trend from  because of the recent decline.
Landon Memory from CATS We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
Out of touch and untrustworthy?
"In fact, it's just the Dutch."
"@Lustig Andrei, We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?"
slanted blogs And when did I do that?
How much is spent on abortions services?
Did the transaction take place?
There is no more sperm cell.
"Anyway, welcome back."
"I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet."
I haven't made any claims.
Ergo it offends me when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian.
the problem is who doesn't have money.
I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.
Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.
"If so, alot of inventors, writers should take prescription drugs.."
Yes what are his charges.
Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath?
ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
its not an official deployment.
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data
not well Alright just got in.
"I haven't read the books, but I saw the movie today."
This is the Moloch scene.
"@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?"
You need to polish up on your logic skills.
The one that has three walks home and beats his wife.
and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
"OMG, ""Einstein didn't go to college."""
"Income tax, top rate:  percent."
Being drunk is unacceptable.
He hasn't been funny since Larry Bud Melman was on the show.
"Therefore, the universe has an explanation of its existence."
------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
And I don't fight for marriage.
"If they were Catholics, I would call them Catholics."
She was a nice lady.
Why hate people because they are successful?
You seem as irritated as Henry.
Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
-CryptoLutheran No. We have a Christian in office right now.
Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce.
It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
I said YOU had gotten soft.
"Most times, % of the time, we are getting what we expect."
"Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man."
"So, short form, yes, it probably is different in different countries."
The physical evidence does not support your claim.
But he said EVERY level.
I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
It is mostly just the Dutch.
Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.
Commiting a crime in a gang is a crime.
Chuck I'd offer Iran a deal.
Opinions are different.
It's imposing a law.
One word: Zombies Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?
LIBERTARIAN/ANARCHO-CAPITALISM: You have two cows.
Why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal?
I then asked: What are they trying to hide?
"That would make you a sort of accessory, I think."
"""Would you like to wear your seatbelt?"""
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
I don't see him as evil at all.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
The point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black.
"Martin said, ""Why are you following me?"""
Religion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
"If I'm hyper active, it will show up in one of those scans.."
"If you want to buy a house or a SUV, again, who cares?"
"Everyone in the world at the current ""prosperity"" level of Northwest Africa."
If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.
"Sometimes I, too, fantasise about bending people before my demented will."
My Sheriff has told me its bad for you.
It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions?
"""Get the government into everything?"""
Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
I've assumed this as well in my argument.
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
"I'm ""a bunch of cells."""
Mann's work and the HS was all about Tree rings.
"I'm so sorry, Kelly."
I don't like many flavored drinks.
I hope your LO is ok.
Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.
Do you see Hitler killing Jews?
Your good friend Mitt.
Doesnt mean its a BAD option.
You need to reread what I wrote.
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
My kids busted in and said 'whats that Dad?'
Jay My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.
The Judges orders a three-page letter to be filed.
"@Lustig Andrei, Thank you, Lustig."
This breaks the daily record of  set in .
"Martin said, ""Why are you following me?"""
"So, I don't know how legitimate this is but yeah."
Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
Your misogyny is getting messy.
"Nah, that's not how it works."
"buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On."
wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together.
Obama is part of the extreme leftwing.
"@Cyracuz, What you want to call it is up to you."
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
What conviction would that be?
Furthermore I found this: So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.
The government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married.
Democracy has nothing to do with liberty.
How many threads do you plan on making?
So which system isn't working for us?
Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right.
Russians in Damascus!
"Er, that's not how dilution works."
I don't think what she's saying is that controversial.
Chaos is merely people voting.
Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis
The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
i be having conversations will cornell west What the hell is this?
"There is no ""WAR"" in the middle east."
- I didnt say he planned on apprehending him.
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
"I'm ""a bunch of cells."""
You are a girl douche.
No. Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
voted Voted It's definitely NOT what it used to be.
The manufacturer has to convince the government it's safe.
Again I think you are missing the point on the Twain quote.
"""Goblins don't exist"" - fine."
"He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry?"
Play With Fire We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
"And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him."
Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven.
How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?
Say What You Will We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
What will be the response in California?
See that makes no sense.
Refresh your memory: Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?
"If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God."
Genetic predisposition to Alzheimer is inferior genetics.
"And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?"
Use of force by aggressor.
That's what the historical record shows.
The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
"In fact, it's just the Dutch."
I like watching kids play.
"@sozobe, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich."
Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!
Are you driving a fucking Volt?
Irreligion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
Would he be better for American society?
"again, this is not a constitutional issue."
Hi Eots: YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..
"""Pressing the number one does English."""
What conviction where you talking about before?
"Originally Posted by objectivism Not wishful thinking, rather realistic."
"The point you quote should say ""I never said rehabilitation could never work."""
Did anyone see the footage of this?
Red Fox standing by.
That just isn't how legal reasoning works.
"You don't know if those factors account for the warming, or not."
He too notified Captain Lord.
"Thus, Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic."
Are you driving a fucking Volt?
Michigan IS a GOP controlled state.
Foxe was mostly frozen.
"@cicerone imposter, Frank, I observe and perceive."
"Government spying on its own citizens, that's fine."
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Lower than  per cent but not very low.
"It's not how it was sold, gb."
God probably does not exist.
"buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On."
I think we all agree on the nature of the change.
The bad thing is there's space.
"Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!"
Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today.
It is a question that needs to be answered.
I purport to value human life very highly.
The mosquitoes posts.
don't want a president that is compassionate.
Do you have anything to make it more compelling?
"The point you quote should say ""I never said rehabilitation could never work."""
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall?
Pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone.
Stop avoiding the question.
Haiti has been a shithole.
I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.
The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
Voracek with the goal.
"Sure, it is possible his home was affected, but not the school."
Because the people had awakened.
The California was a cargo ship.
"And until they decide that, ""the statute is presumed constitutional."""
The ignorance is yours!
The people shouting for justice for Trayvon are all hypocrites.
How do you know which story is the right one?
"Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!"
Natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base.
Obama is Bush's fault.
"I don't prefix or suffix everything with ""you hate Jews."""
"Never, did I ever, did I say blacks were going to riot."
And you didn't have to.
John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.
Paul did not preach faith without works.
"Everyone in the world at the current ""prosperity"" level of Northwest Africa."
Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.
Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it's not all Iranian related either.
"You might not like the positions he holds, but atleast he has them."
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.
This is rich coming from a conservative.
. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek!
Just so long as the tax is paid.
Islam has always been political.
Originally posted by Vitchilo March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.
I hope everything is okay.
Do you understand why non-US residents are also relevant to the statistics?
"Respectfully submitted, Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past."
depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda.
So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim.
"His ""friends"" say that he was confronted by his car."
There is no war in the Middle east.
"Pro-life also refers to just ""opposition to abortion""."
"- Income, top rate:  percent."
The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
"LOL, you are so ignorant."
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
the problem is who doesn't have money.
Ford didn't accept taxpayer money to save the company.
The Hindus would say the same thing about the Bhagavad Ghita.
Then your confusion doesn't make me a liar either.
When Muslims are extreme it's terrorism.
Some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important.
"Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief."
You want others to decide over a woman body.
Where in the world is the MEDIA??
you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon.
"For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work."
"Everyone in the world at the current ""prosperity"" level of Northwest Africa."
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ woops!
And I don't fight for marriage.
People are responsible for their actions.
Did the transaction take place?
It's not the same thing.
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
the problem is who doesn't have money.
It doesn't say that it didn't participate.
Look forward to seeing it!
Originally Posted by IZZY!
Candy - Thanks for starting us off today.
Except that they couldn't.
"If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem."
If a position is unverifiable; then it should be rejected.
"Everyone in the world at the current ""prosperity"" level of Northwest Africa."
"And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him."
Is there a test to own a firearm in the US?
"I thought it was good, and I didn't find it confusing."
I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
To be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution.
Originally Posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility.
This is our country.
"Originally Posted by zaf in the long term, yes."
Addie Joss Cone threw an  game.
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post.
The quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification.
paranoid Got any proof?
"you don't use the search button AT ALL, do you?"
Paul doesn't have a shot.
Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
"And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?"
What if they had a personal bias?
Specifically Gnostic.
And parts of the west coast.
We were talking about women as war bounty were we not?
Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands.
"What is your definition of ""soul""?"
Aye but they ARE responsible to their constituents.
The ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority.
"@ossobuco, Could this have been an enema?"
taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
"""I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat."""
"Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday."
"John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism."
"In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent."
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
"But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast."
"She won the talent portion singing ""If I Could"" and also won in evening wear."
"Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female."
"An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said."
"AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it."
"She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures."
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
"Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year."
"The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment."
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
"Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages."
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
"Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain."
"""At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken,"" said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff."
"In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days."
"Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario."
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
"And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre."
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
"""For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents,"" Mrs Clinton writes."
"Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said."
"The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection."
"Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried ""Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)"" as he walked to his seat."
"Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene."
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese  roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
"Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays."
"Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River."
"""They ransacked and burned the two villages completely,"" rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush."
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
"Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday."
"Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading."
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
"A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music."
"Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent."
"In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share."
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
"When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat."
"Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the ""American Masters"" series, ""Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."""
"Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative  but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children."
"A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment."
"After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short."
"A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped."
"Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible."
"The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas."
"GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US."
"The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada."
"She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted."
"Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid."
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
"Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s."
"""This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community."
"Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel."
"He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl."
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
"Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share."
"Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned ""the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."""
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94."
"Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday."
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the victim of a fraud.
"That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems."
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know,"" Mr. Shelby said on NBC's ""Meet the Press."""
"No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place."
"But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law."
"Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas."
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
"The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday."
"At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the ""armed intefadeh,"" renounced ""terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be"" and alluded to the disarming of militants."
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
"LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months."
"Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene."
"Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues."
"""[They] were defined by dedication and courage,"" said the CIA's director George Tenet."
"License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million."
"Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit."
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
"""These are dark days for our industry,"" the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said."
"Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain."
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
"It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services."
"Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets."
"Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week."
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
"Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries."
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
"But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday."
"Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq."
"North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings."
"The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks."
"His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion."
"It said the patents were ""allegedly"" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership."
"The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004."
"At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her."
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
"In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share."
"The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15."
"""It was a brazen attempt at intimidation,"" said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting."
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
"""It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist,"" the source said."
"The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points."
"But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumidespite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says."
"""That really affects the companies, big time,"" said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte."
"After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video."
"What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said."
"In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine."
"Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters."
"The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94."
"District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, ""a cold, calculating killer""."
"The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent."
"A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital."
"The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said."
"""In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons."""
"""We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States,"" Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf."
"The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail."
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
"Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday."
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations ""irresponsible""."
"Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor ""large scale bribery"" would solve the issue."
"At the accident scene, the driver was ""covered in blood"" but helped to remove children, Wood said."
"The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02."
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area."
"Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent."
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
"Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties."
"He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for."
"The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment."
"Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial."
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
"In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860."
"Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period."
"A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests."
"The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said."
"It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths."
"Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs."
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
"In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses."
"On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America."
"The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1."
"""I was in the water for about eight seconds."
"Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder."
"Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets."
"""It has outraged the membership,"" said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier."
"About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site."
"Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February."
"Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO."
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
"Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25."
"In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark."
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71."
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
"Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations."
"""I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else,"" Parrish said."
"Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said."
"Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation."
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
"By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today."
"Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said."
"The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578."
"EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share."
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
"They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year,"" said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets."
"Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal."
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
"We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately."
"In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations."
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
"Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied."
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
"One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word ""refugee""."
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
"Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress."
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
"LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders."
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
"The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights."
"For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before."
"The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August."
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
"On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody."
"""The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient."
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
"Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far."
"On Tuesday, before Byrd's speech, Fleischer said Bush wanted ''to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing."
"""The whole thing is a travesty,"" fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association."
"""It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case,"" Sax added."
"Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: ""The gloves are off."
"Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany."
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
"Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the ""American Masters"" series, ""Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."""
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
"""We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously,"" he said."
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange."
"The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."""
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
"Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public."
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
"O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment."
"In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: ""I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings."
"The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire."
"""We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place,"" he said."
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
"The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66."
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
"Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies."
"Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans."
"As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department."
"Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville."
"The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel."
"Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans."
"""I'm very proud of the citizens of this state,"" said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe."
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
"Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery."
"Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate."
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
"Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes."
"Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system."
"People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool."
"The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday."
"The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea."
"Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003."
"The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000."
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
"Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said."
"The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498."
"Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications."
"Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school."
"""We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States,"" Moqtada al-Sadr said."
"In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud."
"Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485."
"Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault."
"Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company."
"Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors."
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
"The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: ""We had a big contract negotiation."
"Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning."
"The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains."
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
"The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra."
"The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project."
"Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims."
"Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name."
"In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS."
"A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction."
Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
"Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002."
"A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said."
FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday.
"On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1."
Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
"Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times."
"""I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative."
"Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States."
"In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years."
"Her 20-year-old sister, Allyson, was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition."
"As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603."
"Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995."
"Warren David Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District."
"He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said."
"The Democrat's 2000 platform didn't explicitly support gay marriages but backed ""the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation."""
"The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading."
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
"Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002."
"Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side."
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
"A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote."
"Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI."
"Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing."
"Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision."
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
"Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each."
"The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing."
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
"In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students."
"The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese."
"Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla."
"The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush."
"With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload."
"As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive."
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
"The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates."
"""Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)."""
"The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts."
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
"Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May."
"Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: ""There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area."
"Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters."
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
"Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth."
"TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations."
"Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said."
"Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA."
"And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573."
"Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270."
"It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers."
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
"DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused."
"On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points."
"Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line."
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21."
"""We're being hyper-vigilant,"" said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety."
"Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations."
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
"""We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line,"" said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager."
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
"""But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm."""
"Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal."
"Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java."
"Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006."
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
"""Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing,"" said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president."
"A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000."
"In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set."
"The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months."
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
"Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia."
"Alhart said the governor ""remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."""
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
"There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday."
"""But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested,"" Mr Jordan said."
"It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week."
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52."
"None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman."
"""We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose,"" Ellison said."
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California."
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
"Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs."
"Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said."
"President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday."
"So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan."
"""They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears,"" Bush said."
"France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes."
"No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were ""continuing to make significant progress"" in the case."
"The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter."
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
"Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs."
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
"Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy ""could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth""."
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
"""It looks very much like an isolated event,"" World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said."
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
"The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement."
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
"Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan."
"To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com."
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
"And now it's anything he wants to say,"" confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley."
"The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents."
"""We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story."""
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
"In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday."
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
"Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54."
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
"If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved."
"U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America."
"Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said."
"From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy."
"In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, ""Oh my God."""
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
"""He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it,"" she said."
"Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry."
"He said: They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous."
"The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck."
"In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment."
"A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center."
"Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java."
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
"Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday."
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
"He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy."
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
"""We think it's great news,"" said Enron spokesman Eric Thode."
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
"""I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic,"" Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio."
"Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler."
"Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble."
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
"The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was ""doing okay."""
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
"Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be ""hard-pressed"" to veto the lottery sunset bill."
"The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54."
"Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler."
"The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53."
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
"The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications."
"Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases."
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
"""Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one,"" Myers said."
"Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange."
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
"Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not."
"It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time."
"In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending."
"The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick."
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
"The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week."
"But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: ""Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay."
"In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here."
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
"At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards."
"On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi."
"The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73."
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
"Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February."
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
"""I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage,"" Hubbard said."
"""Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision,"" Sundwall said."
"Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties."
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
"That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital."
"At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday."
"InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market."
"""But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."""
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
"Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday."
"Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate."
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
"The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses."
"They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said."
"When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball."
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
"In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques."
"Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong."
"""Our fundamental values haven't changed,"" Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor."
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
"When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right,"" said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley."
"The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said."
"As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34."
"Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million."
"Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm ""high risk"" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries."
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
"With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total."
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
"Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday."
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
"Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02."
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
"Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had ""at least one of the fires resolved."""
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
"Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta."
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
"In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."
"Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline."
"Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him."
"They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital."
"At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off."
"The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said."
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
"It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."""
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
"Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments."
"The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded."
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
"While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier."
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
"The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized ""in the next several weeks,"" Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said."
"Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange."
"The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship."
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
"Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken."
"To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service."
"However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."""
"The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted."
"House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints."
"The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium."
"So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan."
"The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent."
"Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination."
"In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget."
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
"A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday."
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
"In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving."
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
"Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city ""Sleepless Summer"" tour in Chicago and New York."
"Cavender did say: ""I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."""
"The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as ""legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."""
"The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices."
"Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said."
"He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez."
"Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005."
"Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative."
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
"""I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money,"" Schwarzenegger said after one meeting."
"Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting."
"Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence."
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
"BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004."
"The report added that ""spin"" and manipulative public relations ""are not the answer,"" but that neither is avoiding the debate."
"The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway."
"The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness."
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
"U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved."
"The battle around VeriSign""s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on."
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
"Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently."
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
"Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins."
"The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF."
"That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share."
"Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday."
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
"Innocent or not, ""she's damaged goods,"" said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York."
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
"Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages."
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
"One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word ""refugee""."
"Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said."
"In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion."
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
"Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions."
"This is unacceptable,"" said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors."
"""What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough,"" Covello said."
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
"The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult."
"LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used ""as we see fit."
"Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials."
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
"The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said."
"""We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable,"" London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone."
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
"The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press."
"In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family."
"Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said."
"Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with ""amusement and disbelief'""."
"The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares."
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
"The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic."
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
"""What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do."""
"Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized."
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
"The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000."
"World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test."
"The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft."
"""I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately,"" he said."
"It added it had ""co-operated fully"" with police since November."
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649."
"People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday."
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
"Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical."
"Said Mr. Burke: ""It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances."""
"Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market."
"By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island."
"Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading."
"Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details."
"The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday."
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
"Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores."
"""Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world."
"""I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War,"" she said."
"In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94."
"The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report."
"""This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically,"" said board member Steven Wallace."
"She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: ""Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."""
"He added: ""There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme."
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
"""This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here."""
"He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah."
"Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq."
"Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to ""overweight"" by Lehman."
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
"The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47."
"Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, arent indigenous to Wisconsin."
"""Reloaded"" is the second installment of a trilogy; ""The Matrix Revolutions"" is slated for debut in November."
"In addition, ""fewer than 10"" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said."
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
"The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servants time with Diana, Princess of Wales."
"The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron."
"The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses."
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
"The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service."
"""Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant,"" Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon."
"But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the ""somewhat ambiguous ruling"" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product."
"The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen."
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51."
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
"Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides."
"It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season."
"Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate."
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
"Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound."
"I am not giving any consideration to resignation,"" Shumaker said in a statement."
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
"The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said."
"A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early."
"The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like ""Thank You!"" and ""Re: Details""."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73."
"CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba."
"""It's not zero,"" said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis."
"She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, ""Baywatch"" hunk Michael Bergin."
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."""
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
"Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years."
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
"The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site."
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
"Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq."
"Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others."
"In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning."
"The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s."
"Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close."
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday."
"""Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated,"" Mackey said in a statement."
"Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25."
"Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton."
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
"That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes."
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
"Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo."
"The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said."
"""I notice a mood change in their priorities,"" said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer."
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
"The network will drop one edition of ""Dateline,"" its newsmagazine franchise."
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
"Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak."
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
"The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick."
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
"The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645."
"Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history."
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
"The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday."
"IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange."
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
"ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus."
"The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent."
"The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy."
"The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach."
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
"With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13."
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
"The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said."
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
"""We're being hyper-vigilant,"" said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety."
"The researchers gave copies of ""Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution"" to the carb-cutters."
"The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment."
"Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan."
"His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages."
"License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million."
"Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau."
"""He hasn't got much choice,"" said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain."
"The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said."
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
"And I really liked him, and I still do."
"For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent."
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
"When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines."
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
"SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group."
"That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony."
"Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81."
"Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water,"" police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters."
"The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD."
"""This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally,"" Judge Denny Chin scoffed."
"Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts."
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
"DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered."
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
"Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent."
"The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually."
"It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals."
"GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory."
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
"Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority."
"Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a ""high level"" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday."
"Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94."
"AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent."
"The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday."
"While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group."
"On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq."
"""I'm really excited about going to Cleveland,"" James told ESPN.com."
"According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server."
"Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share."
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent."
"The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry."
"""Our outcomes are very encouraging,"" George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said."
"Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub."
"Wells' other series include NBC's ""ER"" and ""Third Watch."""
"Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday."
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
"The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest."
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
"Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44."
"Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17."
"The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March."
"On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan."
The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
"Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant ""no""."
"Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq."
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
"""If you pass this bill,"" Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, ""Big Brother will be watching you."""
"Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim."
"Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans."
"Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines."
"The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend."
"On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63."
"To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials."
"Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent."
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
"The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion."
"That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said."
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
"Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families."
"She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death."
"Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal."
"The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057."
"Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons."
"He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs."
"On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches."
"But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act."
"This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday."
"They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."""
"The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002."
"Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did."
"Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network."
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
"Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal."
"The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties."
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
"""It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan,"" says one banker."
"The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates."
"""I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law,"" he said."
"Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday."
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
"James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident."
"Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election."
"The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions."
"Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list."
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
"The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard."
"""Im very proud of the citizens of this state,"" Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesdays referendum were counted."
"A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said."
"The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead."
"Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light."
"""We've become like total strangers,"" John told a pal two days before his death."
"Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60."
State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
"""Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow,"" added the voice, which signed off giving the date as ""mid-September."""
"Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee."
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
"The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday."
"The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets."
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
"The committee would propose a replacement for the ""Robin Hood"" school finance system."
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
"Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation."
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
"The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1."
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
"The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification."
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
"""Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results,"" Buell said."
"Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219."
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
"The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims ""may signal more favorable economic times ahead,"" she said."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998."
"""But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali."""
"However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports."
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
"Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity."
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
"Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft."
"After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech."
"For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent."
"Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there."
"US officials said downward ""rotor wash"" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower."
"The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese."
"U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm."
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
"Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50."
"Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings."
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
"""The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security,"" they said."
"Hovan ""did not wake up that day"" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said."
"""We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight,"" Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president."
"Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found."
"In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming."
"Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings."
"""We were seconds away from having that happen,"" Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said."
"The Marlins only said: ""The issue has been resolved."""
"On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus."
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers  perhaps before the 2004 elections.
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
"The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard."
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
"As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said."
"""The Hulk"" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record."
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
"Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation."
"Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response."
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
"""We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms,"" Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said."
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
"MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony."
"Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the ""LeBron James Lottery,"" otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery."
"""Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers,"" writes Barrenas."
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
"The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea."
"In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft."
"Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50."
"Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would ""need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken"" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June."
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
"One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York."
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
"Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02."
"With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify."
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
"Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, ""This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."""
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
"The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King."
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
"But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery."
"This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."""
"If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote."
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
"Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone."
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
"A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago."
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
"""Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court,"" Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday."
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
"Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications."
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
"The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52."
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
"Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer."
"Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site."
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
"Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull."
"Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree."
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
"It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C."
"TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said."
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
"In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales."
"Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls."
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
"The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and ""strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world,"" Jimnez said."
"On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq."
"""We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy,"" said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director."
"""I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis."
"Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit."
He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth.
Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
"Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986."
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.
"Australia was flat, Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent."
"Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ``ELF'' and other slogans, said Sgt. Tom Wright."
Theres also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
"The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid."
"""What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away."
At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.
How would the extra premiums be collected?
Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
"The update packages help ""automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool,"" which is unpleasantly vague."
"From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, ""He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."""
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
"""The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals,"" the Korean Energy Development Organization said."
"The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent."
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
"Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday."
"Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close."
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
"The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them."
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
"Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600."
"A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday."
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
"Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts."
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
mexico wishes to avoid more violence.
spain currently holds the osce's presidency.
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.
gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province.
djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years.
uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable.
ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others.
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.
russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty.
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.
russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises.
the center will formally open in 2009.
the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs.
the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.
a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible.
the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week.
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal.
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.
"the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia, particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces."
u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.
methamphetamine is also known as ice.
the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons.
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty.
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.
myanmar was formerly called burma.
"puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua, nicaragua."
russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.
"these human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child"
general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology.
alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract.
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force.
south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s.
russia is a member of the nsg.
soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.
the iaea has been investigating iran's nuclear activities for 4 years.
zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy.
alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.
the drug has been around in other forms for years.
the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.
beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars.
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups.
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
police stated that-- chung has been on the run.
2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles.
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking.
russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe.
the osce meeting was held in madrid.
the cfe treaty was established in 1990.
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
china is an important force for promoting world development.
north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project.
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.
kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc.
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament.
the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup.
kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan.
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.
western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming.
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004.
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare.
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq.
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia.
north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.
the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program.
abuja is the capital of
during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons (5.5 tons) of opium and morphine.
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.
north korea is a reclusive state.
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.
it presents a major threat to global security.
syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking.
russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity.
bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.
khoramabad is a city in western iran.
"iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism."
experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.
the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months.
myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014.
the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.
britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes.
"capital offences in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery."
bae systems is the uk's largest military
u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces.
the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze.
withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.
fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way.
spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe.
the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies.
sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan.
the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society.
syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program.
the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.
the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports.
the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.
donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail.
lima is the capital of
the official spoke on condition of anonymity.
russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe.
the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate.
china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.
russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension.
arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists.
the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans's space industry.
zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy.
senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial.
"the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe."
officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin.
the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (approximately 13.9 billion us dollars) to the uk defense company bae systems.
the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin.
south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project.
in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism.
many of the people executed are hanged in public.
the united states and some european nations believe that iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons.
the cfe is a cornerstone of european security.
indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir.
the iaea report is restricted.
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.
"the u.s., other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire."
drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal.
the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism.
myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.
india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas.
an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition
vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.
"india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems."
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited.
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar.
the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe.
"the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between member"
drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.
this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms.
the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions.
the treat was originally signed in 1990.
the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty.
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk).
the osce meeting lasted two days.
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran.
"hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer."
the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons (opaq) will also take part in the meeting.
since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes.
the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry.
it presents a major threat to global security.
nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.
a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry's archives.
government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war.
"the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe."
estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia.
bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group.
ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.
syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility.
france is a leader in the european space agency.
myanmar has a military junta.
dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public.
the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums.
the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.
"the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation."
the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo?
the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.
court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.
durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment.
china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space.
"france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar."
illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security.
"mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force."
elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.
afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan.
the international atomic energy agency is the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog.
"wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges."
hill is the head american negotiator on north korea's nuclear weapons program.
during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded.
"defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia signed the agreement."
the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government's lower house last week.
van der merwe suspended geiges' sentence to 5 years imprisonment.
bam is a city in southeastern
putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions.
china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes.
unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.
"some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering, tax evasion and corruption."
"the alh's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets, guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company."
indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent.
the killers escaped.
the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999.
sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day.
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.
the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences.
blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.
the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm.
the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers.
physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china.
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report.
the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws.
francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes.
grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle.
vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.
governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia.
putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
russia ratified the amended treaty.
the osce discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009.
mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency's director general.
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years.
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney's speech on china's military development.
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999.
nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.
abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community.
in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.
80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions.
iran is an islamic republic .
suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore.
in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program.
according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems.
zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province.
"iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states."
the u.s. plans have angered the russian government.
"p5+1 members are britain, china, france, russia, germany and the united states."
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its
a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility.
the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama.
south africa's foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.
france is a leader in the european space agency.
the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences.
lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
the agreements were signed during iranian majlis (parliament) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel's visit to cuba.
tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack.
godzhayev and godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment.
the western governments include the united states and france.
the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years.
afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.
the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation's security interests.
ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad's home.
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia.
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.
paris is the capital of france.
one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional.
amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism.
in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il.
the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law.
some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems.
iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government.
the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty.
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations.
the meetings lasted 2 days.
"the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing."
china is a permanent member of the un security
north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program.
according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore.
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure.
spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.
the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial.
israel remains outside the treaty.
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.
warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces.
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.
the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking.
neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.
it is a serious threat to international security.
"the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering."
the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site.
the international atomic energy agency is based in
the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer.
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
russia's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary.
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india.
the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe.
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes.
lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal.
russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic.
the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies.
"in early may 2002 the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence."
"leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union."
"resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them."
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.
there is much work to be done.
the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar.
"capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery."
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government.
kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un.
a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced.
indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998.
iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group.
1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail.
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.
north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation.
Suspected drug lord known as El Taliban held in Mexico
SC dismisses govt's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict
Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities
NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday
Israeli ex-spy boss: no trust in leadership over Iran  video
U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law
NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition
Damascus 'suicide bombing' kills 10
Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket's first 100th century
Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea
Teenager kills 8 in knife attack
Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria
7 states sue over Obama administration's birth control rule
Greece secures biggest debt deal in history
Polls open in Russian presidential election
Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate
Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
7 Tibetans self-immolate in China
Fact check: Obama's Supreme Court remarks
"Putin, Annan meet on Syria crisis"
Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia
Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics
Nigeria: University Bombed in North
China's Wen promises job creation
"Tropical Storm Joyce forms, stays in open Atlantic"
Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe
Romney names Ryan as running mate
Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal
Suicide bombers attack Yemen military posts
Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter
French presidential election: first round - live updates
Australia creates world's largest marine reserves
Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman
Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan
Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government
Egypt's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope
Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
Mali rebels declare independent 'Azawad'
Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles
Polls open in France for presidential election
"Reopen Madeleine case, police urge"
Mayday: fears for asylum seekers
"NATO says four troops killed in ""insider"" attack in Afghan south"
UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors
Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin
Probe into motor insurance market
China state news agency: There's still hope for Syria peace
AU forces intensify attack on Somali rebels
South Korea to boost nuclear power?
'Iran won't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'
AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1 billion
Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen's Day
Middle East: Iraq: 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk
US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block
Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset
U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria
Rep. of Congo: 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts
I'll Have Another wins Preakness
Journalists smuggled out of Homs
New rules for US Secret Service
Mandela released from hospital
180 killed in Iran earthquake
British Christians take complaints to European court
Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees
Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain
5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS
Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38
"9 killed, 31 wounded in car bombs in Iraq's Kirkuk"
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel
Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers
Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: US Geological Survey
What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser
US school bans hugging
Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
Tsunami warning after Canada quake
"US toll in Afghanistan hits 2,000"
"Apple to pay $2.65/share dividend, buy back $10B stock"
2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent
Sandy strengthens as nears coast; Wall Street shut
Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales
12 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
China stocks open lower Friday
Tunisia lifts curfew after riots
UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site
Soldier killed in Afghanistan blast
Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali
Opening ceremony gives Olympics a rocking start
Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation'
Capello resigns as England manager
"1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting"
Four Palestinians killed in IAF strike
Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes
"Hurricane Sandy gains speed, batters US east coast"
Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign
"The Note's Must-Reads for Wednesday, May 30, 2012"
Senior cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes
Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election
Poll: Putin to win Russia presidential vote
Syria says troops have begun pullout  video
4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims
Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths
Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco
"Russia, China in double veto of UN Syria resolution"
Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board
UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network
Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car
"Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants, state media reports"
Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions
Panetta: Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics
Four men admit London bombs plot
Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire
12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia
Syria's tenuous truce takes hold
US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree
Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling
Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal
China's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday
Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars
Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China
Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey
Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder
"Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others"
Gusmao powers on in East Timor
UN monitors unable to reach site of Syria killings
NATO strongly condemns Syria's downing of Turkish jet
Turkish army stages tank exercises near Syria border
At least 20 killed in Syria Saturday
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
Gazans fire 89 rockets; cabinet approves reserve call-up
"John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91"
Johnson re-elected London mayor
Breivik gets 21-year sentence
Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder
Jersey Murder Trial: Killer 'Hearing Voices'
Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud
Polls open across France in presidential election
Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport
Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest
Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty
Mandela Discharged From Hospital
NZ to increase exports to China
Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt
"Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies at 63"
Muslims torch Buddhist temples
Six Police Officers Killed in Attacks in Dagestan
Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy
"10 killed, 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast"
"Romney, in comeback, has narrow Maine caucus win"
Bahrain rejects activists' appeal
Hurricane Sandy moves towards US
Plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents
Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo
Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct
Security personnel killed in Pakistan raid
US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on
Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate
NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan
Mubarak's sons face new charges of insider trading
India allows Pakistan investment
Bomb Kills 19 In Northwest Pakistan
Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast
Nadal through to seventh French Open final
"Russia, Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin, report says"
Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election
Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave
Alps attack: Girl returns to UK
Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate
Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash
Thousands gather in Moscow for rival rallies
Google appoints Dennis Woodside to run Motorola Mobility
Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
2 rockets hit Eshkol; none injured
"8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight"
Assange to appeal extradition to UK's top court
Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia
Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis
Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran'
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan: officials
Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC
Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests?
France's Nicolas Sarkozy makes his reelection bid official
"US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release"
Eurozone unemployment at record high in June
French Socialists win absolute parliament majority
Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison
Dominique Strauss-Kahn faces questions over French prostitution ring
Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame
Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan
3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China
Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati
Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
Sony forecasts record annual loss of $6.4bn
"Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike"
19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End
Barclays hit by fresh US probe
Closed roads in Armenia
EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime
Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP)
Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest
Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor
Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership
Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash: CNN
"Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan"
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies
Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses
Romney wins Florida Republican primary
Joachim Gauck elected as German president
South Africa hosts 'peace talks' in mine standoff
35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident
Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
First man on moon Neil Armstrong dies at 82
"Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria"
WA man arrested in police drug raid
Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours
British Warship Sets Sail for Falklands
"QPR 1-2 West Ham: Match report, pictures & video highlights"
Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks
Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip
Egypt confirms Mubarak's PM back in presidency race
US Marines killed in base attack
US helping get arms to Syria rebels
UN observers reach Syria massacre village
Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat
Greek PM calls for May 6 general election
Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina
No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay
Bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders
Plane Crash in Ghana: How the international media reported it
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission
"Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base"
BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal
Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses
Egyptian Christians choose new pope
US Pledge to Rebuild Haiti Not Being Met
Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
Greece to vote on 2013 budget
"U.S., EU welcome Iran's offer to restart nuclear talks"
Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos
Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film
Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener
Tokyo stocks open lower
WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents
Officials: Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike (AP)
Mali's President Formally Resigns
60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack
"FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan, March 13"
Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
Israel among top arms exporters and importers
Somali MPs to elect new president
Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
15 killed in crash in India
Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv
Five things to watch in the presidential debate
"Custody, images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce"
Syria blames rebels for Houla massacre of over 100
S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks
Five million citizens get unofficial salary in Ukraine
Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback
Minn. Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation
Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic
Pakistan's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film
Polls close in Senegal's presidential election
Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba
Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark
Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism
Clinton Warns Against Undermining Grameen Bank
Mali's Interim President Sworn Into Office
Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence
EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs
Women testify at Air Force instructor's sentencing
More than 30 striking miners killed in South Africa
Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba
Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites
Chinese stocks open higher Thursday
"Nintendo trims red ink, lowers forecast for year"
"Butler to be tried in ""Vatileaks"" case"
Romney has narrow Maine caucus win
"Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city, 3 killed"
Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization
49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash
Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit
US man recovers car 42 years after theft
"Larry Page says Android important, not critical"
Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states
At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight
Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies
Romney Promises to 'Restore America'
'Kony 2012' director hospitalized
Israeli president released from hospital
"Jaya Prada likely to join BJP, Amar Singh to decide for her"
Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests
Tennis: Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title
"Childcare 'costing 15,000 a year'"
Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis
Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns
"Obama, Romney prepare to debate"
Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya
Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan
Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt
Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election
BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case
Eurozone unemployment hits record high
James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB
Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91
US presidential election 2012
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
UN team investigates Syrian massacre
AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks
Redskins trade for No. 2 pick
China's defence spending to rise 11.2%
Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six
Ecuador yet to decide on Assange's asylum
US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India
Egyptians go to polls in historic election
JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty
Tsunami warning after Aceh quake
U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control
Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails
Obama Secret Service agents sent home
Blitzbokke beaten by NZ
Team Anna yet to decide on contesting state polls
Sex attack on woman investigated
Eight more bodies found on ship
Thoughts on race relations under a black president
Bairstow hits ton in India tour match
Wind farm developers using 'tricks' to make turbines look smaller
US missiles kill 15 in Pakistan: officials
Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre
Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout
Heavy fighting reported in Damascus
France's Hollande backs Greece but urges credible reform
The Hunger Games breaks US box office record
British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan
Spanish dilemma gets more acute
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
China stocks open lower Friday
Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal
Romney wins Maryland Republican primary
Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen
"Sylvester Stallones son, Sage Stallone, found dead in Hol"
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan
Russian court to rule in Pussy Riot trial
Israel bars German author Grass over poem
"The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012"
U.S. says saddened by shooting on Afghan civilians
East Timor votes in presidential election
Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable
Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade
Syria peace dashed as deadline passes
Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears
"6 dead, several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche"
Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops' secrets
Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice
2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president
Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid
Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six
"Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics"
Pakistan demolishes Osama bin Laden hideout
Sudan accuses Israel of airstrike on arms factory
Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill
Tropical Storm Isaac threatens dam
100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby
Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus
"Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86"
Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline
South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners
Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population
Who cares about the Syrian people?
U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people: Napolitano
"Microsoft's Surface tablet promising, but questions remain"
"Mobster ""Whitey"" Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years"
Mauritanian president shot at
Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial
US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants
"9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa: statement"
Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program
Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA
"Donna Summer, the queen of disco"
Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others
"180 dead, 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes"
Brazil's 'Pop-Star Priest' Gets Mammoth New Stage
Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case
Putin claims victory in presidential vote
Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow
Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate
European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue
Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others
Ukraine's Korobka gets four-year doping ban
Killer may have filmed France school shooting
Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher
Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church
Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis
Israel reaches deal with Palestinian hunger strikers
'Hunger Games' sets box office records
Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
Putin to win Russia's presidential election
"Insight: U.N. chief finds his voice, but remains cautious on China"
Libyans transfer weapons to army
Archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rifts
"Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana, 19 injured"
"George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case, official says"
India: Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians
City Room: Empire State Building Shooting
At least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions
Israeli minister wants Palestinian leader's ouster
NATO leader plays down risk of Turkey-Syria clash
Girl accused of burning Koran bailed
U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons
'Life-Threatening' Storms Feared for Midwest
"General strike ends: Histadrut, Treasury reach agreement"
Indonesian president to visit Australia
"Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention"
At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks: officials
President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany
Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship
Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
Ryanair chief hails report findings
Russian air force's 100th anniversary
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests
Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved
Three killed in horror crash are named
"6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia -- USGS"
Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues
Obama addresses Secret Service scandal
Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster
Syrian PM defects to Jordan
Syrian Arab Republic (the): More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church
UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections
Spaniard on trial for Cuban dissidents death
Peace lies over the South China Sea
Senior journalist killed in Pakistan
SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station
Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS
Syrian Opposition Council to Establish Envoy in France
Romney won't volunteer budget differences
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25 percent
Iran's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad
Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven: officials
GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
Rodney King death ruled accidental
2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded
"Afghans, US sign deal on night raids"
China truck accident kills 20
Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance
Secret Service sex scandal 'regret'
Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait
Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip
Key wants Waitangi marae visit to stay
Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre
When an ally declines
RBA delivers another rate cut
Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms
Obama to meet Batman gun victims
"Romney takes lead over Obama with convention ""bounce"": Reuters/Ipsos poll"
"Two dead, 7 injured in Finland shooting"
Popes butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain
George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m
Lakers fire Mike Brown after 1-4 start
"US, Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings"
UN Assembly to Vote on Syria Resolution
US soldier doesnt recall massacre
"Libyan assembly rejects new cabinet, dismisses PM"
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
"Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war"
"25 injured in anti-Islam film protest in Islamabad, Pakistan"
Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston's death
North warns of retaliation for Seoul's naval drill plan
Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics
What is Russia thinking on Syria? A brief guide
Four injured in motorway crash
"Syria's besieged Baba Amr is deserted, Red Cross says"
Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes
Second day of Egyptian presidential election
Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers
Inflation falls to 15-month low
Susan G Komen in U-turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut
Forex & Gold 19 July 2012
Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive'
USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California
BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $5.55 bn
UK: 300 potential Savile abuse victims emerge
Armstrong standing down from Livestrong
U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen
Syrian opposition reports 'massacre'
Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday
Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi's party claims win
Obama's big Hispanic win worries Republicans
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots
South Africa train crash kills 26
"Syrian forces bombard Homs, Lavrov arrives for talks"
Egyptian election result delayed
EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions
Dozens arrested in Russian TV tower protest
Norway marks anniversary of massacre
Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal
Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday
N. Korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent
Maldives president quits after weeks of protest
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
"Al Qaeda clashes, blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen"
U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
US stocks open higher despite GDP miss
Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains
U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan
Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot
David Miliband: my brother and a return to old Labour
Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo
Commerce secretary to take leave of absence
Wall Street Ends Mixed
Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus
Stock index futures signal early losses
Man charged with murder in flat
US waives riders for Pak aid
Drone strike kills four suspected militants in Pakistan
Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district
"US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan"
Egypt's Mubarak in critical condition
Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising
Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks
"5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel"
"Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt"
British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan
Spain's jobless claims hit new high
Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border
Two year doping ban for Contador
Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers: NGO
China rocked by twin earthquakes
Bank of England deputy denies ordering rate-rigging
Red Cross negotiating Syria ceasefire to bring aid
"Syrian forces, rebels clash near Turkey"
German parliament endorses Greek bailout
"Bombings, clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms"
Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions
Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction
'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria - residents
China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday
5 wounded in Ohio school shooting
Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali
Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call
Armenia's parliamentary vote a test for president
MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow
U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
Romney wins Illinois primary
Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO
US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified
"5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait, Indonesia: USGS"
US designates Haqqani network as terrorists
Button boasts best time after first practice
Rangers voted into third division
Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house
A day of rage in Bahrain
DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open
Homs offensive kills 200
Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim
"Bombs in Thailand kill 14, wound 340"
Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president
French gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands'
10 rockets in 20 minutes in Eshkol Regional Council
May Day marked by protests against austerity cuts
Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo
"Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead"
At least 73 die in Egyptian soccer pitch invasion
Southwest China quakes kill at least 50
Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica
Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba
Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto
"In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy"
Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
Magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off Solomon Islands: USGS
Liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in Shanghai
"U.S., Friends of Syria recognise opposition as sole representative"
Weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal
Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash
Indian PM snubs Commonwealth summit
Syria military police chief defects to rebels
Boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 Dreamliner
White House backs gay marriage
Teenagers among 5 dead in Belgian bus crash
Seven foreign workers kidnapped in Nigeria
"Swiss tourist gang raped in India, say police"
Palestinians clash with security forces in W. Bank
Israel launches airstrike into Syria
Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
'9 Dead' in New Darfur Tribal Clash
6 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
10 killed in road accident in NW Pakistan
Carney sets high bar to changes at Bank of England
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
Suicide bombers attack US base in Afghanistan
Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban
North Korea 'postpones' family unions with South Korea
"U.S. trade agency rules for Samsung, bans iPhone 4 imports"
Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan
David Beckham retires from football
Matt Smith quits BBCs Doctor Who
G20 Summit ends divided over Syria
10 killed in Iraq bomb attack
Man 'who set himself ablaze' on National Mall dies
Series of attacks kill 10 police in Afghanistan
Syrian prime minister 'survives assassination attempt'
Former first lady Barbara Bush leaves hospital
Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident
Eleven killed in China police station attack
Bradley Cooper in talks to play Lance Armstrong in biopic
"Boeing airliner crashes in Russian city of Kazan, 50 killed"
EU ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal
Thai opposition announces election boycott
"Bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 1,000"
Telangana: Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital; blackout continues in Seemandhra
"Central African Republic President, PM stepping down"
Brazil held by England 2-2 as Maracana re-opens
California wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress
George W Bush weighs into immigration debate
Mandela hospitalised after he stops talking
South Korea confirms that North Korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test
Hundreds fall sick in Bangladesh factory
Female suicide bomber kills 16 at Russian station
Ten killed in Russia coal mine blast
Thai protesters storm army headquarters
Israel launches new airstrike against Syria
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
Egypt opposition mulls response to Morsi dialogue call
Wrestling to feature in 2020 Tokyo Olympics
May Housing Starts Up 6.8%
Cuba's Castro to Take Over CELAC Presidency
5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes Iran
Rescuers race to find 20 still trapped in India building collapse
Daily Press Briefing: Syria
Islamists attack Malian troops in Gao
Britain loses bid to deport radical cleric Abu Qatada
Russian parliament to consider ban on U.S. adoptions
"Gunshots, explosions rock Thai protest day ahead of polls"
"Egypt's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood, supporters"
North Korea vows to restart nuclear facilities
"Ariel Castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison"
"It's official: Deal reached on ""fiscal cliff"""
"Zimmerman pulled over in Texas for speeding, given warning"
"Russia, China Concerned About Israeli Airstrikes in Syria"
US allies get help to repel Iranian computer attacks
China stocks close higher on Wednesday
Russia unveils $25bn oil link to Pacific
4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in US home
Dolce and Gabbana Fined in Italian Tax Case
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
Asteroid passes Earth in fly-by
EU to train Mali army to fight northern Islamist militants
Spain turning back the clock on siestas
"Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into Bombs, Awaiting Assad Order"
"15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq"
US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons
"Jenni Rivera, Mexican music star, dies in plane crash"
British PM pushes Sri Lanka on war crimes
Zimbabwe: Mugabe declared winner in disputed vote
Indonesia: Death toll rises to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize
Egypt court bans Muslim Brotherhood 'activities'
Rouhani leads in initial Iran count
Politicians in flag violence talks
North Korea proposes high-level talks with US
Indian rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
"Statement by the spokesperson of the EU High Representative, Catherine Ashton, on the resumption of executions in Iraq"
Egypt bracing for massive protests
Israel agrees to free 104 Palestinian prisoners
Palestinians' first ever UN vote symbolic yet historic
Bangladesh building-collapse death toll climbs to 580
Britain summons Israeli envoy over settlements
"Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting"
Hamas in mixed-sex school 'ban'
Navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death
Turkish Prime Minister signals return to hardline on protesters
Factbox: What to look for in Obama's State of the Union speech
Google 'are playing international tax game'
Iraq backs Egypt crackdown on Mohamed Morsi supporters
Russia gives initial approval to adoption ban
Kosovo: 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case
"Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne to divorce"
Gunman among 7 dead after Fla. apartment shootout
Thousands protest gay marriage in France
Car bombs kill at least 49 in Iraq
Obama puts Syria strike on hold
Air strikes wound civilians in Syria's Deraa
Militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest Pakistan
"Two dead, 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash"
Workers protest after Bangladesh building collapse
Missing cruise passenger is a NSW ambo
Diana and Fayed death info received new The deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Al Fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information.
Snowden releases first Russia video
Chinese shares close higher Friday
Rafa Nadal to miss Australian Open
Indias Modi promises tough stance against Pakistan
Egypt court orders release of Mubarak
Boy Scouts of America delays vote on lifting ban on gays
Car bombing kills 14 in northern Iraq
Joran Van Der Sloots Plans To Get Married In Peru Prison
Tokyo stocks close down 1.53%
China stock index futures close lower -- Jan. 24
Pictures of the day: 11 April 2013
Two Palestinians Killed in an Israeli Air Strike on Gaza
"Jesse Jackson Jr., Wife to Plead Guilty to Fraud"
U.S. expels Venezuelan diplomats
Stuart Hall Admits Sex Assaults On Children
"20 killed, 44 injured in Philippine road accident"
Stansted: Ryanair reports 13% rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year
Stocks to watch at close on Thursday
"On 50th anniversary of JFK death, Dallas holds its first memorial"
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
"Google shares soar past $1,000 on strong earnings"
Italian journalist picked as presidential candidate
Gov't committee approves release of 26 Palestinian prisoners
Philadelphia building collapses; reports of people trapped
Obama meets Zuma and pays tribute to Mandela
U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill
Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
Syria talks agree military aid to rebels
Series of deadly attacks strikes Iraq
Egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities
"Protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, 5 people detained"
Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul
Saudi-born Nigerian charged with terrorism in New York
EU Receives 2012 Nobel Peace Prize
San Fermin bull-running festival starts
Briton among dead in Kabul suicide attack
Former CIA officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak
Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
Pakistan-UN report reveals alarming levels of drug use
McAfee to acquire firewall Stonesoft for $389 million
7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines
Bangladesh: Fugitive Sentenced to Death by War Crimes Tribunal
Alleged cop killer died from gunshot
"Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt"
Musharraf arrested in Pakistan
Iran Nuclear Talks in Geneva Spur High Hopes
12 militants killed in Afghan raids: ministry
North Korea launches short-range missiles
Thai protesters block polling stations in Bangkok
Hugo Chavez: Venezuelan officials for unity
NATO says North Korea nuclear test is grave threat to world peace
North Korea Confirms Third Nuclear Test
Indian stocks open lower
Macau gambling revenue hits record US$38b in 2012
"Israelis, Palestinians begin talks"
Nelson Mandela dies: Live coverage
Some county officials pave the way for same-sex marriage
US Air Force helicopter crew killed in British crash
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympics
Malaysia detains Australian lawmaker at airport
North Korea launches short-range missiles
EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal
U.S. concerns grow about Syria's chemical weapons
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
Chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against USD
Russia invites Syrian opposition for talks
Egyptians Vote On New Constitution
Former England great Tom Finney dies at 91
Car bomb hits Libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in Afghanistan
Syria talks for Cameron and Putin
French-led troops control access to Timbuktu
Nato solider dies in Afghanistan
Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
Delhi gang-rape verdict deferred again
Most French support military operation in Mali
Egyptians vote on constitution change
Senate leaders appear close to US debt ceiling deal
4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China
"6 dead, 33 hurt in Cotabato blast"
Chairman of British no-frills airline easyJet to step down
Japan urges U.S. to quickly handle budget deadlock
Suicide Bomber Kills 11 in Afghanistan
Senate Judiciary Committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill
NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
Man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in Suffolk
40 still missing in Canadian train wreck
Tunisia opposition leader slain; protests erupt
UN chief presses for major boost in Syrian aid
Stocks slump on Wall Street
Protests and appeals for calm after Zimmerman acquitted of Trayvon Martin murder
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow
"2 killed, 6 wounded in clashes in northern Lebanon"
All Eyes on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set
Radio prankster in tears over nurses death
N. Korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch
Gates blast rocks Obama administration
Jeff Bezos Pays $250 Million For The Washington Post
Brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing
Purge of Kim uncle sends chilling message to North Koreas elite
South Africa's former PM Nelson Mandela back in hospital
Obama pledges to make new health care law work
Fresh rain brings more flooding
Thousands protest gay marriage in Paris
Zambia arrests ex-leader Banda over oil deal
Iran nuclear talks start in Geneva
Thai protesters besiege more ministries
Amazon's Bezos buys Washington Post for $250-M
Obama encourages Boy Scouts to end ban on gays
Car bomb kills four in Hezbollah Beirut bastion: minister
Arab League welcomes US-Russian deal on Syria
Gun battles in Central African capital create fresh panic
Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission
EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 1-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
David Beckham Retires From Football
"Libya closes borders, declares martial law in south"
5.0-magnitude quake jolts Japan
Lara plans visit to Nepal
Taliban prison break: 250 militants escape after attack on Pakistan jail
"Meteorite hits central Russia, 400 hurt"
"Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads"
NATO protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges
"Obama: Congress, world credibility on line"
At least 33 dead as big quake hits Pakistan
Egypt's interior minister survives bomb attack
China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action
Egypt freezes Muslim Brotherhood funds
Russian meteorite leaves building gaping open
Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM
Egypt's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood
Assembly meets amid Chavez crisis
Syria opposition agrees to talks
Suicide Bombers Kill 3 Soldiers in Pakistan
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
Kabul Bank Heads Sentenced for Corruption
US drone strike kills seven in North Waziristan
Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay
Briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors
China police seek eight suspects over crash
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Russias Volgograd
"15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq"
Kerry postpones visit to Israel in one week
EU jobless hits fresh record
Nelson Mandela's health 'unstable'
Bailout terms prompt run on Cyprus banks
Americans scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline
Lance Armstrong confesses to doping in Oprah interview
David Cameron: Andy Murray deserves a knighthood
Hushen 300 Index closes lower -- March 12
State Dept security chief resigns after Benghazi
NRA official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks
Honduras ambassador resigns after alleged embassy orgy
Libya destroys last chemical weapons
Iran: Moderate candidate wins presidential vote
Three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan
"Suicide bombs hit Egypt military in Sinai, kill 4"
"Asian markets lifted by positive US, China data"
Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey
Dozens injured as Morsi supporters clash with security forces
5.5-magnitude quake hits off Taiwan
Pistorius officer on attempted murder charges
Vinnie Jones reveals he has skin cancer
"Pakistan Taliban vows revenge, to repay Hakimullah's killing in bloodshed"
'Dozens killed' in Syrian air strike on bakery
Gunmen kill 6 polio workers in Pakistan
Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film
Destruction of Syria's Chemical Weapons Could Prove Difficult
"California wildfire forces evacuation of homes, university"
UN: US drone strikes violate Pakistan's sovereignty
Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect
Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for Israeli-Palestinian Talks
Oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister
Death toll in Kenya bus attack rises to six
"Russia, Syria Work on 'Concrete' Chemical Weapons Plan"
Australian PM insists no argument with Indonesia
Asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of U.S. debt deal
'Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad resigns'
South Africa admits possible 'mistake' over deaf signer at Mandela memorial
"Iran vows to preserve ""peaceful"" nuclear program"
"Oh, little town of Bethlehem  for real"
Peacekeeper killed in Abyei clash
"Obama: Patriot missile batteries, troops to stay in Jordan near Syrian border"
Stocks fall on third day of government shutdown
Equatoguineans vote in legislative polls
NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
Israeli soldiers kill Palestinian woman in West Bank
Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria
Egypt launches new assault against Sinai militants
A battle to retake north Mali: Hundreds of French troops drive back al-Qaida-linked rebels
India: Tear Gas Fired At Gang Rape Protesters
"Syria, opposition agree 'in principle' to attend peace conference"
Asiana Air Boeing 777 crash lands at San Francisco airport
Myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque
Fiscal cliff: House delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live
Man Charged After Buckingham Palace Arrest
'5 snowboarders killed in Colorado avalanche'
Ban to review Syria chemical arms accord
Iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke
Malaysia's ruling coalition wins majority
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut
Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting
Hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending
US bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to Russia
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood Stands Behind Morsi
NATO strike kills 11 Afghan children
Iranian minister blames West for failed nuke talks
"Flooding Forces 75,000 From Canada Homes"
Eight NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan
Typhoon Fitow slams into southeastern China
Mandela movie to open this month in South Africa
"Exit polls shows Putin ally wins Moscow vote, Navalny cries foul"
Not guilty plea for James Holmes  but insanity option still on table
At least 13 killed in triple car bombings in Iraq's Diyala
Chris Brown concerts cancelled new
Apple app sends drivers to airport
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Pope Francis Slips Out of Vatican for Prayers
US Senate has Rare Sunday Session Days Amid Fiscal Impasse
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March
"Belarus, Latvia to set up border commission"
Iraq violence kills seven
Protests continue in Brazil
Bedouin release two Britons seized in Egypt's Sinai
"Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal"
Israel called to account over latest settlement plans by European countries
Obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner
Allen defends self against Farrow's abuse claims
1000 prisoners escape from Libyan jail
Photos show N. Korea nuclear readiness
Forex & Gold 12 March 2013
Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border
UN votes to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons
Edward Snowden's father in Moscow
Pakistani Taleban chief killed in US drone strike
"Now, militants battle Pakistani police"
Muslim Brotherhood supporters die in Egypt clashes
Facebook profits jump as user base expands
Syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict
Thirty Dead In Italian Bus Plunge
"Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal"
China stocks close lower on Thursday
"Bulgaria President Backs Protesters, Opposes Snap Elections"
Indonesia: Six dead in Indonesian volcanic eruption
Italy to swear in new coalition government
"South Africans mourn, celebrate Mandela"
"For first time in history, Technion to teach engineering in Russia"
Indian stocks open higher
Maldives holds fresh presidential election
Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie
One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building
"What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013"
"Israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes"
Piers Morgan Interviewed by Police in Hacking Case
Mumbai journalist gang-rape case: All five accused arrested
Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid
Pakistani girl shot by Taliban appears on video
Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet
China court sentences Bo Xilai to life imprisonment for corruption
End 'near' for Syria's chemical weapons
Egypt: Egypt crackdown sparks global outrage
Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood
Suicide bomber kills 10 in Pakistan
Pakistan Shi'ites demand protection from militants
Train driver in Spain crash questioned by judge
Singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower
Men in China detained after taking girls to hotel
Russia asks UN to consider its inquiry of Syria chemical arms use
Philippines and rebels reach 'wealth deal'
Urgent: Death toll from NE China fire rises to 112
Imran Khan to contest elections from four NA seats
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company to fold
Texans coach Gary Kubiak in stable condition after collapse
Taliban commander killed in US drone strike
Car bomb in northern Syria kills 20
North Korea Shuts Last Remaining Hotline to South
Over 70 dead in Spanish high-speed train crash
Egypt sentences Pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling
French train passengers tell of crash ordeal
Former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes dies at 74
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution
Obamas to meet Mandela family wont visit hospital
Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
Three feared dead after helicopter pub crash
Nigerian MP charged with accepting $3m bribe
Rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade
Israel's Peres calls for return to peace talks
Obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1:15 PM
Indian stocks close lower
US makes case for action against Syria
Mourners clash with police in Tunisia
China flu death toll rises to six
Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372
Questions arise over chemical weapons claims in Syria
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
Indian troops raid Pakistani military post
Pope Benedict XVI departs Vatican for last time
Chinese vice premier meets Australian Governor-General
Brazil leader promises reform vote
Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast
Five dead as Indonesia train collides with fuel truck
Israel unveils plans for new settler homes
Miss New York is crowned Miss America
Austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home
US House backs new sanctions before Iran inauguration
Suspected US drone kills 6 militants in Yemen
Man sets himself on fire at Washington's National Mall
27 killed in attacks across Iraq
Thousands protest gay marriage in France
India Ink: Image of the Day: March 20
Watch live: US Capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired
Shanghai Free Trade Zone begins operation
"6 killed, 12 injured in blast in NW Pakista"
At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Court upholds death sentences for Mekong murderers
Abduction teacher to be sentenced
Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast Hits Pakistan School Bus
N Korean ship carrying Cuba missiles seized
Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank
Protests planned across Brazil despite concessions
Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
South Korean workers set to leave joint factory zone
Benedict comes home to new house and new Pope
Suicide bomber kills 14 at Russian train station
Cambodia opposition head turns to parliament in poll bid
Syrian opposition to name delegation for talks
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
"John Boehner: from humble origin, fiscal cliff may be his undoing"
Sinai car bomb kills at least 10 Egyptian soldiers
Kerry: No deal yet in nuclear talks with Iran
Indian building collapse death toll rises to 72
98 dead in Central African Republic after clashes
Bomb threat forces evacuation at Princeton
Turkey unrest: Unions call for strike over police crackdown
Moody's upgrades Greek credit rating
Sudanese police block protest at human rights commission
Russia delivers humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees in Lebanon
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
South Africa's Nelson Mandela Hospitalized
Pope Francis commemorates dead migrants at Lampedusa
Justice Adly Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
Blast kills nine in southern Afghanistan: officials
Kenya: Pair Arrested By Anti-Terror Police
Obama to set out gun control plans
Only two bombs found in Boston Marathon attack
US to destroy Syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea
Pakistan PM for deeper economic ties with Sri Lanka
Three storey building collapses in Ebute Meta
"Bomb explodes at Athens shopping mall, 2 wounded"
Dozens killed in Laos plane crash
3 dead in Maryland mall shooting
'War crime': U.N. finds sarin used in Syria chemical weapons attack
6 killed in Mexico monster truck crash
Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
"Virginia's ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife charged with corruption"
US sprinter Tyson Gay tests positive for banned substance
Magnitude-6.0 quake jolts Santa Cruz Islands: CENC
Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday
Egypt court orders Mubarak freed
Police converge on street in search for Boston bomb suspect
"1 dead, 39 injured in E China road accident"
Bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites
Women drivers to face insurance premium rise
"Tornadoes, damaging storms hit U.S. Midwest, killing 5"
China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
"IAEA, Iran to hold first nuclear talks since Rohani election"
China Premier Li rejects 'groundless' US hacking accusations
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charged in Boston Marathon bombing
Picture of the Day
Son of Chinese army singers gets 10 years' jail for gang rape
Police seek gunmen in New Orleans Mother's Day parade shooting
Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet
Pope thanks public for joining his Syria vigil
East Timor Bans Martial Arts Schools Amid Killings
Afghan president approves new electon law
Pak army adamant on fighting the other Taleban
Egypt's Morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears
South Africa holds state funeral for Mandela
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
Quiz crossword - Saturday 27th April
Costa Concordia survivors detail experience one year later
Israeli minister slams Kerrys boycott warning
Angelina Jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer
Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
10 Things to Know for Today
"White House, defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts"
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez dies of cancer at 58
Zambia's ex-President Rupiah Banda arrested
US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
"Palestinian prisoner dies of cancer, unrest in Israel jails"
Asian Markets up on Strong US Jobs Data
"15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq"
Indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies
Why Cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense
Bianca Ojukwu becomes APGA national leader
U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria
Five Killed in Blasts in India
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood deputy head arrested
Strong earthquake in western China kills at least 75
Snowden thanks Russia for granting asylum
US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair
French forces seize key town
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
Mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake Oklahoma City area
"Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting"
Palestinian president wants Israelis to talk peace
Malala leaves British hospital
Man and woman found dead in Essex hotel swimming pool
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Miranshah
Residents return to Fallujah
South Africa unites in prayer and song for Nelson Mandela
Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance
Portugal-China to strengthen scientific research ties
Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher
New glories for China in striving for renewal
Apple stock plunges 11% after earnings disappointment
EU lifts diamond sanctions against Zimbabwe
occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians Face a Route to Nowhere
50 survivors found in Bangladesh factory
Egypt seeks to lure investors ...
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
"Hamas senior denies Gaza, PA coordinated on peace talks"
Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen election win
Obama canceled meeting with Putin
KL shares mixed at mid-day
US drone strike kills at least ten in Pakistan
Egypt court turns down Mubarak's release request
Franois Hollande threatens legal action over affair claims
At least 47 Iranian exiles killed at Iraq's Camp Ashraf
Pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges
Israeli credibility on line over Iran nuclear challenge
'Judge at polls directs voters on Egypt constitution vote'
Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson pressing North Korean test ban
Helicopter crashes in London
Jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
"Japan, S Korean military planes defy China's new defence zone"
Typhoon Bopha kills 15 in S. Philippines
Car bomb rocks Hezbollah stronghold in Lebanon
S Korea opposition candidate closes poll gap
"8 dead, 11 missing in SW China landslide"
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
At Least 47 Killed In Baquba Blasts
Britain Sees Evidence Assad Could Use Chemical Weapons
Algeria hostage death toll rises
French set for Mali ground combat
Testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begins
"Storm death toll rises as wind, rain batters north. Europe"
Pakistan releases seven Afghan Taliban fighters
New Zealand legalizes same-sex marriage
Weatherman Fred Talbot Held Over 'Sex Abuse'
Pakistan drone strike kills up to six
India building collapse kills 14; dozens trapped
Syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in Lebanon
Syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town
Israel releases 26 more Palestinian prisoners
More than 70 dead in clashes at Morsi rallies in Egypt
Thai protesters launch Bangkok 'shutdown'
Spanish train driver Garzon to be questioned by judge
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria
British soldier shot dead in Afghan insider attack
61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede
Glasgow Helicopter Crash: At Least Six Dead
Taliban denies involvement in Boston marathon bombing
Swiss tourist gang-raped in India
India issues red alert for cyclone Phailin
Discipline against student thought to be key to motive
Many killed in Syrian air strike
India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night
"Clinton returns to work, plans to testify on Benghazi attack"
Tens of thousands line up to cast votes in Bhutan
Afghan president extends visit to Pakistan for Taliban talks
Thieves steal Channel swimmer's wheelchair
Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square
Singapore shares open higher on Thursday
Obama to press Congress to act on economy
Twin quakes kill 89 in China
"Whitey Bulger gets life for racketeering, killings"
Official says Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
Islamist parties in Egypt unite for elections
Bangladesh building collapse: death toll climbs to 580
Algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath
Egypt: Child killed in Cairo clashes after pro-Morsi protest
South Africa: Mandela remains in hospital
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Police arrest suspect in deadly LA driving attack
Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
Guatemala overturns former dictator's genocide conviction
North Korea shoots 2 rockets
Prince Charles 'compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'
Explosion near Damascus military airport
Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy
Egypt: Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters
Top Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program
Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow
Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day
EU foreign ministers seek solution on Syria arms
Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
Stocks to watch on Monday
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks
Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'
Snowden's hits hurdles in search for asylum
4 killed in building collapse in southern India
Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail
5 hurt in Gaza City car accident
Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal
2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon
Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack
US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors
Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14
Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
Zimbabwes opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabes election win
Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
South Africa's rugby fraternity mourns Mandela
Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower
World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up
U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
"The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013"
"2 killed, dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan"
NYPD's twitter campaign backfires
Turkish Search Ends as Last Missing Miners Found
Tentative Deal Reached to Resume Israeli-Palestinian Talks - US
Baftas 2013: Olivia Colman picks up two awards
Titanic violin sells for $1.7 million
Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $9.5 bn
Sienna Miller attacks press for titillating reports at hacking trial
Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem
Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors
House set to vote on plan to reopen government
Cory Monteith found dead: Canadian Glee star was 31
"BEIRUT: Lebanon's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over"
Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken
Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays
World's oldest ever man dies aged 116
mobile world congress future smartphone
1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45
Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial
Bangladesh factory owners arrested
3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing
China sends carrier to South China Sea
Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains
Merkel: Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe
Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95
Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'
Nazi chief buried in Jewish cemetary
Swiss cast ballots on world's highest minimum wage
Rudd sworn in as Australia's new Prime Minister
"Come and get me, says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow"
Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer
Coronation Street stars hail 'amazing' new set
Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series
At least 89 dead in China earthquakes
A New iPad Is Coming
Earthquake death toll rises to 260
David Beckham Retires From Football
Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'
North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
China no longer top investment destination: poll
Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Thousands of Morsi supporters gather in Egypt
UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan
US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
Police fire tear gas at protesters
Thai protesters disrupt advance voting
China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility
China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions
Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week
India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
Police confirm how suspect was captured
Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle
Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $3 billion
Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria
Syria: Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention
Queen names giant aircraft carrier
Bangladesh prison van ambushed
Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali
Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
Ten killed in Alaska plane crash
70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact
Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud
Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital
China launches first moon rover mission
EU finance ministers talks b...
Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75%
Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search
Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
N. Korea fires short-range missiles
Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague
South Korea ferry captain arrested
Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary
Hackney shooting: Teenager Shereka Marsh 'bled to death after being shot in neck'
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
China sends aid team to Philippines
France loses influence in Europe
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
Britain's debt timebomb: Nine million are in 'serious debt'
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
Five killed by bomb blast in East India
A new Cold War?
Cuba's 'Ladies' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later
Two killed in Arizona skydiving accident
Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank
World mourns passing of Mandela
Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
Singapore shares open lower on Monday
Suicide bomber kills 13 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad
"Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue, say they're mocked"
Thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in Moscow Metro
Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse
At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
Many killed in Syrian air strike
Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation
"Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home"
Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia
Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
Indian minister killed in head-on collision
BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter
Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria
Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine
No agreement at Iran nuclear talks
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
"2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq"
Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign
Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
"Outrage After Indian Girl, 6, Raped at Her School"
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks
Military holds upper hand in Egypt
Five dead in Canada train crash
Bin Laden's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack
Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service
"Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators"
Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail
Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack
U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
China manufacturing expands in September
Facebook to test mobile payments service
"Today in History, April 23"
UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution
Death toll rises to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse
Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings
Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters
Sewol ferry disaster: Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found
Nelson Mandela's condition improves
Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes
US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls
Prince George christened in London
Monty Python to reunite on stage
Belgian Prime Minister sends condolences to victims
The Lede: Video: Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase
Egypt holding key vote on constitution
"Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal"
Israel classifies Jerusalem natives as noncitizens
Zimbabwe: 'Grave Concerns' Over Election
Indian stocks open higher
Stars pay tribute to James Garner
"Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch"
Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar; no injuries
North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
Western powers scramble to befriend Modi
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
"Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq, kills 15"
Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack
Five dead in Indonesian eruption
At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself
Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York
Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines
Thai bonds best in region
Christie investigation heats up
Obama and O'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents' Dinner
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears
Jiroemon Kimura: World's oldest person dies aged 116
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
Colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history
Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand
Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban
"News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31  August 6, 2013)"
UN Chief: Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria
Iran's nuclear quest 'has cost Tehran over $100 billion'
German factory orders rebound in January
Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands
Egyptian death toll rises to 638
Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine: FM
Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion
Rock Bands' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill.
Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria
U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik
Sixteen killed in Venezuela prison
U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
Palestinians: We Don't Want Kerry Mission to Fail
Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall
"Seamus Heaney, Irish poet and Nobel winner, dies at 74"
Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border
Suicide bomber kills at least 4 in Kabul
Weiner falls to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll
"Senate, House on collision course on border money"
Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
US Secretary of State John Kerrys wife rushed to hospital
Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace
North Korea Offers Talks: Complex May Re-Open
Egypt court orders Mubarak release
Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital's Old City
One week later: Boston honors bombing victims; suspect unable to speak
US tourist gang-raped in northern India: Police
UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital
Cyprus probes Ukraine assets
NKorea executes Kim Jong Un' uncle
Merkel to attend World Cup final
Mandela remains in 'intensive care'
Sewol ferry crew faces trial
Egyptians Voting on New Constitution
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
China expands search area for missing plane
"Cricket-England 155-4 v Australia, fourth test - tea"
Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars
Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast
India Ink: Image of the Day: January 16
Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt
Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions
"When is Prince George's christening? Baptism plan, royal baby's godparents and all the details"
"What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013"
Google redesigns search results on PCs
Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
North and South Korea break their silence with talks
Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president
Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke
Death toll rises as Kenya mall siege continues
Manchester City win English Premier League title
MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands
Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack
Oil slips below $108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks
38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
UN closes in on landmark arms treaty
Obama's day: Prime time on Syria
North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park
China stocks close lower on Thursday
Court orders political ban on Italys Berlusconi
WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person
Nelson Mandela returns to hospital in serious but stable condition
Mexico storm death toll continues to rise
British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens
Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan
Tottenham v Manchester City  live!
"Business news and markets: as it happened, June 20, 2013"
"Iran, world powers pledge new nuclear talks"
Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast
76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
N. Korea fires short-range missiles
Bomb kills three in northwest Pakistan
Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
"Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul"
Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
Fire destroys Tibetan town in China
Yahoo to Buy Tumblr for $1.1 Billion
India voters kick off worlds biggest election
Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo
Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85
Search narrowed for missing man
Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill
Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive
Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21
Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive
US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan
Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia
Nelson Mandela taken to hospital
Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line
At least 18 killed in North Caucasus train station blast
Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...
Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad
Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area
China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day
Muslims pray for end to divisions
"Separatists down Ukraine military plane, several dead"
Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17
Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
GE posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
Trayvon Martin could have been ...
China ships enter waters off disputed islands
"Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze"
Explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
Turkey's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria
Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan
Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension
Obama to meet with Mandela family
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption
Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon
Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan
CCTV: York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners
Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell
Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car
Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149
Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
Pope hits out at war to sell arms in Syria
Pakistan's Musharraf arrives at court for first time
Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle
Indias march to Mars
Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'
Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
Rio de Janeiro airport workers strike on eve of World Cup
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
"Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal"
Hot Air Balloon 'Catches Fire And Crashes'
World unites for Mandela memorial
Indonesians vote for president in tight race
KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
"What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013"
Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box
Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
Obama To Meet Embattled Veterans Secretary
China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday
US praises Ukraine deal; calls for concrete action
Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal
S. Korea demands talks with N. Korea on closed factory
Telstra applies to list China site in NY
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18
Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva
Waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach
Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria
Peru protesters clash with police
"15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq"
Indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape
"Ukraine's top court dismisses Crimea's independence as ""unconstitutional"""
Cabinet at war over arming Syrian rebels
Hong Kong stocks close 2.33% higher
"43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq"
Indian rape accused found guilty
Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
"Snowden sees ""no chance"" to get fair trial in U.S."
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6
Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Queen meets Britain's new baby prince
Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests
N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident
Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation
Wall Street ends slightly lower
Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference
Britain rejects Syria military action
New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
Senegalese president to visit China
"In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On"
Missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'crashes off Vietnam'
Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
Stars pay tribute to James Garner
Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats
"The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013"
Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
UK's Prince Philip hospitalized
Japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike
School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand
Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack
"Westgate attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi, says official"
U.N. Security Council Calls for Unconditional Cease-Fire in Gaza
6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan: CENC
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Canadian government 'monitoring' train blast situation
'No plans' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK
Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep
China yuan weakens to 6.1510 against USD
US: Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release
Morsi supporters march in Egypt
Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies
Bodies of missing Israeli teens found in West Bank
Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports
"Putin speaks on Ukraine, protesters rebuild barricades"
Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'
"Two dead, nine hurt in French building collapse"
Chinese stocks close lower Thursday
India Ink: Image of the Day: March 4
"Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan"
Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief
Sudanese protesters demand the regime's ouster
Iraq army claims victory in Tikrit
Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria
"Israel, Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce"
S Korea bus station fire kills seven
Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
Tokyo stocks open up 0.52%
Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka
Crocodile victim's body recovered
Ten killed in new blast in Russia
'Glee' star Cory Monteith found dead
Kenya Red Cross says death toll rises to 68
Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
Iran's Khamenei renews support for nuclear talks
"Turkish police fight protesters, clear square"
HSE boss defends medical-card plan
Italys centre-left splinters in presidential vote
Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank raid
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1
Syria rebels: We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon
Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
"First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America"
EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list
Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal
"What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013"
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid
11 children killed in Syria bombings
Two are trapped as US building collapses
Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea
China returns 10 children abducted from Vietnam
U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House
Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip
Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria
Timelapse of Costa Concordia operation
Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
Australian PM Rudd calls Sept. 7 poll
UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point
Bangladesh: Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election
Obama in direct confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
DC votes to decriminalize pot
Mandela spends third day in hospital
North Korean intrigue: The execution of power
Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit
Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt
Stocks inch higher in early trading
Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial
Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24
Boston bombing suspect buried
Toll from India building collapse hits 25
US stocks retreat on manufacturing data
Five People Charged With Terror Offences
US Government Shutdown: Obama tells Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talks
"No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says"
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm
Glasgow Helicopter Crash: Woman PC Is Victim
Quotations of the day
Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
Remains in Winchester could be King Alfred the Great
Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona
'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
France urges EU to be united on Syria
"Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother"
China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights
China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
"Man, 40, arrested after shooting"
Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir
Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan
Iran urges rapid release of diplomat
Texas house provisionally approves abortion law
N Korea 'fires 100 shells' into the sea
Woman dies in Co Cork house fire
"Syria missile kills 26, including 8 kids"
Nominations open for e.TV Ghana Most Influential Awards
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 2
France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali
Gunmen Attack Hotel In Remote Pakistani Province
Israel And Hamas 'Accept Temporary Truce'
China's online population rises to 618 mln
Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119
Iran rejects MKO claim on nuclear site
Minister's wife's death 'unnatural'
"4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow"
'Ready to go home:' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital
02:41 156 killed in China earthquake
Afghan president delays signing US deal
Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know
Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from Iran invitation
Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace
Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member
Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact
"Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital"
Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US
Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4
"Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000"
Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela's presidency
Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq
Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president
Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks
16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq
NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
"Iran nuclear experts, world powers to resume talks next week"
Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
At least 6 dead in Paris train crash
Chinese president meets Indian vice president
AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion
Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid
Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week
Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza
Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel
Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress
Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes
7 Things to Know About Ethanol
China's stocks close lower on Monday
William Hague: US decision to halt missile test 'sensible'
Fire in Beijing kills ten
"India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers"
Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. Diplomats
"Heavy Smog Hits North China City, Flights Canceled"
Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria
Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Mans Death
"Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani"
Stolen skulls found in home museum
Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents
"At least 1 dead, 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave"
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks
Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'
09:32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
China's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea
Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget
Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
Old TV alignments crack at the edges
UN: Iran Invited to Attend Syrian Peace Conference
Starbucks clears college degree path for workers
Police: Utah soccer referee punched by player dies
Malawi's new president sworn in after disputed elections
Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers
Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan
Typhoon Haiyan: world sends relief to battered Philippines
Palestinian activist detained in Israeli raid
Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution
S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster
American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain
Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
"Driver backs into mom, stroller with child then drives off"
Spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe
Senate approves Obama nominee to key appeals court
UN Rights Chief Presses Egypt on Morsi Detention
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
Syrian rebel groups battle each other in north
Mayawati demands Presidents rule in Jammu and Kashmir
Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
"Rocks, tear gas fly as Thai protests heat up"
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
6 killed in Philippines restaurant blast
China army newspaper slams US's PRISM program
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from parliament
Two killed in Bahrain car blast
Russia warns it will 'respond' if interests in Ukraine attacked
Mubarak retrial adjourned to June
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat
Couple get married in Britain's first Scientology wedding
Qatari emir hands power to son Tamim
"Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000"
Egypt braces for Friday of anger after bloody crackdown
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series
China lands robot rover on moon
Ukraine's parliament votes to dismiss president
Venezuela lawmakers brawl over election
North Korea warns foreigners in South to evacuate
Captain of capsized S Korean Ferry Arrested
Cars plunge into river as US bridge collapses
"Death toll in Syria over 100,000 so far"
Communist rebels kill eight Philippine police
Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break
Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
"Thailand's army declares martial law, denies coup"
Woman dies riding roller coaster at Texas amusement park
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
At least 100 dead as typhoon batters Philippines
India's first post office savings bank ATM inaugurated in Chennai
Israel agrees to 24-hour Gaza truce
Earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
British stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in Alps
What makes India vote? Debate at Jaipur Literature Festival
White diamond fetches record $34m at HK auction
Malaysia: Chinese satellite found object in ocean
Hamas calls on Hezbollah to pull forces out of Syria
"China welcomes US, Russia deal on Syria chemical weapons"
13:23 PSNI 'failed RUC officer families'
Stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers
Police helicopter crashes on top of bar in Glasgow
"US, UN up pressure on Israel over Gaza"
Australian PM confident sounds are from Flight 370
Mandela's condition has 'worsened over past 48 hours'
Philippe ascends throne of divided Belgium
India's Anti-Graft Party Forms Government in Delhi
Spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion
UN urges Syria gas attack inspection
Shots fired at German ambassador's residence in Athens
Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests
Okla. inmate dies of heart attack after botched execution
Italian President Napolitano elected for second term
UN War Crimes Court Convicts Six Bosnians Croats
Saudi Man Traveling With Pressure Cooker Arrested
North Korea says detained American tourist to face trial
Thai protesters call general strike
Egypt announces one-month state of emergency nationwide
"Across US, people rally for 'Justice for Trayvon'"
"UNICEF calls for immediate safe access to women, children in Homs"
"Hagel laments ""political"" changes to US defence budget"
Sony to axe PC unit in major business overhaul
Police: Gunman killed 6 in California shootings
North Korea deports detained US war veteran
Searchers hoping pings come from lost Malaysian airliner
Mandela's family thanks nation and world for support
Ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis
"Obama urges military action against Syria, but will seek Congress' OK"
Syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt
Jordan elected to UN security council seat that Saudi Arabia rejected
More than 60 killed at Iraq funeral
Peaceful anti-G8 protest held in Belfast
George Zimmerman Verdict Propels Cable News Into Talkradio Mode
Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay
Mandela in Hospital for 3rd Day
Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
Saudi women drive in protest with little problem
President Obama warns Russia to stay out of Ukraine
Nelson Mandela Goes Home After Hospital Stay
Fed expected to maintain stimulus
The impact of sanctions on Russia
Worker dies at World Cup stadium
How does world's cheapest car do in crash test?
Debt inspectors reach agreement with Greece
Murray wins Wimbledon title ends Britains 77year agony
US: Russia Massing Troops on Ukraine Border
What we know so far about chemical weapons in Syria's civil war
New major earthquake rocks southwest Pakistan
Kremlin: Putin yet to decide on using Russian troops in Ukraine
North Korean leader sends 'special envoy' to China
"Turkish PM Erdogan says ""duty"" to order crackdown on Istanbul park protest"
Pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical
Singapore shares open 0.19% higher on Thursday
Who was 'Jihadi John?'
Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19
US Attorney general Eric Holder to resign
"U.S., EU Boost Sanctions On Russia"
Top Asian News 1:25 p.m. GMT
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
US House Republicans eye reluctant Ryan for speaker
Top Asian News 8:39 a.m. GMT
Singapore shares open 0.06% lower on Tuesday
China treasury bond futures close mixed Wednesday
Attorney General Eric Holder to Resign
Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19
China issues yellow alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
Saudi airstrikes in Yemen's capital kill 29
Militants attack UN as Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
6.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off Indonesia
Tokyo shares open higher tracing U.S. gains
Iran hardliners attack nuclear deal
Hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches
Iraq suicide bomber kills at least 12
Sierra Leone Reaches Final Day of Ebola Lockdown
Tokyo shares open higher following strong U.S. performance
"Two killed, seventeen injured in Raiwind road accident"
"Over 2,000 migrants rescued from wooden boats in Mediterranean"
Lewis Hamilton wins inaugural Russian GP
UN Security Council urges Yemen's Houthis to end...
Israeli security forces arrest 8 Palestinians in overnight West Bank sweeps
"2 dead, 8 injured in central Israel traffic accident"
Markets Live: China drags
Palestinian Shot by Israeli Police in East Jerusalem Dies
Suspected Boko Haram attacks kill dozens in Nigeria
UK 'concern' over Hong Kong protests
Russian roulette in Syria
19 killed in Tunis museum attack
Live Blog: Iraq In Turmoil
Guineans Go to the Polls in Presidential Elections
Prince William of Britain arrives in Beijing
Vice President of Bolivia to visit China
Islamic State posts second propaganda video of UK hostage
"Iran, Tajikistan sign cooperation agreement"
Texas hospital worker tests positive for Ebola
Turkey 'exploits' Syrian refugees
China disagrees with U.S. sanctions program on overseas cyber attackers
"38 IS militants killed in clashes, air strikes in Iraq"
"12 Dead, Despite Cease-fire in East Ukraine"
Greece concerns drag on Asia markets
West Ham beats Newcastle 2-0 in Premier League
Israeli leader urges calm in Jerusalem
Mixed Progress Reported in Fight Against Islamic State
Egypt sentences Al Jazeera journalists to jail
occupied Palestinian territory: Israel warns on security as Gaza truce talks resume
"India's top court orders investigation into job scam, deaths"
Chinese military reaches out amid South China Sea tensions
Montenegrin police fire teargas to disperse opposition
"Death toll in Nepal earthquake tops 8,000"
Ashya King's parents freed from jail in Spain
US ramps up response to Ebola crisis
Thousands of Russians stranded abroad
Harry Kane leaves it late to rescue a point for Tottenham Hotspur
'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz' Sentenced to Four Years in Prison
Pro-Palestinian activists prepare flotilla to break Gaza blockade
Menendez faces possible corruption charges
Heat flash detected at time of Russian airliner crash
Cameron to hold talks with Sturgeon on UK future
US Senator Ted Cruz to announce presidential bid
EPL clubs out to avoid Champions League woes
Iran arrests several spies near nuclear plant
Press awash with Nigeria\'s general elections
"South Korea reports 14th Mers death, 12 new cases"
Tour De France Pack Sets off for Stage 15
Spanish bulls gore seven to death
China keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by Russian President
Belarus tightens security along the border with Ukraine
South Korean woman in contact with MERS patient dies
Obama vows to save Iraqis stranded on mountain
Observatory says Russian air strikes kill 45 in Syria
"Police abandon posts in Lesotho, fear for lives"
N Korea hit with new US sanctions
Hong Kong student leaders mull protest retreat
UK says investigating 2 suspected MERS cases
Why Cyprus backs Cameron's push for UK air strikes in Syria
Johor crowns its fifth Sultan
"Iran reiterates support for Iraq, Syria"
Poland president loses to challenger
Palestinian official slams Israel's stone-throwing bill
University of Florida frat accused of spitting on wounded war veterans
PM Narendra Modi speaks of non-discrimination and equality
UN chief condemns attack against peacekeepers in Mali
Pakistan protests ceasefire violations by India
Permalink to Two killed in Germany train accident
Security tightened at New Delhi churches after attacks
Pilot killed as US jet crashes in England
Merkel pledges NATO solidarity with Latvia
Egyptian boat crash death toll rises as more bodies found in Nile
President Xi: China to continue help to fight Ebola
China Scrambles to Reassure Jittery Stock Traders
The Latest on Severe Weather: 1 Dead in Texas After Tornado
A man with a hard hat is dancing.
A young child is riding a horse.
A man is feeding a mouse to a snake.
A woman is playing the guitar.
A woman is playing the flute.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A man is erasing a chalk board.
A woman is carrying a boy.
Three men are playing guitars.
A woman peels a potato.
People are playing cricket.
A man is playing a guitar.
The cougar is chasing the bear.
The man cut down a tree with an axe.
The man is playing the guitar.
A man is finding something.
The girl sang into a microphone.
A man is climbing a rope.
Kittens are eating food.
A man is speaking.
A woman is cooking eggs.
A man is playing a guitar.
An animal is chewing on something.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is playing soccer.
A girl is riding a horse.
A man is lifting weights in a garage.
An animal is biting a persons finger.
A woman is reading.
A man is crying.
The lady cracked an egg into a bowl.
A band is performing on a stage.
Elephants are walking down a trail.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man sitting on the floor plays a guitar.
A puppy plays with a plastic container.
A man plays the violin.
A man plays the piano.
A man is eating food.
A man is playing a basketball.
A toddler walks down a hallway.
A plane is landing.
A panda is climbing.
Kids are dancing on stage.
A man plays a guitar.
A woman is slicing a meat.
A woman is taking a picture.
The man is riding a horse.
A man is drilling a hole in a board.
A man is fitting silencer on a pistol.
Two little girls are talking on the phone.
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
A woman puts flour on a piece of meat.
A man is talking on a phone.
A man is playing an electronic keyboard.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is jumping into water.
A man is playing a guitar.
A young man is playing the piano.
A woman is mixing ingrediants.
Someone is shredding cabbage leaves with a knife.
A slow lori walks around.
A little boy is vacuuming the floor.
A woman is applying eye liner to her eyelid using an eye pencil.
A man is making a bed.
A man plays a keyboard.
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit.
A plane rides on a road.
A man shoots a man.
A man plays the guitar.
A guy is playing hackysack
One man is breaking cement on another man's chest.
A man is talking with other women on the beach.
The woman is dicing onions.
A chef is preparing some food.
The man talked to a girl over the internet camera.
A turtle walks over the ground.
The lady cracked an egg for the mixer.
Five kittens are eating out of five dishes.
A woman is slicing some tuna.
A man playing the guitar.
A man is playing a flute.
A baby rhino is walking around his pen with his mother.
The man used a sword to slice a plastic bottle.
A man is cleaning a fish on a kitchen counter.
A person is chopping coriander leaves.
A man is pressing microwave buttons.
A girl is riding a horse.
Batman and Robin fly a helicopter over water.
A woman pours oil into a skillet from a plastic bottle while she is talking.
A woman is cutting some herbs.
The lady put the skewered shimp in the hot water.
A woman is riding on a horse.
The boy is playing the piano.
The cook is kneading the flour.
A woman is riding a horse along a perimeter.
A woman is putting her baby in a waste bin.
A cat is pouncing on a trampoline.
A man and woman are eating at a table.
A woman is riding on a horse.
A man is screwing wood to a wall.
A girl is playing a flute.
A small baby is playing a guitar.
A woman is chopping onion.
A man and a woman walk through the woods.
A child is playing a computer game.
Men are jumping into water from a bridge.
A woman is peeling some fish.
People are playing baseball.
A person is boiling soup.
A woman is dancing.
A ballet dancer is performing on stage.
A man shoots a basket.
The elephants are bathing.
The man cut up an onion.
A woman puts cosmetics on her eyelid.
A woman and man are riding in a car.
A girl is dancing in a cage.
A cat is on a robot.
The lady stirred up raw eggs in the bowl.
A cow is eating grass.
The man stirred the sauce for the chicken.
A man jumping rope
A woman is peeling an orange.
Someone is beating an egg.
A man is cutting a potato.
A man is buttering a piece of bread.
A woman cuts up some vegetables.
The lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp.
A man plays an acoustic guitar.
A person is peeling shrimp.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
A small dog laying on the bed.
The man is slicing a potato.
The man is slicing a potato.
A person is peeling shrimp.
A woman is putting on sun glasses.
A woman is slicing a potato.
Women are running.
A man is playing a harp.
A man dives into a pool.
The man is smashing garlic.
A man is cutting up a potato.
A man is slicing an onion.
A man is dancing.
A man is running.
The man is hiking in the woods.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is riding a bike.
A woman is playing the guitar.
A man is eating a pizza.
A man is playing guitar.
The man is buttering the bread.
A woman is hitting a man.
Three men are dancing.
A man is speaking.
A man is dancing.
A person is combing a cat hair.
A man is playing the drums.
A man is peeling a banana.
A boy is riding a horse.
The puppy tried to get out of the tub.
A woman is peeling an onion.
A person is mixing a pot of rice.
A man is playing a guitar.
A lion cub tries to climb a fence.
A man is talking on a cell phone.
A man is playing a guitar.
Someone is pouring chicken broth into a pot.
A woman is chopping an onion.
The man is shaking hands with other men.
A target is being hit with gun fire.
A woman is applying makeup.
A woman is slicing a big pepper.
A man puts some cheese on a pizza.
A man is staring at a leaf.
A person is picking a komodo dragon and putting it in a box.
A person drops a camera down an escelator.
The man is playing the keyboards.
A woman is applying eye shadow.
A woman is playing the flute.
A man is riding on a horse.
A man is playing flute.
A tiger is walking around his cage.
A person pours cooking oil into a pot.
A woman is cutting potato.
A parrot is talking.
A man is singing into a microphone.
A woman is exercising.
A child runs into and out of the ocean waves.
A man is playing the piano.
A guy is riding a horse.
A dog is stealing food from a refrigerator.
A person uses a blowtorch on two cameras.
A man is putting a knife in a vice.
A woman is cooking meat.
A puppy is trying to come out from the sink.
A person is folding a square paper piece.
The boy is playing the piano.
A man is cutting a potato.
A woman is feeding a baby.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is mixing eggs.
A man is riding on a boat.
A man is serving cake.
Someone is greating a carrot.
A man is standing on a roof top playing a violin.
A monkey is karate kicking a person.
A man shappens a knife.
A woman is brushing her feet.
A woman is removing skin from some meat.
A man is stirring ingredients in a bowl.
A woman is relaxing in a bath tub.
A woman is adding oil on fishes.
A woman is writing something.
A baby eats his food.
A man is slicing a carrot by a machine.
A man is playing a guitar and singing on a stage.
A boy is playing a piano.
The person is starting a fire.
A woman is riding a horse on the beach.
A person is chopping an herb.
A woman is collecting tap water in a mug.
A person is whisking eggs in a bowl.
The dog could not figure out how to get a stick out the doggy door.
A woman is mixing eggs in the bowl.
The lady made some slices on the shrimp.
Someone is mixing a liquid.
A woman is slicing big pepper.
The animal with the big eyes is eating.
A baby is crawling happily.
A tiger club is playing with a ball.
A woman is slicing fruit.
The flag was moving in the air.
The baby laughed in his car seat.
A dog knocks a boy into the water twice.
The bird is taking a bath under the faucet.
A man plays the guitar and sings.
Women are holding each other and dancing together.
The man is trying to feed the snake with a mouse.
A tiger is playing with his trainer.
A cat is playing with a watermelon on a floor.
A cat retrieves an object out of a dish of water.
A chef is slicing carrot.
A woman is adding some mushrooms and liquid to a pot.
A man is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience.
Someone drew on Washington's face on the dollar.
The girl is slicing an onion.
The man is aiming a gun.
A cat standing on tree branches.
The lamb is looking at the camera.
A bull standing in the field.
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
The cows feed in the trough.
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
The lamb is looking at the camera.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
A black train moves down the tracks.
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
Two airplanes in the sky.
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
A cat looking at the camera.
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
Two women posing with a baby.
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
A black and white photo of an old train station.
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
Red double decker bus on side of street.
A bus drives down a busy road.
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
The small dog protects its owner.
Children looking a sheep.
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
Living room or den with large screen television.
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
A backpack standing beside a train.
The bird is sitting on the branch.
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
Four children looking at barn animals.
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
Two men on boat floating on the water.
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
Train going down the tracks.
A white plane on the runway.
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
Young baby girl sitting on table.
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
A man jumping his dirt bike.
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
"A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles."
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
Domestic cat looking out window.
Two cows graze in a field.
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
"A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons."
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
A white cat laying on an office chair.
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
A close-up of a brown horse.
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
A woman leading a white horse.
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
Left side of a silver train engine.
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
A grey house with a red door.
A woman with a white horse.
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
"A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a ""Going Places"" bus."
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
A group of people having a meal outside.
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
A group of people standing in the street
A dog runs on brown grass.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
"A man eating an apple, sitting in public."
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
Kids playing ball in the park.
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
A young boy jumping into a lake.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
A man and a woman on a bench.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
A man practicing boxing
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
A small white dog running across a lawn.
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
A black dog is running in the grass.
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
Black and white dog running through water.
two dogs running in the snow
A golden dog is running through the snow.
A skateboarder on a city street.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
Two people are walking by the ocean.
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
A black dog is running through the snow.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
A man and woman blow bubbles.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
Two girls walking in the ocean.
Boat sails in rough water.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
A boy riding on a swing.
A black dog running through the snow.
A black dog walking beside a pool.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
Two dogs in the snow
Three dogs playing in the snow.
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A group of people are in the water.
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
A black dog lays in the sand.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
"Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying."
Black and white dog running through water.
"Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes."
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
A dog and a red ball in the air.
A dog jogs through the grass.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
A dog and cat laying down together.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
a dog runs through the long grass.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
"A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front."
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
This dog is jumping through the water.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
A hockey player looks intently downward.
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
The dogs are playing in the snow.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
A woman runs on the beach.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
Our current vehicles will be in museums when everyone has their own aircraft.
A woman supervisor is instructing the male workers.
The sky has very little to no clouds.
The young boy jumps barefoot outside in the front yard.
There are dogs in the forest.
Some cyclists stop near a sign.
These cooks in the white are busy in the kitchen making dinner for their customers.
A man is carrying a canoe with a dog.
a woman watches a rap group live
A girl dancing on a sandy beach.
The woman is drinking lemonade and watching T.V.
The young adult are cold
A sad man is jumping over a small stream to meet his companion on the other side.
A woman is bungee jumping.
A clown performs for brother and sister as the rest of the party watches.
Four girls happily walk down a sidewalk.
a group of navy seals are singing
A man playing the violin in the rain.
The people are leaving the airplane.
The dogs are chasing a cat.
the tan dog is playing with the red dog out in the snow
a girl with vases in the background inside her house
A person sitting in an office takes a picture.
People rock jumping into water while people fish in the background.
A blonde woman looks for medical supplies for work in a suitcase.
A boy is at school taking a test.
An old man wearing a hat stands outside a shop door.
The carriage is drawn by a horse.
A woman looks at a duck as she walks behind it.
Man sitting on a bench drink from a mug surrounded by rugs.
A small blond boy slides head first down a blue playground slide toward another blond youth.
The four women are practicing for a upcoming match.
man on steps
There is a young girl.
A woman paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background.
Two kids are playing a game of Foosball.
The man is in a deserted field.
A little boy is drinking from a juice packet.
A man has his skis ready for the field to get iced out
The biker is doing dangerous stunts.
A musician is smearing jam on his white guitar at a concert.
A pair of young boys in t-shirts are hiding in the woods with one looking aghast.
A group of people playing soccer on a soccer field in front of a crowd.
A man is enjoying watching three asian children dance.
A woman walking down the side of a highway.
A man calling for a taxi at the airport on a sunny day.
A young boy has a red fishing pole.
A player bounces a ball.
Men competing in a contest.
The puppy is outdoor.
A young girl in a pink jacket is playing a board game.
A smiling Caucasian male wearing a blue and black striped shirt it about to take a photograph.
A person is scaling a rock wall.
Two men are playing a game of Scrabble together.
The girl is very skilled and practices a lot.
Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.
A man at a farmers market.
four people walk toward a tower
A little girl and boy are reading books.
The child would like to swim.
Men are fighting after a basketball game.
People are sitting around dimly lit tables while smiling and laughing.
A dog is chasing cows.
One football player tries to tackle a player on the opposing team.
Three men are drying to pull a Subaru out of a ditch along a mountain road.
A woman doesn't have her arms up because she's paralyzed from the neck down
Five kids are standing in front of a tent.
Female in a maroon shirt engaged in conversation with another female in a tan blazer.
Baseball players playing a game at the park.
They are preparing for a performance at school.
Some smiling children are standing in front of an ocean sunset.
Two fishermen try to untangle their large fishing net on the side of the road on a cloudy day.
The woman had brown hair.
Black and white image of a wave crashing in the ocean.
A lady and her daughter look through a microscope.
A boy does a skateboard trick on the stairs downtown.
Three humans are walking a dog.
There are people out on the street.
Two women are lost and calling for help.
A man is throwing a penny into a fountain.
Two girls are playing Doctor inside their house.
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
The fruits should be eaten with lemon juice in order to prevent oxidation in your stomach.
A doctor prescribes medicine to a patient.
A woman is in the bathroom.
Spectators taking pictures of a rally car.
The man and woman are resting on a couch.
The boy in the green jersey plays goalie on the soccer team.
People are near water
Friends walk into a building
The rollerblades are moving.
There is a older man near a window.
A guy and a girl are rock climbing with backpacks on.
In Abu Dhabi the Golden Market is one of the premier public outdoor shopping areas.
A pregnant woman is in labor
The religious people are enjoying the outdoors.
A girl in water without goggles or a swimming cap.
A man is performing a stunt outdoors.
There was girl stranded on the roof.
There are four snowboarders going off a jump and that are in the air.
"A basketball player makes the 5th rebound of the night,"
A helicopter is getting ready to take off.
A man doing a jumping bike trick surrounded by trees.
Three guys in speedos have their feet up on the railing of a boat getting a tan.
A group wading across a witch
A woman jumps and poses for the camera.
A man is on a rooftop
There are two men near a wall.
The two men are wearing jeans.
The man without a shirt is jumping.
The woman is holding the hands of the man.
A man walks his dog on the beach.
The child is the woman's kid.
A soccer player is kicking the ball.
Two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.
The player shoots the winning points.
A motorcross driver going by during a race
The gate is blue.
A dog walks along a beach with breaking waves.
A pair of men walk along the beach.
Blond woman in a tunnel.
The raven droned as is hopped along the grass.
the man is catching a ball
Two men are sitting in the room.
The woman is waiting for her date.
You'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed.
I am not aware of any university run participant pools.
"Apart from admission (which normally should not be related to age), there is something that's related to your question."
"This post refers to research in the STEM fields, and may not be applicable to other research topics."
"If you don't want to pay for Adobe Acrobat Pro, as @schultem mentions, LaTeX can do this with embedded hyperlinks."
I don't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically.
My answer would be depending on which GRE are you referring to?
"If you have access to it, you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters Web of Science portal."
In general there are a number of different distinct workflows that lead to a poster.
It is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give.
The academic year does start around September in the USA and I think most European countries.
I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !
"Edit, again: The question seems to have changed, yet again."
"I agree with Seteropere completely, ""Network Science"" is a very broad subject."
Supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner (rather than privately or discreetly) is a personality problem.
"This does not fully answer your question, but it is certainly one consideration."
A few possible problems: 1) Such an ID system seems a little intrusive.
"As an complement to the other answers, let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking."
"Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability."
It indeed appears the Andromeda galaxy (M31) and The Milky Way (MW) are en route to a collision.
"The short answer is: we are made from the ""stuff"" contributed by many stars."
All we know is this : Distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.
"Like Chris said above, stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum."
According to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd.
All of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle.
"We are moving ""... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km/s towards the constellation Leo""."
"Yes, it's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin."
Let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of M13.
"Why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m/s, and not (for instance) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10^44 m/s?"
"As per your definition, a star formed in a binary system (hence near some gravitating body) is a generalised planet."
A method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 Dimensional trigonometry.
"The farther away, the faster the galaxies move away from us."
"Stars form in star-formation regions, which itself develop from molecular clouds."
"A black hole (briefly), is nothing more than a dead star whose mass was more than 3 solar masses."
"Yes, but it does not stay in the same constellation."
Asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies.
Here is a lexical decision task I wrote years ago using PHP and Javascript (github link).
It's pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social Anxiety Disorder being an extrovert.
"It is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations, because emotion can contain both."
I've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question: prototype theory.
"There are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability, sometimes called eidetic memory."
"Spike trigger is a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlations, covariance and probabilities."
"As mentioned in the other comments, ANOVA is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables."
Q: What is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme (or not) situations?
Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity.
Presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors.
"When studying adult IQ, general adult norms are often used."
"Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $10$, but also for $6$, so that's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers."
"These are interesting studies, but the bottom line is: yes, environment affects cognitive abilities."
"Since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers, I don't know that there is a common consensus."
"If non-human animals do have intelligence too, why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans?"
The Hare Psychopathy Checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings.
"I wrap steaks individually in freezer paper, then put them into ziploc freezer bags."
"In addition to oil, make sure the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking."
The best way I have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling.
There are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour.
I've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs.
I just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater.
I've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn.
"Break the bulb into cloves, breaking off the bottom and the dry stick that goes up the middle."
"I managed to find this recipe, I think this is where I got the idea."
I  believe one cannot taste the difference between minced(canned) and fresh garlic once it is cooked.
I grill salmon that I get with the skin on.
"The recipe I work from has you put the meat in the freezer, then pan sear it."
"They don't taste identical at all, and even more important, they don't smell the same."
This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.
Coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need.
A common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round.
Good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on/in it - could it be that?
"Copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties (heats quickly, distributes heat evenly, etc."
"She obviously has a legit excuse, although she could have been more responsible and ""have"" told you in advance."
In some cases the implication could even be that Tom does not love her.
I agree with others (and yourself) in that I have never heard this phrase in English.
"The assertion is false, at least as you've restated it here."
I'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language(s) of your students.
"I see some references to status as uncountable as well, but that doesn't make much sense to me."
"If I understand you correctly, you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion."
"Firstly, you should be aware that there are two different kinds of dashes: the en dash and the em dash."
"Pardon the brevity of this answer, but I would say ""named"" is preferred within the context of your example."
"In standard English, I think ""don't got"" has the same register as ""ain't""."
"The ""more posh"" words are usually Latin (occasionally Greek) in origin."
"I'm American, and I've never heard the bathroom referred to as St. John's."
The room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism.
I can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that.
"As others have said, ""ten of six"", though not used in many English speaking areas, would be understood as 5:50."
"Certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this ""singular they"" on various ""logical"" grounds."
"This may be overly obvious, but in American English, saying ""you're welcome"" is certainly polite and standard."
"Back in the day, ""cable"" was used to describe communications sent abroad."
Those expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance.
"In the United States, jails are operated by cities and counties (or equivalent)."
"Yes, your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash."
"If you understand yourself and your enemy, you will be far more likely to win any battle."
There are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems.
You definitely do NOT want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding.
"Yes, you should stretch before running, but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching."
"I feel your pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions."
Running downhill is the BEST way to strengthen your quad muscles.
I recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle (recovery included).
"Rotate through square, lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn."
"If you're doing a full body workout 6 days a week, you absolutely need the rest week."
I've noticed a remarkable difference when I run on the treadmill vs when I run on the road.
Google search for Travel WODs has whole lots of results which you can use.
"Since you're being kind of vague here, I can only give you a vague answer."
"First of all, as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks."
"Properly executed weight training will increase, not decrease, your flexibility and mobility."
I think it is still feasible to store seeds until the next year.
It is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly.
"Yes, you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile."
There are no post-emergents that specifically kill crabgrass without killing lawn grass.
Pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them.
Thistle is classified as a noxious weed in most places and must be controlled.
Support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches.
"To paraphrase a common saying, ""One man's weed is another man's lawn""."
Just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.
Chances are picking the seeds once it's gone to seed isn't going to actually encourage new growth.
"So you know, I do not have personal experience with this."
In the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in North Texas.
There is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here.
I found it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all are.
"Simple answer is yes, flower shoots on lettuce is a sure sign of bolting."
"Dirt can mean pretty much anything, from good to poor quality soil."
"If you can get over the ""ick factor,"" you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand."
The point of aerating your pile is to get oxygen to the microbes that break down the organic matter.
"I bought a book, which talks about this, so here's an answer to my own question."
"Aloes, like most succulents, are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect ."
This looks a lot like an invitation to a No True Scottsman argument.
Some villages had histories and thus names going back to Ancient Roman times.
The USA is the world's strongest country because of its military force.
Nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons.
"While Queen may refer to both Queen regent (sovereign) or Queen consort, the King has always been the sovereign."
To no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous.
"""What I am really looking for is an estimation of the Muslim population..."" @ThanosK and @T.E.D., an overall, general population estimation f.e."
In Hinduism and Buddhism there is message of peace and an encouragement to not be materialistic.
I guess those are greek tickets () for excavation sites or museums.
These are tickets to the archaeological sites of Epidaurus (which includes the still in use theatre) and Mycenae.
Looks like you've rediscovered Jaspers's concept of the Axial Age.
"Yes, I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle."
"By the time that Qin had totally collapsed, Xiang Yu was China's hegemon."
"There were indeed some serious issues surrounding Kennedy's election in 1960, one of the closest elections in History."
"""The grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on Earth."
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Delhi#Early_history shows that the city was called Delhi (or Dilli) at least since the 12/13th century.
"Dominus, plural Domini, in ancient Rome, master, or owner, particularly of slaves."
"The bulk of India then was not controlled by Porus, but by the Nanda dynasty, centered at Pataliputra."
"Yes, this is true and yes, in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals, as @MGN already said."
Preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things.
In some nowadays Indo-European languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems.
The difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest.
"In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support."
A caveat: I'm experiencing the tail end of a three day migraine.
The reason for this is that Russian is a much more tonal language than English.
"Palatalisation of /k/ before front vowels happens all over the place: Russian, Greek, Turkish, Persian etc."
All the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages.
"Newspeak, a ""deliberately impoverished"" language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas."
"In Russian, for example, animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate/inanimate."
"As you can see from this map on the Wals.info site, there are many."
"Zipfs law, as I understand it, is not really about languages, but about statistics and probability."
A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious.
"If you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment, the best book is to start with Is Fromkin, Introduction to language."
From what I'm seeing it's generally accepted that most English speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words.
"A tent may give you slightly more protection than sleeping out in the open, but not much."
A few points to add here: Coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans.
"Nylon dries fast, is resistant to ripping and tearing, and fairly breathable."
GPS (wikipedia) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide.
"Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region."
So it's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis.
"In a gym, the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar."
I visit AZ every summer and include some hikes in the desert when I'm there.
A wonderful woman I know has the Habenera bag by REI (link).
An embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.
It would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person.
"As I wrote above, it's hard to rate this wall."
"Once you open it up to toxins, the answer is clearly no, boiling is not enough."
"Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region."
"If you wear a bear bell on your backpack, your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying."
"Oh friend, I have been down this miserable road just like you."
My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it.
You are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised.
He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable.
I would recommend asking questions in a way that doesn't require a yes or no answer.
"Yes, twins can develop their own language, but it's not a given."
"Whatever you do, don't bite him back to show him that it hurts."
"A rule of thumb that I've heard is ""for small children, big dogs""."
I know of no firm evidence indicating that baby talk is either helpful or detrimental in language development.
A possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward(s) for chores.
The point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding.
You should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional.
You will be hard pressed to find scientific studies that answer these questions with any certainty.
"Although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy, some types might contain Listeria, which can cause serious problems."
"Both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year, and there were no problems."
I have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that?
I'm facing a similar situation; being Danish and living in (German-speaking) Austria.
My son didn't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday.
"Show her how much fun splashing is - that's what we did, and made a game of it."
"Our daughter has always loved her bath, but coming out... not so much."
Playing doctor is something all kids want to try at some point.
"Most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food, as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction."
"Most of the literature I can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits, not eating habits."
Here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year.
"It is possible, but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank."
Turtles love eating goldfish and lots of things that fit into their mouths.
"Given that the amount of shedding is normal, I don't think there's anything you can do to lessen it."
"My experience with Danios has that they always have been ""bossy"" fish."
I have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons.
Cats (and all animals in general) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness.
"It does sound like your cat is upset about something, and trying to communicate it to you."
I have noticed most cats don't lick people a great deal.
How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death.
"First, double-check the dog's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive."
"The appropriate pH level of the water does vary a bit by fish, but too acidic can definitely kill them."
My guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you're feeding him.
Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.
Try switching to rats; weanling rats if you need something smaller.
You should take this animal to a vet right away.
The main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva.
There are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight.
Stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience.
The best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime.
"I don't have direct experience with bettas, but I've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male/female combination."
We always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine.
The biggest reason I can think of is that you're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat.
"Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill."
Clean the urinated zone with vinegar (I used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten).
Aristotle didn't put the world at the center of the universe per se.
I don't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers.
Well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind.
People who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers.
"The difference between ""necessary"" and ""sufficient"" is the direction of the logical arrow."
"I have no idea why it is voted up, but Rex Kerr's answer begs the question."
"It's true that, under one understanding of ""accessibility"" and ""determining"", your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms."
I once met a physicists who held the strong AI position.
If a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system.
The Question is (from Hinduism); do you exist because of pregnancy?
"I think that for an understanding Wittgenstein's ""solution"", you must take in account the original (historical) context."
"Forget for a moment that you ever learned anything about so-called ""complex"" or ""imaginary"" numbers."
"The question of time is an incredibly difficult one, which has been treated of philosophers from Aristotle to Heidegger."
Not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims.
"As I understand it, nothing that can be changed, or broken down into smaller parts is inherently real."
I can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of.
"When I needed a travel tripod, I also opted for a Trekpod."
Fast Picture Viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $9.99 and it appears to cover them all.
There are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from Canon and Olympus.
"Apart from aperture and focal length, depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance."
When printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon (i.e.
"You need to be embedding a color profile in you image, as also using a browser that supports color management."
"I have a few Nikon lenses, and a Sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots."
I have found there is no single best way to increase size.
I've used Paint Shop Pro and DxO Optics Pro on Windows.
A class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for HD (1080) video for the 550D (48 MBit).
"Here are many samples: Pbase.com Out of the 16k photos there, I'm sure some are with a d700."
"Same here, I've the 50mm f/1.4, and as my fastest lens I couldn't live without it for concerts and low-light photography."
"I use Elinchrom Skyports, but if money is not an issue then go for PocketWizards."
"The short answer is that yes, you can do this."
"The terminology is usually called ""Destructive vs Non Destructive"" editing."
"For what it's worth, dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think."
"Large-format cameras are very much worth buying used; they're often extremely well-cared-for, if not coddled."
"Anil, there certainly is a difference in results, mainly in image quality."
"Freezing motion generally requires one, maybe two things: fast shutter speed, and flash at the right time."
Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution.
Public employees can unionize because the law allows them to.
The U.S. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order.
"Leaving aside heath care angle, you are working from a flawed premise that waging war doesn't save lives."
The president is not really all that important for German people.
"In a ""first-past-the-post"" system, it is difficult to sustain more than two parties."
The part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics.
"Let me share my opinion as Ukrainian citizen, from Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine."
"Most people want not only to be WELL off, but to become BETTER off as time goes by."
I'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official PoliSci name.
"No, nothing in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act grants the President transitional authority."
Russian Federal Law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued.
This question has already been widely discussed and answered on Skeptics.
According to Shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country called Israel does not exist.
Because there are more effective ways for Her Majesty to change or veto laws.
"Absolute majority always defined by the institution, or the context."
Professor Burkhauser has done extensive research on who is hurt by higher minimum wages.
The University constituencies are modelled on the University constituencies in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland became independent.
"Before you want to start the study of a subject, figure out what you want to achieve."
Eclipse Below are list of eclipse shortcuts which I use almost everyday.
"As others have mentioned, the iRobot Roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work."
The important thing I try to remember is just to pay attention.
I think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this.
"A quick research (1, 2) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion."
Here's a technique  I've developed without being aware of it: Multiple Browsers.
I have a standing/sitting desk at work and really like it.
Even though the question has been answered I would like to add my answer .
Your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight.
To stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption.
I think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period.
"The user needs to evaluate for his/herself the cost/benefit of an ""obvious"" efficiency tool, such as macros."
I like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job.
I'd start by reading David Allen's book: Getting Things Done.
The best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise (min.
I disagree with Josh Bruce on some of his tips.
"Currently I've got a fairly close to purely digital GTD setup, although this could do with some refinements and tweaks."
Feel the fear... And do it anyway The book recommends to feel the fear.
I've recently bought two sit/stand Galant tables from IKEA and I'm quite happy with them.
I would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule.
"Some studies suggest open-space environments lower working efficiency with 2-10% due to interruptions, stress and noise."
Experience: you must have noticed in you project/office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly.
There is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas.
I disagree that the moniker most extensive should be applied to Dorothy Jones Heydts language.
I'd be more inclined to believe that it's some sort of ring world.
"On the one hand, theres nothing in canon to suggest that the Time Turners could go forwards in time."
I was invited in to pitch story ideas to Ron Moore at ST:TNG.
"First of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell."
I started watching the Stargate series by watching Atlantis first!
I voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic.
It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her.
We have two parallel worlds in collision or maybe more.
"Dick was an idea guy and a people guy, not a science guy."
"First, we must consider that ""Sphere"" is less Hard SF and more soft SF, thriller, airport novel and such."
"According to canon, Leia was an expert in combat, especially shooting (this is from EU books)."
I don't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation.
"Here is the 2006 cover release, choice B in your question is the 2006 version."
"Sign language maybe, since there is no tone to convey meaning, emotion or intent."
"Remember, from the Fleet's point of view, the rest of the galaxy is what's moving and experiencing time dilation."
This idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling.
Is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying D/L method?
Yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over.
It is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken.
"Yes, absolutely - the receiving player must allow the ball to bounce before returning the serve - or any shot, actually."
"We only used Fartlek as a fitness measurement, and as a bit of fun."
If the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each.
Women first appeared in the modern Olympics in Croquet at the 1900 Olympics.
"It is hard to speak for a team, know what their strategy is going into a draft."
"To play golf, the first thing you need is a set of clubs."
"Yes, dew (wetness in the environment) factor can change the direction of a match."
"Reading your post, made me think of my younger years !!"
There is NO good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer.
"Basically, the rule is that you must play the ball, and not the man, until someone catches the ball."
"At the highest level, a pace setter helps ensure they meet their game plan for the race exactly."
I can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures.
The movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling.
"Actually, it's much more easier to count the one NOT on the same continent."
Red ball under yellow floodlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch.
"No, there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award."
"I can't think of the specifics, but I seem to remember this scenario from many years ago."
"As per FIFA's ""Equipment Regulations"", Section 22, only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap."
"Glad to hear you've started playing hockey, its a great sport!"
I prefer to run the second half 1-2 minutes faster then the first.
It was random that she faced Li Na in the first round - not because she's seeded/ranked #127.
For the most part you can apply at any US consulate.
"There is one airline, Spirit Airlines, which is trying to copy Ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service."
"I'd suggest you find a bank in your local country, and consider opening a Euro denominated bank account with them."
"As I remember, in Geneva at least, there are open air markets on a weekly basis."
My experience is that a normal taxi is always cheaper.
I had a similar issue but in what seemed to be a simpler situation.
A technical stop is for the benefit of the PLANE.
"Kyoto, at least does, as described here: JR Kyoto Station."
"There's a geek answer to this, and a practical answer to this."
"I visited Peru in August, starting from Lima and touring for three weeks."
"Generally, almost wherever I go, I find it's easiest to get money out of the ATM."
The most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in Scotland: The West Highland Way.
The answer will depend significantly on what country you're traveling to.
"There are trains via Knin, which means a large detour inland (there just isn't a coastal line)."
Would going on a cargo ship count as a tour?
English works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness.
I think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist.
"There is nothing wrong with the phrase ""simple sample service""."
I've started my own tool since I didn't like yWriter and Storybook.
"Yes, this is OK, as it allows you to emphasise certain things, that you want the readers to notice."
"For fiction, I have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and/or ebooks."
David Weber's The War God's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well.
You have to define the problem before attempting a solution.
Your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.
"No, you don't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area."
"One thing you seem to be forgetting regarding myths, is they are extremely prevalent stories."
"We just addressed this recently, and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets."
"The villains I absolutely hate are selfish and self-serving, but they are also cowards."
"You can write the book in any way you choose, as long as it works for you."
"Yes, dull dialog should be removed completely (or transformed to interesting dialog)."
The answer to your question is: It depends on how the writer works.
Webster's New World Rhyming Dictionary: Clement Wood's Updated This is the rhyming dictionary I turn to first.
Keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing.
"In these days of googling, it's sloppy to not find the source of a quotation."
I have been doing a lot of my outlining/pre-writing work in Workflowy.
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650."
"""It's a huge black eye,"" said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896."
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
"RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was ""the one we were all pulling for."
"A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote ""Yes"" or abstain."
"Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic ""The Passion of Christ"" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar."
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
"The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians."
"Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like ""zistee"" during yesterday's competition."
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
"Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS."
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
"""I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers,"" said McKechnie."
"""Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction,"" Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline."
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
"Lord Falconer hailed the changes as ""a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned""."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516."
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
"""I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"""
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
"GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses."
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.
"The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998."
"""I know of no pressure,"" said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy."
"""She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store."
"""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"" Keker said in a statement."
"The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat."
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
"Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition."
"Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century."
"This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET."
"Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license."
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
"Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias."
"Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion."
"After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi."
"Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2."
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
"""This decision is clearly incorrect,"" FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement."
"Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters."
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
"He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400."
"His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure."
"Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says."
"The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789."
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94."
"Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle."
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
"""I do not wish to be present during this witness,"" he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami."
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
"Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances."
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
"Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth."
"Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients."
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.
"The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003."
"""They've been in the stores for over six weeks,"" says Carney."
"The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates."
"But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur."
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
"Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others."
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
"The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data."
"Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as ""All Things Considered"" and ""Morning Edition."""
"Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said."
"According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent."
"Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season."
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
"It got up on his personal radar screen this past week, I've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive,"" he said."
"A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance."
"FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday."
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
"""If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting,"" he said."
"""It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states."
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.
"""I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower,"" he said."
"Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged."
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06."
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
"The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen."
"Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases ""went from zero to 30"" in 1995."
"Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view."
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
"Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt."
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
"At his request, he will be reassigned within the district."
"A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001."
"The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44."
"EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington."
"""Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party,"" Street said to crowd laughter."
"In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400."
"But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California."
"Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only ""in limited circumstances."""
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
"At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place."
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
"About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks."
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
"The company will launch 800 hot spots, or ""Wi-Fi Zones,"" later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year."
"Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York."
"Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market."
"It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said."
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
"The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water."
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
"I've still got a fighting chance, though,"" Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court."
"Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60."
"""What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution,"" she said."
"The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said."
"The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group."
"Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq."
"The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched."
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
"In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62."
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
"Still, he said, ""I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."""
"Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths."
"On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line."
"Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges."
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
"Mr Pollard said: ""This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family."
"""They were tossed around like feathers,"" Gordon said."
"""IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete,"" Barrett said."
"The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration."
"The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said."
"On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department."
"The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak."
"""I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it""."
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
"By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart."
"U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said."
"They came despite what BA called a ""difficult quarter"", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow."
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
"The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday."
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
"Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market."
"The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand."
"Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said."
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
"The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282."
"The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002."
"Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home."
"For the entire season, the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles, Franklin said."
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
"A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday."
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
"Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived."
"At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one."
"""It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't,"" said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC."
"""City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees,"" says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg."
"The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62."
"The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79."
"""We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue,"" the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement."
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus radio.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
"Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said."
"Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself."
"According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning."
"Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders."
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
"""The European Union is basically absent,"" said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy."
"""It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games,"" Thomas said."
"From Broadway comedies like ""The Seven Year Itch"" (1952), ""Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?"""
"Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent."
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
"Gainer said the two staff aides are ""very sorry this all happened,"" and the security personnel had performed ""well within standards."""
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
"Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units."
"Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January."
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
"But JT was careful to clarify that it was ""not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment""."
"Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange."
"Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center."
"At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said ""no"" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted."
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
"""These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages,"" the statement continued."
"Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here."
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
"Sources say agents confiscated ""several"" documents he was carrying."
"The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office."
"""I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel,"" said Silver."
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said."
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
"From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government."
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
"Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said."
"Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer ""find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."""
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
"The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week."
"""We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible,"" Kennedy said."
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
"The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say."
"That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday."
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
"In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier."
"Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets."
"Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender."
"Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop."
"Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer."
"Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field."
"Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what ""all the fuss"" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate."
"In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company."
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
"On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun."
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
"While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells."
"""It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses,"" said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury."
"The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28."
"Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year."
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
"An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort."
"Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, ""Our journey into space will go on."""
"The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84."
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
"Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry."
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
"These men ""are entitled to respect for their private lives,"" Kennedy said."
"The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle."
"The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board."
Aiken's study appears in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
"A Merrill Lynch spokesman said ""we are pleased with the judge's decision."""
"Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products."
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
"Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness."
"Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982."
Netanyahu set to call early vote
"Annan, UN chief call on Security Council to act on Syria"
Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics
Military plane crashes in south France: authorities
Saudi gas truck blast kills at least 22
Coty launches $10 billion bid for rival Avon
Greece votes in crucial election
Iran warns Moscow nuclear talks could stall
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon
IAF strike Gaza terror hubs
US senators penalize Pakistan for jailing doctor who aided CIA
Syrian envoy to Cyprus defects to Qatar
Dali painting stolen from gallery
"Annan urges end to Syria violence, minister defects"
Colorado shooting suspect was in therapy
Suicide bomber kills 4 near NATO's Afghan HQ
"PM in Tehran, asks NAM to take clear stand on Syria"
Senators can return to playoffs with victory
South Africa train crash kills at least 19
Civilians Bear Brunt of Afghan Attacks
"Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria endorsing"
Syrians trade blame over blasts
Israeli Leader Puts Off Evicting Settlers From Hebron House
Government promises action on Heathrow queues
Egyptian president moves into Mubarak's old office
Japan falls silent to mark 311 tragedy
Syrian troops kill 35 in Damascus suburb
Suspicious object found in Tel Aviv not explosive device
At least 15 killed in Nigeria church attack
US drone strike kills 8 militants
Obama endorses same-sex marriage
Jordan Opens First Tent Camp for Syrian Refugees
Eurozone backs Greek bailout
Two blasts hit Syria capital
Barack Obama's personal evolution on same-sex marriage
Police disperse protest in east Sudan - witnesses
2 pro-Palestinian activists arrested at B-G Airport
Spanish jobless rate soars past 25 per cent
Israeli PM makes case on Iran to US voters
Music Industry Pays Tribute to Whitney Houston
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast
"At CPAC, Mitt Romney Stresses Conservative Credentials"
Glorious triple-gold night for Britain
Toulouse siege: Police surround flat of 'Islamic warrior' suspected of being serial killer
"Wigan 3-2 Wolves: Match report, pictures & video highlights"
UK spends 3m on foreign prisons
Lance Armstrong drops fight against doping charges
Prince Philip hospitalised in London
'Desperate Housewives' Actress Kathryn Joosten Dies
Gaza rockets lands in Ashkelon Coast area; none hurt
Egypt's Coptic Pope Shenuda III dies
EU Set for New Sanctions on Iran
Assad meets with Red Cross officials in Syria
Manchester United slashes price for US IPO
Soggy solstice: Stonehenge gets soaking
ICC lawyer detained in Libya on security concerns
"Freight train derails, catches fire in Columbus, Ohio"
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday
Breivik complains of 'ridicule'
Romney rocked by secret video
Eurozone agrees to lend Spain up to $125 billion
South Korean economic growth falls to 3-year low
"Russia, China Veto UN Resolution on Syria"
Juror: Sandusky appeared to accept his fate
"Romney leads rivals, not Obama, in fundraising"
9/11 defendants ignore judge at Guantanamo hearing
Egyptians vote to pick president for first time
Sly Stallone's Sone Sage Found Dead in LA
"Clinton: US, Europe must do more against tyrants"
"Romney, Obama clash on tax, economy in first debate"
Roadside bomb kills 10 Afghan civilians: police
Remarks by the President at the White House Science Fair
Malawi confirms president's death
Venezuela's Chavez in Cuba for 3rd anti-cancer treatment
Residents near Gaza instructed to stay near shelter
Syria in ceasefire observers call
"Spurs get revenge on Lakers, lead West"
China's CPI growth slows to 1.8 pct in July
"Gaza militants fire 40 rockets into Israel, 3 hurt: police"
Iraq Releases Suspected Hezbollah Operative Wanted By U.S.
Suicide bomber hits funeral in Iraq
7 detained for 'house sister' scandal
China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
Texas residents seek healing at church after deadly blast
Shinzo Abe Selected as Japans Prime Minister
2 dead in Bangladesh clashes over Jamaat leaders execution
"De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor, succeeding Bloomberg"
China to resume US investment talks
'Around 100 dead or injured' after China earthquake
Nelson Mandela taken to hospital
Cardinals enter Vatican for historic vote
AU leaders meet for Africa Day
"Today in History, April 23"
UK alert on Syrian chemical arms
"Israelis, Palestinians convene over prisoner swap"
Moderate earthquake jolts NW Pakistan
32 die in Bangladesh protest
Thai police use tear gas against protesters
Calif man pleads not guilty in girl kidnap case
Motorists killed after Japanese tunnel collapses
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
"Red grapes and blueberries boost immune system, scientists say"
2 police killed in eastern Afghan explosion
"The Note's Must-Reads for Monday, November 25, 2013"
Lebanon businesses strike in protest at political impasse
Indian police round up all five suspects in Mumbai rape case
Security tightens for Thatcher funeral
Google invests $200 million in Texas wind farm
China strives to avoid economic traps
Demolition work begins on Don Valley Stadium
US confirms al-Qaeda leader has been captured
London Marathon observes silence for Boston bomb victims
"Messi nets 300th, 301st goals in Barcelona win"
Ukrainian Prime Minister Azarov and entire government resign
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
"The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, December 6, 2013"
Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
North Korea Nuclear Test Sparks Worry
Stocks close 0.39% higher
Afghan legislators approve new election law
Almagor blasts Netanyahu over prisoner release
Hospital: 61 killed in Venezuela prison riot
Clashes erupt as Islamists push back in Egypt
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela
Iran says it captures drone; U.S. denies losing one
No radiation leak at Iran's nuclear plant
Bangladesh Islamist execution upheld
Iran leader Rouhani says nuclear deal with U.S. possible within three months
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
2 Pussy Riot Members Reunited in Krasnoyarsk
Israel launches airstrike in Gaza
Floods leave six dead in Philippines
Iran Moderate Wins Presidency by a Large Margin
New World Trade Centre tallest building in US
Fashion designer Lilly Pulitzer dies
New Japan govt hints at joining Pacific trade pact: Report
"Websites battle nasty comments, anonymity"
Turkish police mass near Istanbul park protest area
Guatemala arrests software guru John McAfee
Biden calls for trust in US-China relations
4 dead after boat capsizes off Florida coast
Cannes thief 'steals $53m of jewels' in armed heist at hotel
Nelson Mandela undergoes surgery
"US Military Aircraft Hit in S. Sudan, 4 Wounded"
Kenya Supreme Court upholds election result
Death toll in Colorado floods rises to four
"Nicaragua, Venezuela offer asylum to Snowden"
"5 killed, 50 injured in Pakistan blast"
At least 38 Morsi supporters die in clashes
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Miss New York Crowned Miss America 2013
"Four killed, scores wounded in clashes across Egypt"
China detains city workers after fruit seller dies
US Senator McCain meets opposition leaders in Ukraine
"One dead in Philadelphia building collapse, others pulled from rubble"
Matt Smith quits BBCs Doctor Who
Rescuers scour debris after India buildings collapse
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting
Another migrant ship capsizes off Italy
Scores Killed In Egyptian Protests
Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation
Rosberg emulates father with Monaco win
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges
Protesters clash with police in Caracas
France cleared to impose controversial 'millionaire tax'
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
Israel expands subsidies to settlements
"Syrian forces hit mosque with barrel bomb, kill 5"
Libya asks UN Security Council for help
"Tornadoes level homes in Oklahoma, 1 dead"
"Margaret Thatcher, former U.K. PM, dead at 87"
One dead in US building collapse
6.4-magnitude quake strikes off Indonesia
Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties
"Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial"
Gunmen 'kill 10 tourists' in Kashmir
Major fire breaks out in JK secretariat in Srinagar
China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation released at 16th China-EU Summit
Chinese shares close higher on Tuesday
Global progress seen in ending death penalty
Greek police arrest German on suspicion of spying
UN Chemical Weapons Experts to Visit Syria
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons
Fatah endorses refusal to recognise Israel
Attack kills 12 in Afghanistan
Food poisoning kills at least 20 children in India
Zoo worker dies after tiger attack
Six killed in drone strike in N Waziristan
17 govt employees killed in Pakistan bus bombing
At least 12 dead in Washington ...
Israel 'bombs' Syria as envoy presses peace talks bid
"US, Russia enter third day of Syria talks"
Australia cuts rates to record low
Syria opposition unity take face specter of collapse
International forensic teams join Kenyan mall carnage probe
Obama signs law aimed at barring Iran UN envoy
Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38
DPRK leader calls for better ties with S.Korea
"Chinese, Russian FMs exchange opinions on Ukraine crisis"
Poll: Cory Booker takes early lead for N.J. Senate
Blast on Indian train kills one
Iran threatens to trigger oil price war
Manchester United Ticket Sales And Profit Down
Foreign companies eye new 'opening-up'
U.S. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage
All eyes on new Pak army chief Raheel Sharif
"One killed, 40 injured in Mexico candy factory blast"
"Hassoun to Mauritanian delegation: conspiracy imposed on Syria targets its stances, particularly over Palestine"
Hong Kong set for democracy march
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve
Obama to meet with Chinas Xi in California June 7-8
Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital
China yuan weakens to 6.1559 against USD
Israelis and Palestinians aim to negotiate a 'final' peace deal after positive talks
Japanese politician apologizes for sex comment
"4 killed, 6 injured in attacks in Iraq"
Iran backs proposal for meeting on Syria conflict
Thai government says elections Feb. 2
Colorado Governor Visits School Shooting Victim
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
House blaze kills 7 in northern Pakistan
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
World's oldest man dies at 116
Pakistanis vote in landmark election
Algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media
Yemen: Fighting in north kills over 120
Pakistan's Musharraf charged over Bhutto murder
US Supreme Court limits president's recess appointments power
"Euro crisis is over, says France's Francois Hollande"
Treasury proposal sees 1.5% increase in income tax
"EU Ministers of Employment and Social policy will discuss how to boost employment, integrate social and economic policies"
Chinese lunar rover lands on moon
"Boy, 14, arrested for sex attacks around a university campus"
Protests after George Zimmerman acquitted in Trayvon Martin case
Maldives begins to vote in controversy-ridden presidential poll
"Obama, Hollande Hail Transformed US-French Relationship"
"Iran, IAEA Officials Meet Ahead of March Nuclear Deadline"
Bombings kill 9 people in Iraqi capital
10 Things to Know for Wednesday
New UN peacekeeping chief named for Central African Republic
Oil falls in Asian trade
Israeli forces detain Palestinian MP in Hebron
Israeli police clash with Palestinian protesters at sensitive Jerusalem holy site
"3 killed, 4 injured in Los Angeles shootings"
Scientists prove there is water on Mars
Pranab stresses need to strive for peace by nations
Volkswagen skids into red in wake of pollution scandal
Obama is right: Africa deserves better leadership
New video shows US police officers beating mentally-ill man
A man wearing a hard hat is dancing.
A child is riding a horse.
The man is feeding a mouse to the snake.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is cutting onions.
The man is erasing the chalk board.
A woman is carrying her baby.
Three men are on stage playing guitars.
A woman is peeling a potato.
Men are playing cricket.
A man is playing a flute.
A cougar is chasing a bear.
A man chops down a tree with an axe.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is slicing something.
The lady sang into the microphone.
A man climbs a rope.
Kittens are eating from dishes.
A man is spitting.
A woman is cooking something.
A man is playing a trumpet.
An animal is chewing on a key chain.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is playing flute.
A girl is riding a bicycle.
A man is lifting weights.
A slow loris is biting a persons finger.
A woman is kneading dough.
A woman is dancing.
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl.
A band is playing onstage.
A herd of elephants are walking along a trail.
A man plays the guitar.
A man sitting on the floor in a room is strumming a guitar.
The dog is playing with a plastic container.
A man is playing violin.
A man is playing a piano.
A man is eating something.
A man is playing a piano.
A little girl is walking down a hallway.
A animated airplane is landing.
A man is climbing a rope.
Some people are dancing on stage.
A man plays the piano.
A woman is singing on stage.
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is using a hoe.
Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood.
A man is adding a silencer to a gun.
A little girl is walking down the street.
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon.
The lady broke raw eggs into a bowl.
A woman is putting flour onto some meat.
A man is singing to a woman.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is eating a banana.
A man is cutting paper.
A guy is playing an instrument.
A woman is peeling a prawn.
A woman is mixing food in a bowl.
Someone is chopping some cabbage leaves.
A animal is walking around.
A boy is vacuuming.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid.
A woman is playing a guitar.
A person is playing the keyboard.
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny.
An airplane moves along a runway.
A man with a pistol shoots another man.
The man sang and played his guitar.
A man is playing a key-board.
A man breaks cinder blocks on another man.
A man is walking down the street.
A woman is dancing in railway station.
A chef prepared a meal.
A teenager talks to a girl over a webcam.
A large turtle crawls in the grass.
The lady sliced up the meat.
Kittens are eating food on trays.
A woman is cutting raw fish.
A woman is painting her lips.
A dog is barking at a fly.
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino.
A man sliced a plastic bottle with a sword.
A man is playing a flute.
A woman is slicing up some green leaves.
A man turns on the microwave.
The girl trotted the horse.
A helicopter flies over water.
An older woman is pouring oil into a skillet on the stove.
A woman is chopping cilantro.
The lady fried the breaded meat in hot oil.
A man is shooting off guns.
A band is playing on stage.
A woman is kneading tortilla dough.
A dog is riding a skateboard.
The woman is poking holes in the potato.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A couple are eating a meal and talking.
A man is turning over tables in anger.
A man is giving a woman a massage.
A girl plays a wind instrument.
"A boy sits on a bed, sings and plays a guitar."
A man is doing a card trick.
The man and woman are walking.
A boy is playing a game on a laptop.
Men jump in a river.
A woman is pouring a yellow mixture on a frying pan.
The cricket player hit the ball.
A woman is placing eggs into a pan.
A man breaks a stick.
The beaver is being petted.
A man is playing a guitar.
Two women are singing.
A man is dancing.
The woman is pencilling on eye shadow.
A woman driving a car is talking to the man seated beside her.
A onion is being chopped.
A man is eating bread.
A woman is pouring eyes into a bowl.
A dog is pulling a girl down a hill.
The man is stirring oil.
A man is talking.
A woman cuts off a small piece of lemon rind.
A woman stirs eggs in a bowl.
A woman plays an electric guitar.
A slow loris hanging on a cord.
A woman is placing skewered food onto a cooker.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp.
A woman and dog are walking together.
A person is preparing shrimp.
A woman is slicing broccoli.
A small dog is laying on a bed.
A man is slicing potato.
A man is slicing potato.
A man is peeling shrimp.
A woman puts on sunglasses.
A woman is slicing carrot.
Two women are running.
A woman is playing a guitar.
A man dives into a swimming pool.
A man is smashing some garlic.
A man is cutting up carrots.
A man slices an onion.
A man is singing.
A man is singing.
A man is tracking in the wood.
A man is playing guitar.
A woman is riding a horse.
A person is playing a guitar.
A man is eating a food.
A man plays a guitar.
The man is stirring the rice.
A woman is taking a bath.
Women are dancing.
A man is dancing.
A man is speaking.
A person is brushing a cat.
A man is playing guitar.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A monkey is riding a bus.
A puppy is trying to get out of a bathtub.
The woman is slicing green onions.
A person is peeling a potato.
The girl is playing the guitar.
A lion tries to climb over a wall.
A guy is talking into a microphone.
A man is cleaning a cd.
The man is pouring broth into the pot.
A woman is chopping garlic with a knife.
A man is shaking another mans hand.
The target was being shot with bullets.
A man is playing a guitar.
A person is cutting a green pepper.
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza.
A man is slicing a vegetable.
A person is placing a baby komodo dragon into a container.
A man tosses a bag down an escalator.
A man is playing guitar.
A woman is washing a bowl.
A man is playing a keyboard.
A woman is riding an elephant.
A man is dancing.
A tiger walks around aimlessly.
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove.
A woman is riding a horse.
A parrot is talking into a microphone.
A man is dancing in the rain.
A woman lifts weights.
A young boy is running toward and from the ocean waves.
A man is playing a wooden flute.
A man is riding a horse in the desert.
The dog took something out of the refrigerator.
A person is burning cameras.
A man is getting into a car in a garage.
A man is speaking.
The puppy tried to get out of the tub.
A person folds a piece of paper.
The woman is pouring oil into the pan.
A woman is climbing a rock wall.
A man is adding water to pan.
A woman is riding a horse.
The woman is eating.
A man is tying in the machine.
A man seasoning quail.
A woman is grating an orange food.
A man is on a roof dancing.
A monkey pratices martial arts.
A man carries a women.
A woman is chopping an onion.
A woman is slicing a tomato.
A man is beating two eggs in a bowl with a fork.
A woman is stabbing a potato with a fork.
The woman is cutting potatoes.
A woman is chopping green onions.
A baby is being fed peas.
A man is standing in the rain.
A man is playing the electric guitar.
A man is singing and playing a guitar.
A person makes fire.
A woman is washing a bowl.
A man is finely chopping a green substance.
A boy is filling a pitcher with water.
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl using a wire whisk.
A dog is trying to get through his dog door.
A man is doing push ups.
A chef is slicing a shrimp.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing an instrument.
A slow loris is eating.
A cat is walking on hardwood floor.
A person is chopping shrimp with a knife.
Two women are slicing some lemons.
A flag is waving.
A baby is laughing.
A dog pushes a toddler into a rain puddle.
A bird is bathing in a sink.
A man is singing and playing a guitar.
Two men are playing table tennis.
A man is working on his laptop.
A tiger attacks a man.
A man is pouring oil into a pan.
The cat tried to eat the corn on the cob.
A person is drawing a picture.
A young man is playing the guitar.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A person draws on a dollar bill.
A woman is chopping an onion into small pieces.
A boy is playing on a toy phone.
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
Four people eating dessert around a table.
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
Black and brown table in living room setting.
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
A red two story bus driving along the street.
A cat looking at the camera.
A double decker bus on a city street.
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
"a woman is standing by a pillar where ""u2"" is written."
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
A mostly black train on a track.
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
Two smiling women holding a baby.
A plane in the sky.
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
"A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera."
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
Two smiling women holding a baby.
Red and white plane flying through the air.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
A green bus drives down a road.
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
People riding horses in a fenced area.
The silver train is parked in a station.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
"Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box."
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
Child milking a cow outside.
A black and white photo of an old train station.
The back of a sign with stickers on.
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
A close-up of a horse.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
The birds are swimming in the water.
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
Children looking a sheep.
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
"Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome."
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
A large black and white cow in a field.
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
Five birds stand on the snow.
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
A white cat looking out of a window.
A brown horse in a green field.
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
A white cat laying on a sheet.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
A white cat laying on a sheet.
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
A close-up of a horse.
Small office space with bright green walls.
A man in a tux on a white horse.
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
A close-up of a black train engine.
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
Black bird standing on concrete.
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
House with a red door.
A woman leading a white horse.
Older woman holding newborn baby.
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A dog jumps through a hoop.
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
Two dogs playing by the shore.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
"A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue."
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
Two dogs standing in the snow.
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
A man practices boxing
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
A small white dog running
The big white dog is running in the grass.
The black dog is running through the grass.
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
A black and white dog is running through grass.
A dog laying in the snow.
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
"A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp."
A girl dances like a man in costume
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
two girls walking in the street
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A young boy riding in a swing.
A black dog runs through the water.
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
Two dogs play in the grass.
Three dogs run in the snow.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
Two dogs play in the snow.
A group of people ride in a race
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
Kids play in the water
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
The dogs play in the snow.
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
Two dogs running along dirt path.
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
A tan and white dog runs through water.
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
two tan dogs play in the grass
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
a dog trots through the grass.
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
"a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man."
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
"Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background."
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
A girl poses with her head upside down.
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
A hockey player during a game.
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
Two dogs play in the grass.
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
A group of men play a college football game.
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
Two dogs playing on the shore.
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
A dog jumps off the stairs.
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
a dog runs across the land.
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
The car needs to some work
A woman is working as a nurse.
"This Lady might be ready for Rock Climbing, or just watching the Clouds, above."
The teen rode his bike around the people walking in the courtyard.
The dogs are alone in the forest.
Two men stop to talk near a sign outside.
The women are preparing dinner in their kitchen.
A dog is carrying a man in a canoe.
An audience watches a girl dance.
A girl is on a sandy beach.
The man is sitting drinking coffee.
Asian children are playing with a dog.
A man is jumping over a stream to meet his companion on the other side.
A girl is bungee jumping.
A blond-haired child performing on the trumpet in front of a house while his younger brother watches.
Three young girls walk down a sidewalk.
A group of military personnel are playing in a brass quintet.
A man playing the guitar in the rain.
The people are entering the plane.
The dogs are chasing a black cat.
A yellow dog is playing in the snow.
The girl is standing as the other girl with glasses works on her hand painting.
A woman is sitting in an office.
Two people watching the water.
The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.
The boy is taking a test at school.
a man in an oversized shirt sits at a shop
A man riding on a bicycle by side of building.
A woman is going on a walk with her dog.
A man is sitting on one of two red benches and staring into a kiosk.
"A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide"
The women are in a play
A man sits on steps.
There is a young boy with the woman.
A person paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background.
The kids are playing a game with each other.
The man is outside in the field.
A boy is drinking from a juice packet.
A man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught.
A biker is doing stunts.
Trombonist playing the her instrument in a band for a parade.
Two smiling little girls playing in a fountain with other people.
A group of men playing soccer in a stadium full of people.
A man is watching three asian kids dance.
A man is standing on one feet on a bridge.
A man is outside on a July day.
A young boy stands over a bridge with a fishing pole.
A player catching a ball.
Two women compete in a contest.
A man in printed board shorts is doing a yoga pose on the beach.
A boy in a jacket playing.
A man in a white shirt and black pants is smiling.
A person and a horse are above a fence.
The two women are playing a game.
The man is very skilled.
Two men in business dress are standing by the side of a road.
A man is at a farmers market.
Two men walk toward a dome-shaped building.
An older child is playing with a doll while gazing out the window.
The children want to swim.
The men are playing a game of basketball.
People are sitting on benches.
A white dog is chasing cows.
A football player attempts a tackle.
Two men are waiting for a ride on the side of a dirt road.
A woman is sitting on the steps because she tripped and hurt her ankle.
People are out sitting in front of a garden.
"A girl in a blue dress and another girl in a purple dress, both smiling."
"A basketball player, playing in the home coming game."
Two medical professionals in green look on at something.
People walking in the dark.
Several men pull a fishing net up on to the beach.
The woman has gray hair.
a small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background
A girl and a lady both looking through a microscope.
a boy is running on the sidewalk
Three people are walking a dog.
People are out on the street.
Two Asian men are gathering materials for their business and their child had to come with them.
A little boy is throwing a man in water.
The two girls are walking with their father.
Several men running down a grass field wearing numbers on the front of their shirts.
three dogs growling On one another
A doctor prescribes a medicine.
The woman is in a bathroom.
A crowd of people watching cars race down the track.
A man and woman are asleep on the couch.
The team in blue is playing a game against the team in white
People are near water.
a man walks along walkway to the store
Two vehicles are going towards the camera.
A boy is near some stairs.
Two boys are riding on a toy with a blonde girl running long side of them.
A busy city square in an asian country.
a woman has a child.
The group of people are enjoying the outdoors.
"A girl in water, with goggles and swimming cap."
A young man on a beach is performing skateboard stunts.
The couple was on the bed.
Two racers are coming to a turn.
A tennis player in the middle of a game.
The plane is getting ready to take off.
A boy riding a green trick bike over some steps outdoors.
A few men on the deck are dropping another man into the water
A group wading across a ditch
A woman poses for the camera.
A man is holding a microphone in a room.
Three women are sitting near a wall.
The two men are wearing pants.
The man jumping is not wearing a shirt.
The woman is checking the eyes of the man.
A man with his dog on the beach.
There is a boy and a girl.
The soccer player gave the ball a high kick.
Man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
The basketball player is about to score points for his team.
A race car driver performs in the race of his life.
The gate is yellow.
A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach.
Two men standing in the surf on a beach.
The couple kissing is near a blond woman.
The skinny dog with the long tail is traveling through the field.
A man is kicking a ball.
Two men are standing in a room.
The woman is on her way to a date.
If you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it.
"At the universities I've worked in North America, human-subject studies (esp."
"Age is not a PhD admission facor in the continental Europe, too."
This is about my experience in computer engineering I found that reading for breadth was the more important approach.
"If you don't mind hosting your files online, SlideShare is a good solution."
"You're going to find answers all over the map for this one (i.e., there probably aren't ""standards"")."
The problem I see with the GREs is that the scoring range is highly compressed.
"You can have a look at the arXiv cultoromics website at http://arxiv.culturomics.org, which however searches in articles on the arXiv."
"For completeness, Apple's Pages has quite a few nice poster layouts."
"You can always ask, then it is the choice of the author to accept or not."
"I would not accelerate things, to avoid getting worse grades that you want."
"You could defer admission, but it's a little unusual to defer for a year."
I can think of three reasons why a faculty member might reveal how a student performed on a qualifying examination.
I would say you are approaching it in the wrong way.
I think for an appropriate answer I'd need to know exactly what the 'bad' ideology is.
"I am a PhD student in Computational Science, which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics, computer science, and engineerning."
"In mathematics, we already have a database of this sort - two them, in fact, with in MathSciNet and Zentralblatt MATH."
The other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense.
Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from.
"In a few billion years, the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide."
It is highly unlikely that we're made out of stuff from only one star.
The expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other.
"Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability."
"The AAVSO data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked, at around 10.5 (visual)."
I will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares.
There is no 'still' that is not relative to some other object.
"When you gaze at the moon ""live"", you are not seeing a still image."
Globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems.
Speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our Universe.
"The main flaw with your definition of a ""generalised planet"" would be the boundary between stars and planets."
You only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation.
Here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website.
It may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy.
"I think you mean to ask, ""What is the local sidereal time of Greenwhich?""."
Constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky.
The objects you are refering to are actually two different objects: asteroids and comets.
"Just for reference, I ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself."
"On the surface, it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn't both exist in the same person."
"Technically speaking, an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain, both involve neurotransmitters."
"According to current models of human concept learning, the answer to your question is both."
There are many arguments for why this is not the case.
"There's the nave version of spike triggered averaging, and the sophisticated version."
I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching.
One human-being reliance on other(s) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans.
"According to Frederick Herzberg's two-factor theory of motivation, intrinsic rewards are motivators (e.g."
"This short talk deals with issues of ""cheating slightly"" :Dan Ariely: Our buggy moral code."
"Basically, what you do is you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample."
"This is indeed possible, but I haven't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility."
"I'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity, but I absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think."
"I'll address just the first of your three sub-questions, the others have been answered by Chuck Sherrington."
Your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a Lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory.
From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?
Wrap well in plastic (individually) and then put in a freezer bag.
"I'd been using paper towels to oil the grill, and I just discovered that newspapers work a lot better."
Soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water.
The difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5% to 15%.
I don't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing...
"By the wording of the question, I'm pretty sure you're using one of those pyramidal graters or a ""sheet"" grater."
Its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer.
lay down a knife horizontaly on the cloves and hit it.
"I've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but they've always come out really well."
"In my experience, fresh garlic is great for when you want texture, or to slow down the flavour infusion."
Salmon is a great choice and it's readily available pretty much everywhere.
"Starting with a whole chilled piece of meat, I quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface."
Black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant.
"Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there."
There are basically two types of cakes: butter and sponge (or Gnoise).
"White fish are, as a rule, more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish."
"I have two suspicions: One, you're undercooking your roux, the flour and butter mixture, and not fully incorporating the flour."
"Probably subjective, but ... Good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper."
The first have covers both been more responsible and told you in that sentence.
There is no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence.
I have never heard or seen the phrase you mention.
"""I had mainly been"" is fine, in the context you're using it."
"As bikeboy389 said, you can learn a lot by looking at students' native languages."
"There are some cases ""status"" may be accounted of countable."
Inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding.
"Semicolon is used to join sentences that can stand alone, but are joined to emphasize their relationship."
"Named is preferred in your example, since you are formally giving a name to your method."
I'd say the expression I don't got... is generally rare in spoken AmE.
"As Shinto pointed out, vulgar words exist in every language."
"In situations like these, I tend to lengthen out the phrase."
"I'm English, and would probably use 'toilet' most of the time, and always in the context of a private home."
The form insofar is American English; the standard form in British and other English is 'in so far'.
"""Ten of six"" probably means 5:50 but I have not heard it before."
"Second one  (for writing purpose), if I believe the ""THEY/THEIR (SINGULAR)"" article."
"I'm not sure how ""Not at all"" sounds in response to ""thank you""."
"The word ""cable"" has its origins in the days of the telegraph."
I suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams.
"Jail is a municipal level, prison is on a state/federal/provincial/territory level."
"Most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like X and/or Y, as well as  this is hard/impossible to do."
Another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing/understanding others.
There are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage.
"No, don't support your weight on your arms Your hands simply aren't really made for supporting all that weight."
Neuromuscular Activation and Dynamic Stretching Here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running.
"Sweat rate is sweat rate, you can't really control it."
"Additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier, but in fact, is often harder than an uphill marathon."
Low reps with high weights don't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short.
"Air squats, forward and side lunges, sprawl, wall chair, and lots and lots of jump rope."
There are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest.
A treadmill won't prepare you for the impact of running for real.
"As @Sarge says, this is for a doctor to diagnose properly."
"In general, warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights."
"You can mix those, but in my experience, it will be very difficult at first."
I've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights.
"I haven't tried storing tomato seeds myself, but I have tried to store pepper seeds (and they are closely related)."
Adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils.
Absolutely ok; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter.
I brought an Ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degrees.
I live in Delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers.
"I've got the same problem, where there are fields of dandelions just beyond the borders of my gardens."
"Some support won't hurt, especially if it is a large fruited variety."
"First, let me say I've no experience doing battle with Bermuda grass."
We have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
The longer you can leave the seed-heads on the plant the better (IMHO).
"Since you've already accepted a nicely sourced answer, I'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition (i.e."
"Additional to the other answers, basil famously doesn't like to be damp overnight."
It is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots.
"I reccomend ""Monkey Grass"" because it is like a slow growing weed that reproduces slowly and looks nice!"
It appears as though it has likely started to bolt.
Use coco peat - It's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is Eco-friendly.
"The NPK numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent, by weight, of Nitrogen, P2O5 and K2O, respectively."
"Your pile will compost without turning it, but it goes faster if you turn it."
"Well I wouldn't risk it, not in a cold compost system."
Some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants.
"I concur with @T.E.D; the question is a ""no True Scotsman"" bar bet."
"Many towns and villages took their name from the ruling family, the owners of the village."
The United States is one of the five largest countries in the world by area.
The USSR growth rate during the 50's was not exceptionally high.
"There is a very good reason not to refer to the Queen's spouse as ""King"" - because they aren't the King."
"They had a treaty beginning in 1941, after a few skirmishes along the area in question."
The following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the New Penguin Atlas of Medieval History.
"This relates to the ""discovery"" of Asian, and other non-European cultures by Americans."
That is indeed Greek Looks like a Ticket to a museum or field.
I guess those are greek tickets () for excavation sites or museums.
There was no influence from China to the culture of Greece.
It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell.
"The Han Dynasty came after the Qin Dyansty, after the government under Shi Huang Di collapsed."
As per your original question: The  Wikipedia section does not claim that Joseph P Kennedy bought John F Kennedy's victory.
"As noted on the Wiki page, grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock."
"I am not exactly sure but I remember the media (in India) addressing Delhi as ""HASTHINA""."
"A greek-speaking slave (, doulos) I think would call his master  (translit: kurios; lord, master, sir; vocative form: )."
"I believe Alexander lost heart after his horse, Bucephelus, died from a wound received in the battle against Porus."
"Indefinite articles developed from numerals, and the definite articles developed from demonstratives."
"In fact, you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you don't care about preserving meaning."
"Modern Englishes, and many other well-known languages, use base 10 (ie decimal) systems of numerals."
It depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues.
"In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples."
I agree with the commentators that your question is a little confusing.
"Although I am quite fluent in Russian, I wouldn't say English sound particularly 'cold' to me."
"Sinhala, one of the languages spoken in Sri Lanka has a four way deixis system."
One idea that's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between Holds and Moves.
Every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed.
"As in Russian, Polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines."
This is an example I always find is helpful for first year.
"As with all natural laws, Zipf's law is an approximation."
"""Phoneme"" is a theoretical construct which probably can't go away."
This is what they recommend at Oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a Masters' in Linguistics.
According to a statistical estimation I know roughly 7000 words in English.
"No, a tent will not give you any protection from bears that want what's inside."
In general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans.
"Nylon, among other synthetics, is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons."
"GPS systems can, and do, work everywhere you can get satellites."
"American black bears They are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of California, mostly in the mountains."
Skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly.
"Alright, there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address."
"Apart from what has been said, your need of water also depends on what you eat."
If you can settle on purple Nunatak and Feather Friends have good sleeping bags in those colors.
Here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
"I'm no herpetologist, but in my experience, snakes are in the ""you don't bug me, I won't bug you"" category."
"Unlike others, I think the route is pretty well described."
Boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill.
You can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website.
"The above advice is quite good, just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country."
"Yes, it is accepted practice to wash new Semi-Static rope (or Single Rope Technique/SRT Rope as it is known by cavers)."
My opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this.
I would say it's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue.
You can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while.
Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn't shouting and/or misbehaving?
"Here's what I saw with my fraternal twins: While learning to speak, all children develop some of their own dialect."
"We always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth, therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you."
Any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous.
"Baby talk, when used correctly is beneficial to speech development."
"Many children, instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control."
"I've found with my baby that it's more accurate to go by his behavior than by ""rules""."
It is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher.
The topics you mention are very broad and not closely related in the scientific world.
"As was mentioned, the problem with cheese is the potential for Listeria."
Yours looks like the one we used for my kids (same brand and everything).
We used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids.
An alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to Hindi in daycare.
Here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years.
You can put her toys near her or give he toys to her.
My wife and I originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over.
I have been in a simular situation with my daughter and a female friend when they were 5 and 4.
Eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them.
"In my experience, babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry."
"I understand that the first 3 days are the most important, so much so it is vital you do it then."
We tried putting a male betta in a community tank once.
"First, the turtles are eating the fish because fish are food, not friends."
To reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush.
"Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill."
"I think Keltari has some good ideas.... A cat can change its ""taste"" in litter material."
They don't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house.
Something is bothering your cat and he does not like it.
Cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things.
"In my 200 L fresh water tank, which is an aggressive tank, fish occasionally get harassed to death."
"First, you should realize that this is not you or your dog's problem."
The info you've been given in the previous answers is good.
Some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom.
I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question...
"As mentioned in previous answers, rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice."
"As covered in the other answers, your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done."
"Allergies to animals, particularly furry ones, can be across the board rather than species specific."
John Cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer.
You'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly.
A trick I did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night.
Bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight.
"We had a cat that required daily medication, and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill."
"Cats don't usually like to have their paws held, touched, or anything like that."
Supposedly Danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 Danios in your tank.
Others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area.
Why did Aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe?
I am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology.
"The difference is huge, as not all non-physical things exist in minds."
My motivation is that I like to look at things from their roots and go up.
"sufficient is an upper bound, necessary is a lower bound."
"It's a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the English-language description is wrong."
Accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you're working within.
"Although I believe Searle is mistaken, I don't think you have found the problem."
Should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system?
The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge' to learn.
Wittgenstein is alluding to how Russell himself solved the Paradox - the theory of ramified types.
"As others have already mentioned, numbers are of course abstractions."
"wikipedia, as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium, is not necessarily a definitive account of anything."
I don't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions.
Our interactions are merely depends on where we put our perception.
It is the same idea as what Aristotle called the unmoved mover.
An alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the TrekPod.
Fast Picture Viewer is $9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit Windows 7 (I'm using it myself).
"There are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters, such as some of the Olympus Tough models."
"The wider your aperture, the smaller your focal depth will be."
It refers to the maximum f-stop (which is defined as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter).
"In my experience, when the final production will be in sRGB, use that color profile from start to finish."
"If your interest is primarily the optics, you need to look at individual lenses, not brands as a whole."
There are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web.
"In Linux I use Bibble, which is has some warts but which is the only serious option AFAICT."
"Some cards are too slow to accept an HD stream, so you need one that is fast enough."
"It's a 1:1 lens, so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor."
"I have the 18-55, 50/1.8 and 50/1.4 as well as the 20D - superseded by a 50D."
"Or just go with the ultra-cheap YongNuo RF-602, which give you a lot of bang for the buck."
"Speaking from my own experience, I would rather carry different ND filters that combine two polarisers."
Lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and/or appending the data in a way that could be reversed.
"Regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease, as it not only dissolves it but also binds it."
"If I had to pick, Linhof would be my choice."
"If you want to learn photography, almost any camera will do to start with."
"In addition to @Pearsonartphoto's answer, you can use flash (either the built-in or better yet, an extarnal) to freeze the motion."
DOMA as a congressional statute could not violate the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the Constitution.
The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described.
There are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the US.
Healthcare They would probably reject your implied claim that Obama's healthcare law will save lives.
The function of the german president is almost just representative.
"While the 'first-past-the-post system favours two parties, it certainly doesn't guarantee the marginalization of third parties."
Side note first: I don't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions.
I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems.
"To start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions."
"There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question, which explain the seeming contradiction."
"There is always ""transitional authority"" by virtue of the writing of regulations."
"The last round of presidential elections in Russia was held on March 4th, 2012 and December 4th, 2011 for the Duma."
"Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most."
"As with the definition of Palestine, the definition of Israel varies depending on whom you ask."
They do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen's will.
"In countries like India, when you have 2/3 of the seats of all parliament, you have absolute majority."
"Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most."
"This is still a representational form of gov't, but with a unique twist."
"As Eugene suggests, try to figure out what you want to achieve."
"To train yourself to use keyboard shortcuts, unplug your mouse for a few days."
I've been happy with the iRobot Roomba for floor cleaning.
I have been reading on this topic since I have asked this question.
One general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others.
The issue is that it never becomes useful in its true meaning.
I agree with others that tracking your time is fundamental to the solution.
"As mentioned by other responders, it turns out that using a standing desk isn't necessarily a perfect solution."
"I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious."
I'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation.
There is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this.
Definitely plan a month ahead - it's totally OK for your plans to change - just amend them as they do.
Instead of trying to force specific answers or method's on them.
Buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area.
I'm considering spending the $48 per month on the GTD (Getting things done) system advertised by David Allen.
What works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks.
Research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb.
My GTD system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here.
13 Tips To Face Your Fear and Enjoy the Ride seems interesting.
http://www.varidesk.com/ There is also the hand-made/DIY version for which you could obtain design templates for.
"There's also FreakyAlarm for iOS, which makes you solve simple logic/math problems before the alarm will turn off."
There's an iPhone app called Groups which might be helpful.
I think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person.
The capital severely punishes people who head out to the restricted areas (e.g.
"The most extensive Vulcan language was made by fans in the 60's, especially by linguist Dorothy Jones Heydt."
"It is not hollow, it is round just as our world."
Time Turners were explicitly mentioned for use in going back in time.
It's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred.
I always thought that Harry seemed to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he did from other sources.
"Without delving into an in-depth analysis of Atlantis and Universe, I'll try and be as succinct as possible."
"Allen Steele's book Hex describes a Dyson sphere, but made of hexagons, 1000 miles (K?"
"The exact timeline hasn't been listed yet, but there are a few assumptions we can make."
Our intrepid heroes also didn't pursue the child who was in the spacesuit.
Most of Philip K Dick's works aren't hard Sci-Fi in the least.
"""Fins"" on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes: solar panels or thermal radiators."
"In real-world combat, most fire is used to suppress the enemy, not kill them."
The short answer is that evolution couldn't create gills in humans.
Wikipedia's compilation of Time Travel Rules is a good resource to check about this subject.
It is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages.
"Well, it really depends on how long he was there, and the exact speed of the Fleet."
The science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic.
"Yes, it's possible for a match to get tie after applying the D/L method."
There's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling/batting in the Super Over.
Bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken.
"Yes, the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area, otherwise it counts as being obstructed."
Fartlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun!
This is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in Super Over is equal...
"In 1900, the second modern Olympic games, 22 women competed in 5 events: tennis, sailing, croquet, equestrian, and golf."
Drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement.
"Having fairly recently taken up the sport myself, I feel your discomfort."
Another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult.
I'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture.
There is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game.
"It is fairly simple to understand, somewhat harder to referee."
From personal experience I found that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful.
There have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage.
Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers.
"That is also the recommended strategy for marathons, if you are going for time."
I am too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training.
"As per the rules, MoM award is decide by the commentry pannel."
"The Laws of Cricket say that you can declare any innings, no matter what the agreed length is."
"Although headgear is allowed to be worn, it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper."
A general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating.
I would definitely go for a slightly slower first half.
"This was too long for a comment, so I am posting it as a CW-answer."
Generally you're supposed to apply at the US consulate at your place of residence.
There are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares.
I am not sure if you can open a bank account in France if you are not a resident.
This page list all the big Christmas markets in Switzerland.
When using a regular taxi make sure it's with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront.
I'm actually about to do the same thing when transferring at London Heathrow.
"Usually it's a refuelling stop, and you just sit on the plane."
Coin lockers are a feature of most stations in Japan.
It's pretty ridiculous that I've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times.
Cusco: High: 70F Low: 40F This is just before the rainy season (Dec-Mar) and crowds are general less.
"There are plenty of ATMs and Exchanges all around the city, especially in city center."
Look at this: http://www.capewrathtrail.co.uk/ You could do it in stages.
"As someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication, I always declare it."
As others have said if you want to get to Split the best public transport offering is by bus.
"Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America, starting and finishing in Quito."
I traveled around Maharashtra (including Mumbai) and Andhra Pradesh and I had no problem getting by with just English.
I think it's going to depend on what the reasons are.
"The minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a ""simple example service""."
"I've tried many of the things mentioned above, but they never really worked for me."
I believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point.
"To answer your question, yes, I think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later."
One thing that should be used as a seasoning in Odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination.
"Whenever I start reading the same lines over and over again, I start skimming."
I don't believe not knowing a character's name would be confusing unless you make it so.
I have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
"I noticed you said ""movie critics"" enjoy mythological references in a film, but do audiences?"
"guillemets, as suggested by Lauren Ipsum, is a good option."
"A villain you want to take down is, at his/her core, someone who does not care about the suffering of others."
Sequence a only in writing (sometimes you have to go back and revise) option the not writer has is.
I agree with Lauren's answer: You need highs and lows in any story.
"At first, I thought this is a bit of a tricky question."
"http://www.rhymezone.com/ You just type in a word, then select one of the following."
I think Stephen King's comments are helpful in this regard.
"I agree with Kate Sherwood, you should be able to attribute most quotes these days by simple fact checking."
Am I allowed to beat the drum for Scrivener again?
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970."
"""It's a huge black eye,"" Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal."
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
"He has a very good reputation,"" RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant."
"France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes."
"Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic ""The Passion of Christ"" in the United States."
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
"More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency."
"The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like ""zistee"" during competition Wednesday."
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
"In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67."
"The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer,"" McKechnie said."
"Generally unwantedand often pornographic or with fraudulent intent spam is a nuisance and a distraction,"" Gates writes."
"The decision came after ""listening to our customers and associates,"" Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said."
"""It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better."""
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06."
"BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19."
"Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?"
"For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the countrys only park dedicated to ancient ruins."
"They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses."
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
"North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight."
"The Standard and Poor's 500-stock index, a broad collection of equities representing leading companies, finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998."
"""I know of nobody who pressured anybody,"" Douglas Feith, undersecretary of defense for policy, said at a Pentagon briefing."
"""She was crying and she was really scared,"" said Yasin."
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
"The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent."
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
"Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition."
"In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century."
"IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net."
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
"The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei."
"A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon."
"Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year."
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
"The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2."
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"The decision is ""clearly incorrect,"" FTC Chairman Tim Muris said."
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
"""This proposal is modest compared with the space programme, and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it."
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
"Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400."
"Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod."
"Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said."
"The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672."
"That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26."
"Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer."
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
"Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas."
"""Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness,"" Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell."
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
"The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government."
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
"The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties."
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
"Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269."
"In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients."
"Dotson, 21, was subsequently charged with Dennehy's murder."
"The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept. 30, it said."
"The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks,"" Carney added."
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
"Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state."
"Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others."
"He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off."
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
"Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition."
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
"According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures."
"Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV."
"The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was ""not an international public health concern."""
"U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday."
"""It got up on his personal radar screen in the past week, and I had to get my pitch."
"Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance."
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
"Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender."
"The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent."
"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting,"" he said to thunderous applause from his supporters."
The Maine program could be a model for other states.
The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.
"""I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower,"" Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home."
"Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said."
"Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516."
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
"The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said."
"Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said."
"Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling ""a huge victory."""
"Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents."
"Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt."
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
"A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision."
"The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02."
"Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform."
"""The other guy, he's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him."
"Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400."
"But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site."
"In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in ""limited circumstances."""
"Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest."
"At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place."
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
"Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region."
"According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks."
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
"The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year."
"Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York."
"Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier."
"It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks."
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
"The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels."
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
"""I'm still not red-hot favourite,"" Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court."
"Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60."
"The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: ""What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution,"" she said."
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
"The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions."
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal."
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10."
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
"""I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill,"" Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday."
"There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide."
"On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely."
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
"Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation."
"FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday."
"Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: ""This is a shocking blow for James's family."
"""The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers."""
"""IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete"" with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said."
"The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration."
"Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200."
"Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics."
"Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak."
"""I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way,"" he said."
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
"Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night."
"U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours."
"BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult."
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
"The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday."
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
"A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care."
"Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market."
"Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported."
"Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal."
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
"Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282."
"There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said."
"Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency."
"""The average track error for the five-day (forecast) is 323 nautical miles."
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
"In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws."
"While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells."
"At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant."
"""It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't,"" said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation."
"""I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees,"" U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said."
"The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934."
"The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568."
"China's foreign ministry said: ""We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."""
"Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio."
"Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters."
"Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month."
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
"The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week."
"Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's ""10 Most Wanted"" list."
"On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube."
"Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento."
"""We're in the Stanley Cup finals, and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games."
"Playwright George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?"
"Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said."
"US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight."
"The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said."
"The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said."
"Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001."
"Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699."
"According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30."
"Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today."
"""However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."""
"Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade."
"On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference."
"With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax."
"Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term."
"Still, changes to IE ""may affect a large number of existing Web pages,"" according to the W3C's notice."
"Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted."
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
"The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office."
"""I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. """
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
"Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff."
"Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel."
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
"Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said."
"The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough."
"Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."""
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
"Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices."
"An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02."
"""There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible,"" Commissioner Susan Kennedy said."
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
"That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday."
"Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51."
"Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier."
"Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires."
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
"Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer."
"Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning."
"South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate."
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
"To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service."
"Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun."
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
"""Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses,"" said Gammerman."
"The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio."
"MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year."
"She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea."
"The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus."
"Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, ""Our journey into space will go on."""
"The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91."
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
"Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry."
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
"""The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives."""
"The mock explosion of a radioactive ""dirty bomb,"" the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area."
"Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says."
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association.
"""We are very pleased with the judge's decision,"" Merrill said yesterday."
"Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products."
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
"Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness."
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
Israel's Netanyahu set to call early vote
"Russia, China veto UN Security Council resolution on Syria"
Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero
"Military plane crashes in southeastern Turkey, 1 dead"
Nigeria church blast kills at least 12
Coty bids $10 billion for Avon
Greece looks set for repeat election
Iranians confess to nuclear scientist murders
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Egypt's President
Nine killed in Syrian-linked clashes in Lebanon
IAF strikes Gaza terror cell; 1 dead
US decries Pakistan doctor's fate
Syria deploys more troops despite peace deal
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery
Annan urges end to Syrian violence
Lawyers: Colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill
Suicide bomber kills 23 at Afghan wedding
"Manmohan in Tehran, asks NAM to take a stand on Syria"
Messi scores 4 to send Guardiola off with victory
South Africa train crash kills 26
Taliban launch coordinated Afghan attacks
"Russia, China veto U.N. draft backing Arab plan for Syria (Reuters)"
Israel braces for Arab protests
Israeli army orders settlers out of Hebron house
Finance minister promises no new taxes
Egypt's President-Elect Morsi Starts to Form Government
Japan thanks Taiwan for quake aid
Activists: Syrian troops kill dozens near Damascus
Police treat suspicious object at Tel Aviv bus station
At least 12 killed in Nigeria church bombing
US drone strike kills four in NWA: officials
Obama's delicate dance on same-sex marriage
Jordan Opens First Refugee Camp for Syrians
Eurozone agrees Greece bail-out
Two blasts rock Syrian capital
Obama backs same-sex marriage
Police disperse east China chemical plant protesters
Dozens of 'flytilla' activists protest at Paris airport
"US jobless rate seen rising, offering Obama no relief"
Israel blames Iran for attacks on its diplomats
Music industry mourns Whitney Houston
Over 120 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
CPAC 2012: Mitt Romney Struggles to Connect with Conservative Base
Britain savors golden night on track
Toulouse shooting: France was on the highest level of security of security alert
"Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea: Match report, pictures & video highlights"
US spends $50m on carp invasion
Lance Armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges
"Britain's Prince Philip hospitalised, to miss jubilee"
'Housewives' actress Kathryn Joosten dies at 72
Rocket fired from Gaza damages home in Sderot; none hurt
Egypt prepares to bury Coptic Pope Shenuda III
EU plans major new sanctions against Iran
Assad makes Red Cross pledge
Manchester United Reveal Share Price Details
Summer solstice celebrated at Stonehenge despite rain
ICC lawyer held in Libya faces 45-day detention
"Freight train derailment, explosion prompts evacuation"
China's yuan weakens against USD for third day
Breivik: Jail term 'ridiculous'
Romney taped at secret donor talk
Eurozone to lend Spain up to 100 bil. euros
S. Korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low
"Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings"
Jerry Sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse
Romney: I left all management of Bain in 1999
Sept. 11 defendants enrage families at hearing
Egyptians wait for key presidential vote results
Sylvester Stallone's Son Found Dead At Home
"Clinton: US, Europe Must Work to Defeat Tyrants"
Obama and Romney take stage for first debate
Roadside bomb kills 5 Afghan policemen
The Presidential Planner - The White House Science Fair
Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
Venezuelan leader returning to Cuba for treatment
Bests great day brings West Indies cheer
Syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm
"Abduct Israelis to free prisoners, Gaza leaders say"
China's industrial output growth slows to 9.2 pct in July
Gazans fire four rockets into Israel; no injuries
Iraq Said to Release Hezbollah Operative
Suicide bomber strikes in Syria
"China detains 7 for ""house sister"" scandal"
China yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against USD Thursday
Residents return to Texas blast site
Shinzo Abe is Japan's prime minister
Bangladesh Islamist leader executed
"Bill De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor, succeeding Michael Bloomberg"
China and Taiwan hold historic talks
Hundreds dead or injured in China quake
Nelson Mandela released from hospital
Cardinals enter Sistine Chapel to elect pope
Egypt Youth Leader Detained for Four Days
"Today in History, Jan. 21"
West raises stakes over Syria chemical claims
Israeli lawmakers call for internal probe into case of Prisoner X
Moderate earthquake hits southern Pakistan
1 Killed in Bangladesh Protest
Brazil leader breaks silence about protests
Calif. man pleads not guilty in terrorism case
Cars trapped in tunnel collapse outside Tokyo
Chinese students attacked in France
"Red grapes, blueberries boost human immunity"
At least 28 people die in Chinese coal mine explosion
"The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday, October 8, 2013"
Tunisia president says confident can overcome political crisis
Mumbai police arrest fifth suspect in gang-rape case
Security agencies worry about new terrorist threats in Kenya
Google invests 200 million USD in Texas wind farm project
Insurance is key to fostering economic growth
Demolition work to begin at stadium
US captures al-Qaeda leader but fails in Somalia attack
London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims
Football: Messi hits 300th Barcelona goal in comeback win
Ukrainian officials barred from Canada as protests continue
NATO soldier killed in Afghan attack
"The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, July 12, 2013"
Scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub
North Korea nuclear test
Stocks close 2.47% higher
Afghan president approves new election law
Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release
Dozens reported killed in Venezuela prison riot
Coptic priest shot dead in Egypt attack
US presidents pay tribute to Mandela
Iran says it has seized U.S. drone; U.S. says it's not true
US Congress may throw wrench into Iran nuclear deal
Bangladesh executes opposition leader
Iran President Hassan Rouhani wants nuclear deal in months
Singapore stocks close 0.54 pct higher
Freed Pussy Riot pair stir up anti-Putin protests
Israel launches air strikes near Damascus
Heavy rains leave 18 dead in Philippines
Iran threatens to trigger oil price war
One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building
"Designer, Socialite Lilly Pulitzer Dies at 81"
"Japan, US hold talks linked to regional trade pact"
Websites fight nasty comments by taking away anonymity
British police deny protecting sex abuser Savile
"Held in Guatemala, software guru McAfee fights deportation"
Biden calls for trust in building new relationship with China
8 dead after heavy rains on island of St Vincent
"Robber steals $53 million worth of jewels in Cannes, police say"
Nelson Mandela is recovering
US military aircraft shot at during evacuation mission in South Sudan
Kenya SC upholds election result
Thousands told to evacuate in Colorado flooding
Bolivia's Morales says he would grant asylum to Snowden if asked
"3 killed, 138 injured in Boston blasts: media"
Dozens of Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes
China stocks close lower on Friday
Miss New York is crowned Miss America
Egypt violence: Student killed in clashes at Cairos Islamic university
Napthine takes the reins after Baillieu's leadership crumbles
SFG meeting reviews situation in Mali
Six confirmed dead after Philadelphia building collapse
Matt Smith quits BBC's Doctor Who
Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting
"Another migrant boat capsizes off Italy, 27 dead"
Turkey's PM Warns Against Protests
Michelle Obama to appear on 'Parks and Recreation'
FORMULA 1: Rosberg stays modest despite Monaco win
Dave Lee Travis pleads not guilty to all charges
Protesters Clash with Police in Brazil
Manila to increase counter-terror team
Egypt braces for more violence as Muslim Brotherhood calls 'march of anger'
Israel widens settlement subsidies
Hunting for clues in Boston bombing
Kerry Calls On UN Security Council to Act on Syria
"Tornadoes hit Kan., Okla.; no injuries reported"
Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Six killed in US building collapse
6.9-magnitude quake strikes off Russia's Kuril Islands
Helicopter crashes into roof of Glasgow club
Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Castro at Mandela memorial
Gunmen kill four in Kenya church attack
Fire breaks out near secretariat in Srinagar
Full text: China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Iran diplomat: progress being made in expert-level talks
Israel press bemoans price of talks resumption
US Says Chemical Weapons Used in Syria
Syria FM: We will stop producing chemical weapons
Pakistan Denounces Latest Drone Attack
NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack
Baghdad cafe bombing kills at least 38
Indian-origin teacher dies after attack in New Zealand
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
At least 78 killed in Pakistan church bombing
At least 150 dead as strong quake hits southwest Balochistan
Fierce clashes in east Syria as US pushes peace talks
US and Russia agree Syria arms deal in Geneva
Australia cuts interest rates to record low
Syria divided opposition struggles within wider Syrian struggle
Arrested Briton 'not significant' to Kenya attack probe
Obama urges no new sanctions on Iran
38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
North Korea urges foreigners to leave South Korea
Chinese president arrives in Argentina for state visit
Nigella Lawson 'took cocaine every day for a decade'
State: No funds for yeshiva that incites violence
Man admits threatening to kill Prince Harry
Manchester United owner Malcolm Glazer dies at 85
More carriers likely in China
Fast-food workers strike for higher pay
Flood alerts in France as river levels rise
"Three killed, 21 injured in two road mishaps"
"Mufti : conspiracy aginst Syria targets its stances, particularly towards Palestine"
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
Obama to meet Ukrainian prime minister at White House
Scores 'killed' in Boko Haram raid in Nigeria
China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
Israeli army kills 3 Palestinian militants in West Bank clashes
"Japan mayor apologizes to U.S., denies wrong words on ""comfort women"""
"43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq"
Iran says Israel lying about rockets
Philippines government says peace talks with communists have failed
Colorado governor visits school shooting victim
"Pakistani Taliban 'elect new chief', vow 'unprecedented' revenge"
US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Israel
Japan: World's Oldest Man Ever Dies Aged 116
Pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks
Bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
Janet Yellen: Five things you might not know
Pakistan's Musharraf Charged In Bhutto Death
High court checks President's recess appointment power
"Eurozone debt crisis is over, says France's President"
Treasury proposes 1.5% income tax raise in budget
EU Ministers of Employment and Social policy to discuss employment boosting strategies
China lands robot rover on moon
Two teenagers arrested after string of sex attacks on Manchester University campus
Zimmerman acquitted in slaying
Crisis-hit Maldives holds new presidential poll
Hollande arrives for US state visit
"Iran, IAEA officials meet ahead of March nuclear deadline: ISNA"
Bombings kill 19 people in Iraq
10 Things to Know for Thursday
UN takes over peacekeeping in Central African Republic
Oil prices down in Asian trade
Israeli forces detain 2 Palestinians in overnight arrest raids
Israel Police Clash With Palestinians in Jerusalem
Five killed in Saudi Arabia shooting
Has Nasa discovered water on Mars?
WTO: India regrets action of developed nations
"Volkswagen's ""gesture of goodwill"" to diesel owners"
Obama waiting for midterm to name attorney general
New York police officer critically wounded in hatchet attack
A girl is styling her hair.
A group of men play soccer on the beach.
One woman is measuring another woman's ankle.
A man is cutting up a cucumber.
A man is playing a harp.
A woman is cutting onions.
A man is riding an electric bicycle.
A man is playing the drums.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is cutting an onion.
A man is cycling.
A man is slicing open a fish.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A man is playing a guitar.
A baby panda goes down a slide.
A man is singing and playing a guitar.
A man attacks a woman.
A man is driving a car.
A woman is cutting tofu.
The woman is styling her hair.
Two zebras play in an open field.
A man is cutting a potato.
A man is slicing an onion.
A  man is dancing.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A woman is slicing garlics.
A man is speaking.
A little boy is singing and playing a guitar.
A turtle is swimming in water.
A young woman is putting stickers all over her face.
A woman is wrapping tofu.
A cat is eating some corn.
A man is eating a food.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is kicking pots of water.
A man is cutting a pipe with scissors.
A woman is dancing in the rain.
A woman is taking a bath.
A man mixes vegetables in a pot.
A woman is talking on a cell phone.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is cutting apple by his hand.
A man is opening a door.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A man is cutting paper with a sword.
A boy studies a calendar.
The ballerina is dancing.
A woman is dancing.
A woman is slicing some tomatoes.
A woman is water skiing.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is playing the piano.
A woman is picking a can.
A man puts three pieces of meat into a pan.
A woman is cutting an onion.
Some men are sawing.
A car is driven down the road.
The man is kissing and hugging the woman.
A train is moving.
Someone is slicing an onion.
A woman is playing in the ocean.
A person is playing an electronic keyboard.
A man is holding a leaf.
A woman is peeling shrimp.
A man is sitting and smoking.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is standing in front of the window and looking outside.
A skunk is looking here and there.
A man is playing the guitar and singing.
A woman opens a window.
People are dancing outside.
The man is using a camera to hammer a nail.
A woman is filing her nails.
A boy is crawling into a dog house.
A woman is swimming underwater.
A machine is sharpening a pencil.
A monkey is playing drums.
A man is opening a box and taking out paper.
A woman is dancing.
A person is drawing on a large touchscreen.
The men played follow the leader on the grass.
A woman is cracking eggs.
A woman peels garlic with her hands.
The polar bears fought over the kill.
A man is doing trick with play cards.
The cat is licking a bottle.
A person is slicing an onion.
A person is peeling a potato with a potato peeler.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd.
A man is seasoning some carrots.
Two men pushed carts through the woods.
A man is playing a football.
The lady peeled the potatoe.
A woman is slicing some tofu.
Someone typed on a keyboard.
"Three young men run, jump, and kick off of a Coke machine."
A young Asian girl is applying eyeliner.
A cat is walking around a house.
A woman is talking to her pet bunny as she fondles it.
A monkey is playing drums.
A man is riding a white horse on an enclosed ground.
An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces.
A group of people are dancing.
A man is playing guitar.
A woman mixes up vegetables.
A woman pours a mixture into a bowl and mixes it.
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl.
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices.
The panda bear lay on the logs.
Five men jump into a swimming pool.
A cheetah is running behind its prey.
A cat is playing on the floor.
A boy is playing violin on stage.
A dog is barking at a toy.
A man is cycling.
A woman is slicing ginger.
A man is dragging a dead deer.
A man is preparing a snake for cooking.
A woman is spreading mustard on a bread roll.
Someone touched the kitten chewing on a string.
Meat is being put into a skillet.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree.
A woman and man are dancing in the rain.
Someone is drawing.
A man is playing a guitar.
Two men are fistfighting in a ring.
A person wipes butter on a tray.
Two men are playing football.
The man is playing the guitar.
A man is peeling a potato.
A woman is stabbing a potato with a fork.
A child is waking up.
A boy is playing a key-board.
A woman plays the flute.
A woman is playing an electric guitar.
A man is playing a flute.
A group of people are sweeping water out of a house.
A man plays a guitar.
A man and a woman is kissing each other.
A woman is climbing a cliff.
A polar bear is running towards a group of walruses.
A woman is cutting some fish.
Someone is playing a piano.
A man is pouring rice a roni into a pan.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand.
A girl is playing guitar.
A man is praying.
A man is playing piano.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A man is riding a horse by a creek.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is picking up a tree.
A person is peeling a potato.
A person is playing a piano.
A man is spitting.
A man is playing a musical keyboard.
A man is dancing.
A man plays a trumpet.
A woman is riding a horse.
A band is playing on stage.
A woman is playing a guitar and singing.
The man is eating.
A little boy hits a golf ball.
A guy is taking off his sunglasses.
Someone is reading an email.
A person is slicing onions.
A girl is coming up on a car.
A man is playing drums.
Someone is slicing a onion.
A woman is dicing some peeled potatoes cut into thick strips.
A little girl peddling a scooter.
A cat cleans itself.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
A woman opens a window.
Three men are doing same dance in the street.
The man is playing the guitar.
A man is dancing.
A woman is exercising.
A boy is playing the violin onstage.
The woman is measuring the other woman.
A man is doing exercise.
A dog is playing with a toy.
A man is playing a piano.
A man is bowling.
A woman is dancing near a fire.
A man is making a bed.
A person is riding a motorcyle.
A man pours rice into a pot.
A person is slicing some garlic.
A woman is slicing ginger.
Men are playing soccer.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini.
A panda bear is chewing on a stick.
The people are lifting bags.
A man is talking on the phone.
A woman is braiding her hair.
The man is throwing knives at a tree.
The woman is slicing tofu.
A woman is folding paper.
Someone is folding a piece of paper.
A man is lifting weights.
A man is playing a cello.
The man is talking.
A man tries to feed a mouse to a snake.
A man is playing the drums.
A man is playing a ukulele.
A kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.
A man breaks cinder blocks on another man.
A man is hitting a boy with flower vase.
The man is mixing whipping cream.
A man is stirring juice.
Someone is slicing two uncooked racks of ribs apart.
A man is kicking pots of water.
Two little girls talk on the telephone.
A cat gets stuck on a moving ceiling fan.
The cat is drinking milk.
Rocky and Apollo Creed are running down the beach.
A man is singing while playing the guitar.
A boat sails along the water.
An okapi is eating from a tree.
Several kids jump up and down on a trampoline.
A woman is pouring egg into a frying pan.
A woman is frying ground meat.
Three boys in karate costumes are fighting.
Swimmers are racing in a lake.
A person is boiling noodles.
A person is slicing some onions.
A man reels in a fish.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A lady mixed up a meat mixture in bowl.
A girl is applying makeup on her face.
A woman puts make-up on.
A cat plays in his water.
A person is adding food in a pan.
A man is smoking.
A person is putting shredded cheese in a pot.
A man is erasing a chalk board.
The man is exercising.
A chimp is kicking a target.
A man is doing exercise.
The girl is carrying a baby.
Several swimmers jump into the water.
A man spins on a surf board.
A young man is riding a skateboard and jumps onto a sidewalk then off at another curb.
A person dices up an orange pepper.
Two men are dancing together.
A man is reading an email.
The curious boys look in the shed.
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
Two cats are looking at a window.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
Red and white bus driving down road.
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
a close up head of an ostrich.
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
A woman riding a brown horse.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
A moped in front of ruins.
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
Three men posing in a tent.
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
A train is at a train station.
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
Three young women standing in a room together.
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
The birds are swimming in the water.
A black dog looking at the camera.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
A very retro living room with a television in it.
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
"A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background."
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
Train in a station.
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
An empty office cubicle.
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
"A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room."
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
A green car parked at a saloon.
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
Two ducks are standing by the water.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
A woman riding a brown horse.
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
A black train moves down the tracks.
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
Four people rowing down a river.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
"two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket."
The train sits at the train station.
Two animals sitting on a rock.
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
Two women in a clothing store.
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
Black bird standing on concrete.
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
Older woman holding newborn baby.
Two dogs play in the grass.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
A dog swims through the water.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
A bird flies across the water.
A dog is running through a pond
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
The dog is running through a field.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
"A young boy jumping into a pool that says ""no diving""."
Three dogs running in the dirt.
Four children on stools in a diner.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
Two children splashing in the water.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
four children are playing on a trampoline.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
A black dog running into the water.
a man and woman walking past a record shop
Two dogs play in the grass.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
a dog jumps into the water.
"A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore."
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
Two dogs are running in the field.
Two people are in bed.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
A black dog is jumping out of water.
A man climbing a rock-face.
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
"A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide"
A dog standing in the water.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
A dog running on the grass
Many football players sitting on the ground.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
A girl is jumping.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
Three children playing in snow.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
A brown dog is running through the field.
A dog is standing in the sand.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
Two dogs running on the shore.
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
Two dogs playing in snow.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
A woman is sitting in the water.
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
The dog plays in the park.
Four dogs stand in the snow.
"Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other."
A man running on a track.
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
Child holding an object that is on fire.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
A black and white dog runs through the water.
A girl is running on a desert path.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
A deer jumps a fence.
A person is on a baseball team.
A bike is next to a couple women.
The group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.
The boy is raising his hand.
A man with a gray beard is being shaved in front of a lecture hall
A young person  deep in thought.
A man is performing labor.
Two men wearing traditional clothing is standing outside.
a man wearing a gray hat fishing out of a fishing boat.
A little girl in an orange striped outfit is airborne whilst bouncing on a bed.
A person is watching people ski down the hill.
The yard has a dog.
Three women cook.
The woman is kneeling next to a cat.
Three guys playing a pro game of basketball.
The boys are earning their next belt in karate.
A woman is digging in the sand.
A woman drives a golf cart.
A person filming the outdoors.
A human riding a skateboard.
A woman in a plaid outfit is looking through a bag of produce.
The tennis player hit the ball into outer space and broke the death star.
A boy climbs a forest hill.
Blond boy jumping onto deck.
A man uses a chainsaw to sculpt a phallic ice sculpture.
A group of male construction workers repair railroad tracks on a cloudy day
The girl has something on her head.
People making a structure out of cards.
There are four people outside.
Girls are holding hands in blue clothes
A man is demonstrating how to work with clay while at least two people observe.
A dog has a sweater on.
Sculptor applying concrete to large statue of human figure standing with no head.
A boy with dark hair is in water and is looking up.
A pole is behind a person that is playing peekaboo with a child.
A woman is about to paint.
a man working at the steel mill
The young woman is flirting with the young boy.
the men are about to score in a water polo tournament
A man eats popcorn while watching cartoons late one night.
Three men sit on a bench.
The road is long.
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump.
A dog under the stairs
Two women give a demonstration at a Renaissance Fair.
Some guy sitting on a couch watching television.
A woman is posing for a Christmas card.
A man is working on his farm.
A girl is talking to her dad on a cellphone.
One person wields an umbrella.
A group of teenagers jumping and having a good time.
A man is playing his guitar at Joe's Cafe.
Someone is on a blanket.
The man has a orange shirt.
The two kids look at the products sold inside the subway shop.
The baby boy wants his mother.
A boy is very close to a girl.
Six children are cleaning a room.
There is a cook preparing food.
Two men are helping a boy.
Two skiing people are doing cross country skiing.
A dog taking a poop in the street.
A kid is talking in class.
The women are trying to sell something to the individual.
People are waiting for the fireworks to start.
A dog prepares to herd three sheep with horns.
People gathered in a room.
The woman in overalls paints a picture for her wall.
Adding aspirin to the water could kill the plant.
The woman is wearing yellow.
A man is doing a stunt on his bicycle.
Ten people riding ATVs.
A yellow vested person is doing road work.
Two workers are sitting next to pipes eating lunch
A group of people living in the desert
Two kids are swimming.
people getting their dirty clothes cleaned
The children are holding musical instruments.
A group of people are wearing police uniforms conducting an arrest.
the man is planning to shoot a wedding
The child's bike got wet.
A soldier walks a dog.
A shirtless woman is operating a lawn mower.
The two officers are driving
The lady looks sad because no one is buying her wares.
A flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach.
people walk home
A man is laughing with a woman
He is about to run into the boat
2 Cows are in a field.
A wet child enjoys the summer.
The girl has a driver's license
People on motorcycles wearing racing gear ride around a racetrack
A man is standing on the ground with a paintbrush
The kids are at the theater watching a movie.
Two women walk down the sidewalk to the store.
A man has his son on his back
A group of dark-skinned people are walking past barbed wire.
Zombies parading around eating brains.
A group of people are sitting at at a beach on towels watching the Blue Angels.
Three people are meeting for coffee.
A young girl with dirt on her face and a red child's bike is in the background.
A line of scooters are parking in the middle of a street.
A man holding a cat.
The cats are running through the grass.
The two boys are playing kick ball back and forth to each other.
Two girls are running.
A little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolics on the grass.
A man in a white shirt and hat playing a guitar.
A black hooded man is using a large magnifying glass to look at a booklet.
the people are running a marathon
A group of people are nervous about crossing the water.
A group of kids are having a jumping contest.
The person is wearing a fedora.
A woman and a man embrace while watching a horror movie.
A man in a blue dress shirt.
A couple is playing the game of Life.
The head of a child with dark glasses is in focus.
A maintenance guy is repairing a net on a tennis court.
A kid sits on a soccer ball outside.
A man in a brown coat rubs his nose.
The dog is chasing the geese.
Small child playing with letter P
A brown dog is jumping.
A group of teenagers in red shirts are smiling.
"I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours."
"In the US, it will depend on the school."
There's also what the string is made of.
You also imply you may not be paid if they cannot place you with a client.
I did this one time as well.
"You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want."
You do not need to worry.
You should do it.
You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do.
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.
It depends on what you want to have in your tank.
"You can do it, too."
You should do it.
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.
I have few suggestions for you:
You want to start in the room that is the largest to make sure you have the straightest start.
"if you don't want to derail the meeting, but the key is to speak up."
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.
As soon as possible.
"You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want."
The answer to both questions is: Yes.
To give this an answer:
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.
The rule - When in doubt throw it out!
This is not a good idea.
"Yes, it's probably a good idea to renew your passport."
It probably depends on the cut of meat.
It's not a good idea.
It's pretty much up to you.
"Yes, there is a reason for it."
Have you tried asking your employees?
You guys are making this all WAAAAAY too complicated.
You don't have to know.
There are two things to consider:
Work into it slowly.
You can buy it on amazon for $5.
"The coffee simply picks up the aluminum from the pot, as the coffee is acidic."
There are two ways to start with: plunging and dripping.
You might have to try a variety before you find one that clicks with him.
It's not a good idea.
"You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want."
"Yes, you should mention your experience."
From what I understand this is what you can do :
Take a look at these:
I'd say it primarily depends on two things:
Some of what you can do:
This is not a good idea.
"The answers so far are already good, but I'd like to add a map for Switzerland:"
I was in a similar situation.
I've had this same problem.
There is no maximum.
I am not sure this is the right site for the question.
"It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it."
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.
You are not disclosing key info.
"It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it."
"You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want."
"It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it."
This is a problem that the professor has to deal with.
This is a very unusual request.
It very much depends on the grant in question.
I have the same thing.
No it does not affect your ratings.
"My answer to your question is ""Probably Not""."
I don't think it makes any tremendous difference.
It depends on what they are.
There's not a lot you can do about that.
You answered your own question.
"You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want."
This is not a good idea.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
I'd say it primarily depends on two things:
You don't have to know.
I have the same thing.
It's not a good idea.
You are on the right path.
"This doesn't answer your question, but:"
How should I proceed about this?
Does this page answer your question?
"You can use it, too."
It really depends on how the employer documents it.
I've had this same problem.
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.
"It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it."
"Yes, you have to file a tax return in Canada."
I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.
Hope this is what you are looking for.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
It depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake.
"You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want."
You PROBABLY don't have any chance at the moment.
It really doesn't matter.
You don't need to know everything.
I think you're looking for Mikey (1992).
It makes absolutely NO difference.
I think it's fine to ask this question.
I'm going to be very direct here.
"You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want."
You should do it.
There's not a lot you can do about that.
What kind of insulation is it?
It depends entirely on your company and your contract.
You answered your own question.
I don't think that there's any.
There are a few things you can do:
This is the tip I find most useful:
That's what I believe.
"If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all."
It's all in her head.
"If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all."
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.
"I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised."
Can you do this?
"Sure, I've  done this very trip."
"You can use it, too."
How do you do that?
I've located an article that might be of some help: http://www.dsattorney.com/qa-pseudonyms-in-contracts/
"I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised."
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.
"If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all."
It's also a matter of taste.
It's not a good idea.
This answer is based on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the US.
There are a few things I think you should do.
You will want to clean the area first.
It depends on what you want to have in your tank.
There are a couple of options that you could consider:
You don't have to worry.
Vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the USA.
It depends on how it's used.
I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.
There's not a lot you can do about that.
You got it right.
"You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want."
How do you do that?
I was in a similar situation.
What is your lid made of?
You don't need any visa.
"That is your problem, not your supervisor's."
"It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it."
There are two things to consider:
It depends entirely on your company and your contract.
"The wood probably isn't rotten, it's just worn out."
"Well, I wouldn't put it on my cv."
This is a great one...
The answer to both questions is: Yes.
"Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose."
I think it is depends on the program.
Can you do this?
I think there isn't a general answer.
There are a few things you can do:
"The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals."
You don't have to know.
I think you've pretty much done your review.
There are a few things I think you should do.
You burn more Calories digesting protein than you do carbohydrates and fat.
"It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it."
You got it right.
You answered your own question.
I have the same thing.
"Yes, there is a chemical difference."
"They can be out of level by a bit, but flat is important."
I would look at this: U.S.
You are on the right path.
"If you haven't, you should."
Yes it is common!
I don't think that there's any.
It looks to me that this is set up for what you want:
"Problem is, the system doesn't account for people who could care less about money, or title."
"In the first case, I think you don't need it."
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.
Work into it slowly.
"No, you do not NEED a bread machine."
"Yes, it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis."
"You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want."
"Yes, you should mention your experience."
I think it is great that you had a test conducted.
You don't have to know.
"Yes, there is a rule against this."
What are your goals?
I'm going to go out on a limb here...
"If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid, then you will not need a transit visa."
A few more point to think about:
Now you don't have to be perfect on every answer.
I'm afraid we are out of luck in this one.
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.
It varies by the situation.
I have the same thing.
I have the same thing.
You are on the right path.
Primer/paint will not work.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
It's also a matter of taste.
I was in a similar situation.
"You can use it, too."
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.
It depends on what they are.
I had the same problem as you.
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.
You don't need to know everything.
Also it is useful to keep the consistency in your story.
I think it's just a habit.
It's not a good idea.
I'm thinking it's a bad idea.
"It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it."
You have a problem.
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.
"Unfortunately, this question cannot be answered in its full generality."
I would personally beware of the Motley Fool.
I think there isn't a general answer.
It's not a good idea.
You don't need any visa.
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.
I had the same problem as you.
"My answer to your question is ""Probably Not""."
You should do it.
I had the same problem as you.
Hope this is what you are looking for.
There are two things to consider:
It's pretty much up to you.
There are a few things you can do:
The answer to this and all such similar questions is in two stages:
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.
There are a few things you can do:
"It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it."
There are a few possible reasons.
There are three options:
So think it in this way.
Maybe this could work for you.
"It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it."
Microwave would be your best bet.
"In the US, it will depend on the school."
It's not a good idea.
There are a few things I think you should do.
I've had this same problem.
This is not a good idea.
I realized there is already an accepted answer but I figure I would add my 2 cents.
"Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose."
"Yes, there is at least one to my knowledge."
You don't have to worry.
There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not.
"Yes, you should make a rsum."
You shouldn't feel any obligation at all.
I've had this same problem.
You may have to experiment and find what you like.
"My answer to your question is ""Probably Not""."
The key thing to realize here is that it's not your job to make people do their work.
"Not a direct answer to the question, but something to consider."
There are two possible causes for this:
I agree with the other comments.
The answer to both questions is: Yes.
It rather depends on which country you're in.
This is a terrible idea.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
"Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind."
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
"Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators."
"But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said."
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
"It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public."
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
"""We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary,"" said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman."
"Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says."
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
"Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable."
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
"His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25."
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
"""Tony's not feeling well,"" Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said."
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
"As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls."
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.
"The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000."
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
"Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced."
"In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches."
"The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30."
"The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999."
"A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported."
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
"A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack."
"Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed."
"Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations."
"Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was ""in the hands of the negotiators""."
"""Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now,"" he said during a press briefing at the hospital."
"On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it."
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
"Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability ""is showing results."""
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
"Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found."
"Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology."
"Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32."
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
"The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico."
"""We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."""
"""These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate,"" Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers."
"There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said."
"It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American,"" Abraham said."
"In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke."
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
"Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet."
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
"""Let's show we won't let them off,"" said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union."
"Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."""
"Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping."
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
"Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation."
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
"Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent)."
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
"That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year."
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
"The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89."
"But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said."
"Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient."
"Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said."
"On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week."
"The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north."
"The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent."
"In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer."
"Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras."
"IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent."
"Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, ""This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."""
"Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering."
"The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier."
"The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday."
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
"The agency will ""consider as timely any tax returns or payments due"" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22."
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
"Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001."
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
"The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close."
"Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene."
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
"The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."""
"The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call ""disturbing"" abuse of juveniles and ""unconscionable"" conditions at two state-run facilities."
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
"Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop."
"Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability."
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
"""The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation,"" it said in a statement."
"The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990."
"For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent."
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
"Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company."
"Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive."
"The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a ""highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman""."
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
"""It''s absurd,"" Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said."
"Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles."
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
"The New York senator's new book, ""Living History,"" appears a certain bestseller."
"""Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."""
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
"""Jeremy's a good guy,"" Barber said, adding: ""Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete."
"But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen."
"About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional."
"In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE."
"U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters."
"Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent."
"In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit."
"Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered."
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
"Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo."
"A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees."
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
"One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania."
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
"The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London."
"During the hearing, Morales expressed ""sincere regrets and remorse"" for his actions."
"Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said."
"According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, ""MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it."
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
"The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so."
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
"Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: ""My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen."
"Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City."
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
"A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of ""Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."""
"""Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive,"" the specialist said yesterday."
"In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday."
"Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003."
"It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday."
"Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida."
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17."
"Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily."
"Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters."
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
"In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics."
"Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items."
"On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court."
"Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash."
"Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003."
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
"He playfully chided the Senate's ""little bitty tax relief plan."""
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
"MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony."
"Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine."
"Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: ""I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups."
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
"""We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed."
"The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said."
"""But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition."""
"The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago."
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
"Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer."
"Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989."
"Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman."
"Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva."
"A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday."
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
"On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums."
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
"Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for ""Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."""
"The government did not identify the taikonauts  a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space  who would travel on the second mission."
"I think we made the right case and did the right thing."""
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
"""Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California."
"""I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply,"" said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase."
"The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal."
"""It is about a third of what I owe in the world,"" he told reporters."
"The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87."
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
"So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of ""Frankie and Johnny."""
"""Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end,"" said Hit resident Abu Qasim."
"Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday."
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
"He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday ."
"He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased."
"The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18."
"They said they had concluded that the film failed ""to present a balanced portrayal"" of the Reagans."
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
"Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93."
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
"MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment."
"The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up."
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
"Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it."
"Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold."
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
"The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said."
"Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas."
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
"The workers accuse General Dynamics of ""reverse age discrimination"" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997."
"The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains."
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
"The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said."
"""In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history,"" Bush said."
"Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility."
"Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs."
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
"Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33."
"In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year."
"""We are expending all available resources toward the investigation,"" said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492."
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
"PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said."
"So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government ""has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."""
"The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called ""public"" board members."
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
"That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share."
"""The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth."
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
"In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early."
"The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26."
"The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell."
"Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said."
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
"WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities."
"The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising."
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
"It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users."
Tropical storm heads for pass along Honduras coast
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church
US says ready to help blind Chinese activist
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries
Berri says ready to help launch national unity government
13 dead in Iraq bomb attacks
Hurricane Isaac Moves Inland After Landfall
Nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash
ICC jails Congolese warlord for 14 years over child soldiers
"7 soldiers killed, 56 injured in PKK attack in eastern Turkey"
Schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat
MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc
Activists: Syrian troops storm Damascus suburb
Tehran: EU sanctions won't force Iran into nuclear talks
Portugal Drownings: UK Girl And Grandad Named
"Iran, powers set for high-stakes nuclear talks"
Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests
"Jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in UK"
Iraq searches Syria bound Iran plane: officials
Syria fighting rages as Russia urges Western re-think
Erdogan's party submits plan for Turkish presidency
Publisher acquitted in privacy case
Samsung overtakes Nokia in phones
Gu Kailai murder trial ends in China
Not 'hiding the ball' on Russia: Obama
England captain Andrew Strauss retires from professional cricket
China backs Sri Lanka on UN resolution
Ton up: Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred
Conspiracy against me - Lance
"Mursi takes oath of office, becomes Egyptian president"
Syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies double gets Trotters a point but they stay in bottom three
"Syrian forces shell towns, clash with rebels"
Bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral
Apple buying security firm AuthenTec for $356 million
Trade newspaper Variety up for sale
Australians flee homes amid floods
Germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter
Asian stocks rise after Greek vote eases fears
British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan
Obama silent on China dissident
Suicide Bomber Kills 6 in Afghan Capital
Denver shooting: Police to detonate devices in suspect's home
Syria hands over bodies of journalists
Coroner: Whitney Houston died in bathtub
Japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures
Japan to deport Chinese held over island landing
Some Syria violence amounts to civil war-Red Cross
Romney Wins Nevada Caucus
Apple iPad mini makes debut
Hamas hangs three Gaza prisoners
East Timor votes in presidential election
Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Syria
KL shares higher at mid-afternoon
Chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
Not a good beginning: Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin
Afghan Parliament Votes to Oust Key Ministers
Attacker in Afghan uniform kills 2 NATO troops
Cheap generics no panacea for Indias poorest
'Arrest warrant' for Maldives ex-president
HRW: Jordan turning away Palestinian refugees from Syria
Syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
"Sandy slams into Northeast; at least 18 dead, 7.4M without power"
Putin Declares Victory in Russia Presidential Vote
Supreme Court to Hear Voting Rights Act Case
Libya postpones assembly election to July 7
London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony 'to feature a green and pleasant land'
Pakistan blocks Twitter over anti-Islamic material
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey Tuesday
Pakistani PM shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel
Opposition leaders emerge to commemorate Cambodian workers' deaths
Mali due to vote for president
Pussy Riot member Alyokhina released from jail in Russia
Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
"Blizzard hammers U.S. Northeast, five dead, 700,000 lose power"
2 French Journalists Killed in Mali
Vehicles ablaze in collapsed Japan tunnel
China stocks close lower on Friday
Mayor says 14 dead in Texas fertilizer plant blast
CBN reiterates plan to phase out polymer notes
U.S. files espionage charges agains NSA leaker
Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape
Where's Rusty? Red panda vanishes from National Zoo
Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands to abdicate for son
U.S. dumps bombs at Great Barrier Reef
38 Taliban militants killed in Afghanistan
Most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the Philippines
Calls for more Egypt protests
US government 'on the edge of shutdown'
123 killed in fighting in northern Syria
Critics say Putins security restrictions violate rights
"Egypt braces for more protests, prays for calm"
Morsi supporters protest in Egypt
Stocks rise in early trading
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army
Defiant Mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts 'vile' West
Nelson Mandela in Hospital for Tests
"Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal"
Algeria Mounts Military Operation to Rescue Al Qaeda Hostages
Delhi gang rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
Birth Control Linked With Higher Glaucoma Risk
Malaysia sets May 5 as date for closely contested election
Dhawan smashes India to big win over South Africa
N Korea postpones family reunions
"Syria rejects US, UK chemical arms claims"
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood Supreme Guide
Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan
News summary for March 11
Hawaii passes gay marriage bill
Syrian Opposition Urges EU to Send Arms to Rebels
Funeral of Oscar Pistorius' girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp takes place
Two firefighters killed in New York ambush
"Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts"
Mars rover collects first bedrock sample
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage
Man who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer
Iran says nuclear talks to resume next month
US authorities charge man in ricin probe
25 bodies found at raided Algerian gas plant
Ferrer cruises into Australian Open quarter-finals
UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit
"North, South Korea agree to talks"
Gunmen kill female politician in Pakistan
Kardashian Divorce Ready for Trial
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage
"Syria regime claims evacuation of 5,000 near Damascus"
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
"Internet, phone service restored in Syrian capital"
Syrian PM Survives Bomb Attack
US stock futures edge up ahead of jobs report
Bomb blast kills 10 in southwest Pakistan
David Cameron puts Sri Lanka on notice over war crime allegations
Morsi supporters clash with riot police in Cairo
Afghan police kill 5 Taliban fighters
Gunmen kidnap airline pilots in Lebanon
Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey in March: report
Japan revises GDP growth to annual 1.1 pct in Q3
The foundations of South Africa are built on Nelson Mandela's memory
"Ukraine protest leaders name ministers, Russian troops on alert"
"Malala, Snowden, Belarusians Short-Listed For Sakharov Prize"
ElBaradei to Become Egyptian PM
Taiwan's economy grows 2.27% in April-June quarter
Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia
"State Dept. issues wide travel alert, says terror attack possible"
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
Russia warns Ukraine against EU deal
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory
China sacks top economic official
Canada approves oil pipeline to the Pacific Coast
Storm buries Northeast; 16 inches of snow in NJ
Jamaican connection in Liverpool's win
"International weapons experts leave Syria, Obama to make statement"
Southwest jet hit nose first
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train
Powerful quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Obama lashes North Korea as pariah state
Colombia strike three times
Lord Palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son James
Deputy speaker faces new sex claims
CIA chief visits Israel for Syria talks
"Suicide bomb kills 4, injures 13 in Pakistan"
Ukraine rebels 'flee eastern stronghold'
4 foreigners among 9 killed in Kabul hotel attack
Firefighters battle forest fire in SW China
Hassan Rouhani wins Iran's presidential election
Woman remanded over child's death A woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.
Red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army
Russia praises idea to render rights assistance to Ukraine
Georgian PM's ally to become president - exit poll
Car bombs kill at least 16 in Iraqi capital
Saudi Arabia gets a seat at the UN Security Council
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
20 killed in bomb attack at Pakistani base
Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday
Prince Harry pays tribute to US war dead
"15 dead in Iraq attacks, bomb at football pitch"
Myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence
Iran official: US visa denial to Iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks
"Gov'ts, groups pledge millions for typhoon relief"
Greece suspends state broadcaster
Guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide
Beaten Florida teen released in Israel
"Iran, sextet to resume expert talks"
"Bangladesh collapse search over; death toll 1,127"
Neymar powers Brazil into last 16
Ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire
Stones add second Hyde Park concert
"What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013"
5 nations meet on haze
"Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties"
Bomber strikes near Pakistan army HQ
Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry
Suicide attack kills eight in Baghdad
On War Criminals and Heroes: The Whitewashing of Ariel Sharon 
"Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal"
Prominent AIDS researchers killed in Malaysian plane crash
Israel Forces Kill 2 Palestinian Militants
Death toll 'rises to 17' after typhoon strikes Japan
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital
Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 14
Iran warns of spillover of possible war on Syria
Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf arrested again
US drone strike 'kills 4 militants in Pakistan'
UK's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87
Polar bear DNA 'may help fight obesity'
'Fast &amp; Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash
Air strike kills one man in Syria's Hama
"Turkish PM, president clash over reply to protests"
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
Floods in central Europe continue to create havoc
Luxembourg PM quits amid spying scandal
"3 dead, 4 missing in central China construction accident"
"US, China fail to paper over cracks in ties"
World Cup live: France 0-0 Germany
Tokyo to host 2020 Games
France warns of extremists benefiting from Egypt violence
British teenager killed in fall from Magaluf hotel
US drone strike kills eight in Waziristan
Russian opposition leader under house arrest
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve
Israel confirms strike on Syria targeted weapons
Jurors find Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty
Twitter reports blocking in Venezuela
Goa building collapse death toll touches 15
Pak religious body endorses underage marriage
"Mt Gox reveals 200,000 'forgotten' bitcoin haul"
More than 100 injured in Texas plant blast
Redford touts Alberta economy ahead of vote on leadership
Obama holds out over Syria strikes
South Korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with North Korea
Tycoon claims win in Ukraine and promises to seek future in EU
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons
AbbVie Sours on $55B Shire Deal After Tax Changes
Militant attack from Afghanistan kills four in Upper Dir
13 killed in Afgan terror attack
Rev's Early Reads: March 2
Pope canonizes 2 Palestinians
Funeral of Ian Paisley to take place in Belfast
Waba emerges new NLC president
5 US airstrikes target Islamic State fighters
US Senate votes to advance Iran nuclear review bill
Editors from around the world urge Turkey to protect media
"Philippines, Canada pledge to further boost relations"
Israel bars Palestinians from Jerusalem's Old City
How much do you know about Secret Service?
Obama Struggles to Soothe Saudi Fears As Iran Talks Resume
South Korea declares end to MERS outbreak
A girl is brushing her hair.
A group of boys are playing soccer on the beach.
A woman measures another woman's ankle.
A man is slicing a cucumber.
A man is playing a keyboard.
A woman is cutting tofu.
A man is riding a bicycle.
A man is playing the guitar.
A lady is playing the guitar.
A man is playing a trumpet.
A man is playing a trumpet.
A man cuts an onion.
A man is talking.
A man is cutting up a fish.
A man is slicing a bun.
A man is playing a keyboard.
A panda slides down a slide.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man slaps a woman.
A man is riding a horse.
A woman is cutting an onion.
The woman is slicing herbs.
Two zebras are playing in a field.
A man is slicing some potato.
A woman is slicing a pumpkin.
A man and woman is dancing.
A woman is riding a horse.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A man is cooking.
A man is singing and playing the guitar.
A turtle is walking underwater.
A woman is applying stickers to her face.
A woman is balling dough.
A cat is eating corn on the cob.
A man is eating a piece of bread.
A man is eating pasta.
A man is picking flowers.
A man is cutting carpet with a knife.
A woman dances in the rain out side.
A woman is riding a horse.
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot.
A man and woman are talking on the phone.
A man is singing while playing the guitar.
A man is driving a car.
A man is cutting carpet with a knife.
A man is cutting an onion.
A man is riding a horse.
A woman is cutting a tomato.
A boy is looking at a calendar.
A man is dancing.
A woman is playing violin.
A woman is chopping a potato.
A woman is slicing fish.
A man is riding a scooter.
A man played the guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is putting meat in a pan.
A woman is cleaning a garden.
Men are sawing logs.
A girl is walking down a road.
A man is hugging and kissing a woman.
A man is doing yoga.
A woman is cutting onion.
A woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
A kid is playing keyboard.
A monkey is fighting a man.
A man is squeezing water.
A man is smoking a cigarette.
A woman is riding a horse.
A man is staring out the window.
A skunk looks at the camera.
A man sings with a guitar.
A man is crawling.
A group of people are dancing.
Someone is banging a camera lense against a nail.
A man is peeling a carrot.
A boy is playing a wooden flute.
A man is slicing some carrots.
The machine shaved the end of the pencil.
A gorilla plays the drums.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman plays the clarinet.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.
The rhino grazed on the grass.
A man is talking to a woman.
The woman is slicing herbs.
Polar bears are fighting each other.
A man is performing a card trick.
A cat plays with a small bottle.
A person cuts ginger.
A man is cutting tomatoes with a cleaver.
The women are singing and dancing.
A woman is slicing garlic.
Two men are pushing carts.
A man is maneuvering a soccer ball with his feet.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman is cutting a block of tofu into small cubes.
Someone is typing.
Three men are jumping off a wall.
A girl is putting on eye makeup.
A woman is peeling potato.
A woman walks her dog onto astro turf.
Someone in a gorilla costume is playing a set of drums.
Someone is riding a horse.
A woman is slicing a carrot.
Women are dancing outside.
A boy is talking to a giant dog.
A woman is adding ingredients to a skillet.
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet.
Pieces of butter is added in the stand mixer.
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several split and buttered loaves of bread.
A panda is lying down.
A group of swimmers fall into a pool.
A cheetah chases prey on across a field.
A man is slicing garlic.
A person is mixing a pot.
The little dog barked at the electronic toy.
A boy is riding a bicycle.
A person is holding two baby lorises.
A man is jumping into water from a cliff.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water.
A kitten is playing with a woman's finger.
Someone is cutting paper.
A woman is putting a baby into a trash can.
A little girl peddling a scooter.
A man and woman are dancing in rain.
Someone is dancing.
A woman is playing the guitar.
Two men fistfight in a ring.
A person is buttering a tray.
Two men are practicing football.
The girl is playing the guitar.
A man is slicing a potato.
A woman is puncturing a potato with a fork.
A girl is waking up.
A little boy is playing a keyboard.
A woman is playing the flute.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
People are sweeping water out of a house.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man and a woman are hugging and kissing each other.
A woman is climbing a rock face.
A polar bear is chasing a group of walruses.
A woman is cutting tofu.
Someone is playing guitar.
A man poured ric-a-roni into a pan.
A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
A girl is playing a piano.
A man is dancing.
A man is playing a violin.
A woman is slicing lemons.
A man is riding a horse.
A man is playing a guitar and singing.
A man is carrying a tree.
The man is peeling a potato.
A person is slicing a potato.
A man is talking.
A man is playing a keyboard piano.
A man is thinking.
A man is playing the trumpet.
A man rides a horse.
A woman is dancing on a stage.
A woman is playing the guitar.
A man is eating food.
The little boy swung at the golf ball.
A boy is removing his sunglasses.
A man is reading his email.
Someone is slicing an onion.
A girl jumps on top of a car.
A man is playing his guitar.
Someone is carrying a fish.
A woman is chopping a peeled potato into slices.
A girl is riding a scooter.
A cat is licking itself.
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball.
A woman is looking out a window.
Three shirtless men are dancing in the street.
The man is peeling a potato.
A woman is exercising.
A man is dancing.
A boy is playing an instrument.
The lady measured the other woman's ankle.
A man is firing a rifle.
A dog is eating a doll.
A guy is peeling a potato.
A kitten is walking.
A woman is cutting a tomatoe.
A man is speaking to an audience.
A person is chopping an onion.
A man is putting rice in a bowling pot.
A person is dicing a clove of garlic with a knife.
A woman is cutting potatoes.
Two teams play soccer.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush.
A baby panda plays with a stick.
Several people are carrying large bags.
A man is moon-walking across a store.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A man is throwing blades into a close target outside.
The woman is putting on lipstick.
A woman is applying eye shadow.
A person is slicing a small pieces of ginger.
A man is chopping egg plant.
A man is rapidly lifting small weights.
A man is walking down stairs.
A man is teasing a snake with a mouse.
A woman is slicing some leaves.
A man is sitting and playing a small guitar.
A small child is drinking water from a cup.
A woman breaks an egg into a pan.
A man is cutting a mat.
The man is holding a skunk.
A man is peeling an onion.
Someone is cutting a piece of meat.
A man is turning foods.
Two couple are talking with each other.
A cat is swinging on a fan.
A white cat is licking and drinking milk kept on a plate.
The men are jogging on the beach.
A man is stuffing himself full with food.
The man is playing the guitar.
A moose drinks from a sprinkler.
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline.
A man is petting two dogs.
A man is cutting a trunk with an axe.
Three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
Women swimmers are diving in from the starting platform.
A cat is licking a bottle.
A woman is chopping herbs.
A woman is pouring oil in a bowl.
A horse is standing.
A woman is stirring meat in a bowl.
A woman is putting on makeup.
A woman is putting on eyeshadow.
The cat fished a straw out ouf his water dish.
A man is dancing in the street.
A baby is sucking on a pacifier.
A hamster is eating some seeds.
"A woman is dancing, and singing."
A man is doing pull-ups.
A woman is putting oil into a skillet.
A baby is laughing.
A man is eating a food.
Swimmers are racing in a lake.
A man is putting barbecue sauce on chicken.
A man is riding a skateboard.
The cook is slicing bell peppers.
A woman opens a closet.
A person opening a banana.
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
A moped in front of ruins.
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
A white cat looking out of a window.
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
A white cat stands on the floor.
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
Young couple sitting on couch.
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
A bus drives down a busy road.
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
A close up of an ostrich face.
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
A woman taking her own photo from above.
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
"A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl."
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
Three men eating in a kitchen.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
The train sits at the train station.
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
"Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters."
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
Birds fly low over water.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
People on motorbikes in a city street.
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
Two women standing outside of a bus.
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
a black and white cow standing in the field.
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
Three people preparing to canoe.
A girl riding a tan horse.
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
A girl riding a brown horse.
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
A cat looking out of a window.
Three goats are chased by a dog.
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
a train in a station.
Blue bird standing on green grass.
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
Two cats are looking at a window.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
Small office space with bright green walls.
A green car parked outside the saloon.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
The birds are swimming in the water.
Black and white cows behind a fence.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
A brown horse in a green field.
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
A large pile of scrap wood.
A girl riding a brown horse.
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
A long train is on train tracks.
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
Four people row a canoe in water.
A brown horse in a green field.
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
"Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed."
A train parked at a train station.
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
Two women in a sailboat.
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
Blue bird standing on green grass.
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
A bird flies above the water.
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A man jumps off a rock into the water
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
A dog runs through a field.
a white dog runs across the water.
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
"A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road."
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
The man is going into the water.
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
A boy and a dog running on grass
Two boys are playing flag football.
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
"Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other."
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
A black dog running through water.
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
Three children playing on the floor.
A dog swimming in a pond
A dog is jumping into the water.
"The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water."
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
Two dogs running in a field.
Two boxers are in the ring.
A pale dog runs down a path.
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
A white dog running over a bridge.
Two brown dogs running through water.
A black dog is shaking off water.
A man is climbing a rock wall.
A woman is playing volley ball.
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
A girl playing on a parachute.
a group of surfers catching a wave
Two dogs are running through a green yard
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A tan dog is walking through snow.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
Two dogs are running on the grass.
A dog rolls on the ground.
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
A boy is rock climbing.
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
Three children playing in hay
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
A white dog running on the beach.
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
Two dogs playing in grass.
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
The woman is skating in the park.
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
Two dogs playing in a yard.
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
Two poodles are running through the snow.
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
A girls is jumping in the sand.
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
Four dogs playing in the snow.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
a man running track
A dog runs through the grass.
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
a small dog steps onto a log.
Two dogs play in the snow.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
Black and brown dog runs through field.
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A person is playing basketball on a team.
A child next to a bike.
A group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
The man is raising his hand.
A man with a beard is sitting in the grass.
A young man deep in thought.
A man is performing today.
Three women wearing black vests and gray shirts are talking outside of a building.
A man wearing a straw hat and fishing vest in a stream.
A dog in a red shirt is chasing a squirrel through the glass.
The woman is jumping a long distance while people watch.
The dog is running after another dog.
Two women cooking.
A girl is standing next to a man.
two guys playing a game of baseball.
Five girls and one boy are in their swimsuits all in the middle of jumping into the pool.
A man is buried in the sand.
A man riding a cart.
There is a couple outdoors.
A child is riding a skateboard.
"This is the picture of a woman in a flowered dress, toting something in a bucket."
A female tennis player is leaping into the air to hit the ball.
A boy is climbing a hill.
A boy jumping down a wet inflatable slide.
A man is using a chainsaw to carve a wooden sculpture.
A crew of workers working on a railroad track.
The woman has something with her.
Two people are together and one is using a piece of clothing in a different way than intended.
Five people are outside.
The young people are wearing jeans with their red and green shirts.
At least one of the three women is talking to the others.
A man in a suit jacket is sitting on a red couch with a cat.
A person is standing in front of a building holding aloft some plywood
The man is short hair.
There is a child with a ball
A boy is about to take a picture.
A man working in a foundry.
The girl is young and cheery.
The two men are about to compete in a match.
A man and a girl are watching cartoons at home
two men sit on a bench.
There is nothing on the side of the road.
A man wearing a white shirt and red and black shorts is running on the sidewalk.
A dog is resting on the stairs.
Two people are doing a demonstration at a renaissance fair.
A guy is sitting on the couch watching TV
A girl is taking a photo.
An old guy is working on his farm and a cow kicks him.
a girl is talking on her phone.
One person is holding an umbrella.
A group of kids having a good time.
The man is playing the drums for his mom.
The person is making a blanket.
The woman has a orange shirt.
The kids are stealing from a store.
A baby boy is happy to see his mother.
A girl is close to a boy whose face is not shown.
Two male children cleaning up leaves in a parking lot.
A cook is making food.
Two men are with a young child.
People skiing cross country.
A man making balloon animals for two children on a street corner.
A girl is going to class.
The men are trying to make some money.
Three people are waiting for the rain to stop.
A dog and sheep run together.
People gathered together in a room.
A woman is painting her wall white.
Men are trying to remove oil from a body of water.
The woman is wearing red.
A man is doing a wheelie on his motorcycle.
4 people are riding bikes
A person is doing very well on their skateboard.
The construction workers are sitting down to eat lunch.
A group of people in the middle of the desert.
Six kids are going swimming.
People are getting their clothes cleaned.
A group of children are singing and playing instruments
A group of police officers are wearing protection.
the woman is going to a wedding.
She is putting away the bike.
A man walks a dog.
A girl is mowing the grass with a lawn mower.
Two officers are on horses.
The lady is selling things.
Birds are flying at a beach.
People waiting.
A man and a woman laughing.
The man is getting his boat clean to take it out on the water.
Two sheep are in a field.
A woman is enjoying the summer weather.
A man has a driver's license.
People on motorcycles ride around a racetrack
A man with a crutch lying on the ground.
it is picture day for the boys
Two women walk down the sidewalk in the afternoon.
A man spent his time with his son.
Two women are gossiping by a fence.
The zombies are eating flesh together.
A group of people are sitting at a beach watching the Blue Angels.
Two people make coffee.
The old woman in shorts and a white t-shirt is standing on a path watching children play.
A line of motor bikes are parked in the middle of a street.
A man holding a dog.
Some dogs running through the park.
The players are kicking each other while attempting to kick the ball.
Three boys are running.
A woman in a green shirt and white pants golfs on the green.
A man in a green shirt and black hat playing a guitar on stage.
A white hooded woman is using a magnifying glass to look at a booklet.
People are running a marathon
A group of people are on the water.
A group of kids are having a sleepover.
A man is wearing a uniform.
A man and a woman watch a movie together.
A man in a white shirt and blue pants is talking with a woman in a pink shirt.
The family is playing a game together.
There is a woman with a full head of hair.
A man removing a tennis net.
A kid sitting on a soccer ball at the park.
A bald man with a red beard holds his hand near his mouth.
One dog is chasing the other.
2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.
A brown dog is jumping
A group of people are wearing orange shirts.
"I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours."
It really depends on the school and the program.
There is also a Youtube-Version of the film.
"You can do it, but you might not be a professor."
I have this habit as well.
"You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within."
You don't have to worry.
You should do what it says.
"You should listen to your boss, because you're not paid to tell the boss what to do."
"You have to decide how much you want to demand, and what unmet demands you can live with."
i think it depends what you want:
"Yes, you can do it."
"You can do it, too."
You have to know what you want to do.
I have two suggestions for you:
"You will have to start with the clinic., and maybe move on to the insurance company."
The key thing you need to do in this meeting is listen.
"My answer to your question is ""Probably Not""."
Start them as early as possible.
"It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it."
The answer to both of your questions is yes.
I'll answer this question:
"Sorry, I don't know the answer to your question."
"I always go by the rule ""When in doubt, throw it out!"
This sound like a very bad idea.
It's a good idea.
It depends on the meat and how it's cut.
It's a good question.
It's much better to ask.
"Yes, that is exactly what it means."
Have you tried asking?
You are making this too complicated.
You have no need to do anything.
There are two possible causes for this:
It seems to work.
You can buy it on ebay for $25 and up.
One idea is cleaning the coffee residue from the coffee pot.
There are two traditional ways to bend wood:
My advice would be to try a variety of coffees that you can afford and find one you like.
It is not a good idea.
"They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available."
"Yes, you should mention it."
Can you do this?
Take a look at this:
I'd say it depends on the ultimate outcome you want?
Not much you can do besides:
But it is not a good idea.
"You have a lot of answers already, but I'd like to add Curries as another solutions."
I had a similar situation.
I had this same problem.
There is no quarantine period.
I am not sure this question would have made much sense to the Romans themselves.
"In other words, it depends on where you go, when you do there and how."
"Yes, you should create a portfolio site to showcase what you can do and what you've done."
No you are not.
I guess it depends on what you're going to do.
It is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job.
It depends on what you want to achieve.
This is a big problem.
This sounds a bit unusual.
I think it depends very much on the area.
I have had the same problem.
No it is not.
I think that the short  answer to your question is: No.
I don't think it makes much difference.
"It depends on what they are evaluating, and how."
There's not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter.
You have answered your own question.
Th answer to you problem is that you dont actually know what you're getting in .
This is probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow.
"My recommendation is not to say anything, and do the best you can."
I'd say it depends what conditions you have.
You don't have to do anything to season it.
I have the same situation and have traveled extensively.
I do not think it's a good idea.
You are right on the mark.
This is a part answer to your question
So how should I do this?
Does this answer your questions?
You can still use it for practice.
It depends how you're stating it.
I've had this problem while working in a pubs.
You should tell a good story and sometimes you have to tweak reality/history to do so.
It depends on what you want to be able to do.
You are not required to file a tax return in Canada if you have no taxable income.
I don't see why that should be a problem.
"If what you are looking for is much higher, they get the picture."
The best thing to do is to overcome the fussiness.
It depends on the sauce and the result you want.
You have to do what is right for you.
"Saying ""thanks, I don't have any questions at the moment."""
It doesn't matter unless it is really far off.
You don't have to know.
I think you're looking for the movie
"No, it makes no difference."
I think it is okay to ask the question.
"I'm going to be blunt, here: You don't."
"Yes, you can do exactly what you want to do."
You should prime it first.
I'm afraid there's not really a lot you can do.
What kind of floors are above?
I guess it depends on the nature of your contract.
You've answered your own question already.
I don't think there is any universal term.
There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.
Something like this is useful:
"Yes, I believe it's a good idea."
"If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do."
It's all about adhesion.
"If you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it, don't."
You have to know what you want to do.
"Personally, I would say not unless it suits you."
Can you do it?
I've done this many dozens of times.
"You can do it, too."
How to do that?
I found some link that might be of help to you:
"I would say it is impossible to know, so don't risk it."
The answer to your question is not really.
"You don't, it will not work."
It's definitely just a matter of preference.
It's a good idea to do both.
This answer is based on experience I did not researched for references.
There are quite a few things you would need to do;
You will also want to remove the seeds.
It depends on what you want to achieve.
There are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you.
"Since you have one ticket, you don't have to worry."
Nepalese citizens require a visa to visit the UK.
It depends on how long it's been out.
I don't see why this could be a problem.
I really do not think there is much you can do about that.
Yes you got it.
"Remember this is your degree we are talking about, its up to you what you want to do."
How should you do that?
I am in a similar situation.
What is your paper for?
You don't need sauce at all.
Work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem.
It's up to you what you want to do next.
A couple things to consider:
It depends on your company.
It's just worn out and not safe.
I wouldn't put this job on my resume.
This is a difficult one.
To directly answer the two questions in your title.
"Valid reasons to feel the way you do, but not a reason to resign."
It depends on how the term is used I think.
"So, CAN you do this?"
I don't think there is an answer for this.
There are a couple things you can try.
"You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within."
You don't have equipments/facilities to do research in B.
You've pretty much answered your own question.
There are a few things I don't understand:
"The more you sweat, the faster you will burn calories and fat."
It depends on what you want to say/imply.
You've got it right.
You pretty much answered your own question.
I had the same problem as you.
"Yes, there is a reason for it."
"Yes, although they can be a bit sour."
I would look at this way:
You're on the right path.
"You should, but you don't have to."
The simple answer is yes!
I don't think there are any benefits.
It is up to you whether you want to do that.
The Joker doesn't care about money.
So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.
"It is difficult, if not impossible, to give a complete answer to this question."
This gives you the opportunity to make your case that you really do have expertise in XXX.
You work on it slowly.
You do not need to worry.
"Yes, it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal."
"So if that's what you need, you really do have to be explicit about it."
"Yes, you should make a rsum."
I think that's a great plan.
Other than that you don't have a tax issue.
There's no rule against it.
What are you goals?
I'm going to be very direct here.
"You do not need a transit visa, but to enter Zurich you will need a visa."
A few things to think about:
You don't have to know.
I think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck.
Point is: know what you want and don't be afraid to ask for it.
This varies by institution.
I have the same problem.
I have the exact same problem.
You're right on about the sample definition.
Nope that will not work.
The best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold.
It's mostly a matter of taste.
Personally when I was in a similar situation I sent the couple a card and a gift.
"Yes, you can do it."
You have to find out what works for you.
It depends on how it's used.
I have just had the same problem.
You could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you.
They just don't want you to know it.
It is important to keep the story in the scope of your limit.
I think it's a bad idea.
"No, it's not a good thing."
I think it's a bad idea.
You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it.
This is a big problem.
"If the conversation is not about work, you know what the answer is to your own question."
This cannot be answered in general.
I would recommend looking at The Motley Fool.
I don't think there is a single definition.
Not a good idea.
You don't have to worry.
You're probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want.
I have exactly the same problem.
The answer to your question is not really.
You should never do it.
I had the same issue.
Is this the kind of thing you're looking for ?
I think there are two important things to consider:
It is up to you.
There are a few things you need to consider:
The answer to both questions is: Yes.
This is a part answer to your question
There are a few things I think you should do.
It depends on what and where you are going to do.
There are a few reasons that paint wrinkles.
There are only three options:
Think of it this way.
Maybe this can work for you.
"They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available."
Your best bet is research.
This will depend on the university.
"It's not just a good idea, it's an excellent idea."
There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.
I had this same situation.
Not a good idea.
I know this is an old question but I feel I should add my 2 cents.
"Yes, there is a chemical difference."
"To my knowledge, there's no time requirement."
You don't have to do anything to season it.
There is no code telling you that you cannot do this.
"Yes, you should talk to your professor."
You don't need sauce at all.
I had this problem before.
You have to find out what works for you.
This is a part answer to your question
It really isn't your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job.
"Not a real answer to your question, but maybe it helps."
There are two options for you -
I agree with the previous comments.
"If the answer to any of these questions is yes, a PhD may be worthwhile for you."
That depends on which country you are in.
This is a bad idea.
"In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29."
"Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details."
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
"The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million."
"Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph."
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
"His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia."
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
"The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia."
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
"""We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines,"" said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections."
"Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion."
"At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition."
"Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry."
"The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point."
"His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va."
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
"We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday."
"In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy."
Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February.
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
"The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health."
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
"The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30."
"The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999."
"A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department."
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
"A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive."
"JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi."
"Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations."
"""The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators,"" Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday."
"""Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now,"" said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore."
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
"The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday."
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
"A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin."
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
"Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents."
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
"Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring."
"The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR."
"He urged employees to ""avoid complacency"" and to ""change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."""
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
"The impact of natural-gas shortages ""will touch virtually every American,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday."
"Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent."
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
"""The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up,"" said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union."
"Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to ""fully support PeopleSoft customers and products"" for many years to come."
"Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping."
"The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam."
"Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said."
"Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share."
"Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation."
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
"The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said."
"Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year."
"Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread."
"Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89."
"But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said."
"Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist."
"The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said."
"In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday."
"The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available."
"Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day."
"Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer."
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
"""This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals,"" Raymond said."
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
"The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday."
"The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94."
"Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through."
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
"The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001."
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
"The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday."
"Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing."
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
"Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, ""the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."""
"The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities."
"Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true."
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
"Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets."
"China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live."
"Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year."
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
"According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990."
"For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent."
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
"Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company."
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
"The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow."
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
"Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations ""ridiculous."""
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
"Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History."
"A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: ""Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."""
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
"He also said Shockey is ""living the dream life of a New York athlete."
"Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen."
"The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional."
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
"Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote."
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
"Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement."
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
"The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019."
"The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said."
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
"The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields."
"Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania."
"Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10."
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
"Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed ""sincere regret and remorse"" for his crimes."
"Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users."
"""MediaMax performs EXACTLY as ""advertised"" to the companies who purchased it,"" Jacobs said in the statement."
"He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off."
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
"The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not."
"But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal."
"""My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen,"" Ezzell said."
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
"Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat."
"The crates are full of hardback copies of ""Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."""
"""But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive,"" he said."
"In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97."
"Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003."
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
"As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States."
"Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said."
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
"The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588."
"Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002."
"Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added."
"But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects."
"In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets."
"Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks."
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
"The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003."
"Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade."
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
"Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp."
"Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it."
"""I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups,"" Bloomberg said."
"The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida."
"""We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have."
"The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said."
"""The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease,"" Manson said."
"The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago."
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
"With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer."
"Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger."
"Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman."
"It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva."
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
"Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC."
"The crates are full of hardback copies of ""Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."""
"The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space."
"Mr Blair went on: ""I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq."
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
"""I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."""
"Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said ""I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."""
"The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion."
"It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world."
"At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29."
"Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent."
"Edie Falco was not nominated for ""Frankie and Johnny."""
"""Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end."""
"Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday."
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
"Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88."
"Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position."
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
"CBS said the show ""does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience."
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
"The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones."
"Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut."
"Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal."
"Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold."
"The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours."
"The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said."
"Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela."
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
"Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list."
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
"The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13."
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
"A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups."
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
"Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history."
"Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility."
"Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team."
"She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night."
"After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59."
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
"""We are aware of the situation,"" said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921."
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
"The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares."
"In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, ""The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."""
"Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members."
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
"That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter."
But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
"In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt."
"The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60."
"The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department."
"Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station."
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
"WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002."
"In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share."
"Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back."
"It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users."
Tropical storm warnings for Southeast coast
Suicide bomber kills 21 in NW Pakistan
U.S. ready to help Chinese activist: official
2 Gaza rockets hit Israel; no injuries
The perception of Spain has changed dramatically with this government
16 killed in north Iraq attacks
Hurricane Isaac batters US coast near New Orleans
Nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash
Congolese warlord sentenced to 14 years in landmark case - video
"3 killed, 14 injured in attacks in Iraq"
Schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat
CMIE cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3%
Activist says Syrian citizen cameraman killed in Homs
Low expectations for Iran nuclear talks
British Girl And Grandad Drown In Portugal
"U.S., Iran prepare for Istanbul nuclear talks"
Syrian forces kill 3 protesters in Damascus-activists
"Royal Mail to create 1,000 jobs"
Iraq searches Syrian-bound Iranian plane
"Syria fighting rages in capital, Russia pressed"
Erdogan's party aims for Turkish presidency
PBS publishes new guidelines on impartiality
Charges over dog attack on police
Gu Kailai's Murder Trial Ends in China
Obama says he's not 'hiding the ball' on Russia
England captain Strauss retires from cricket
War crimes: China backs Lanka on UN resolution
Sachin Tendulkar's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures
Day begins amid panic
Morsi to take oath as first Egypt civilian president
Syrian opposition leader criticizes U.S.
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies in at the double
Syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province
"Greek protesters, police clash as bailout deal in limbo"
News Summary: Apple buying AuthenTec for $356M
Hollywood trade publication Variety put up for sale
Australian speaker steps aside
"Eurozone avoids recession in Q1, thanks to Germany"
Oil rises after Greek election result
Two British soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Obama to visit Korean DMZ
Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
Police to detonate devices in Colorado shooting suspect's home
Syria TV says govt troops free captive journalists
Coroner confirms Whitney Houston found in bathtub
Oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures
German court weighs delay to euro fund ruling
Some Syria violence qualifies as civil war -Red Cross
Romney shifts focus to Santorum ahead caucuses
Apple iPad mini makes debut in Asia
Myanmar announces release of prisoners
Venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election
"Sunday Times journalist, French photographer 'killed in Syria'"
KL shares lower at mid-morning
Chicago teachers union delegates could end strike
Israel asks US for arms that could aid Iran strike
French President Francois Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin
Afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers
Man in Afghan army uniform kills NATO soldier
Cheap cancer drugs no cure for India's poorest
Maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president
Report: Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
Syria army takes northern rebel stronghold
Chinese stocks open lower Friday
"Eastern U.S. storms leave 2 dead in Va., 2 million without power"
Complaints in Russian election mount
Supreme Court to hear corporate human rights case
Libya postpones landmark election to July 7
"London 2012 Olympics: Opening Ceremony to be a 'green and pleasant land', says Danny Boyle"
Pakistan blocks Twitter over 'blasphemy'
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey before Iran
Pakistan avalanche: rescuers search for buried soldiers
Cambodia opposition leaders summoned to court
Mali Counts Votes After Presidential Runoff
Pussy Riot member Maria Alyokhina freed from jail
Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport
"Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads"
Two French journalists killed in Mali
Vehicles 'left burning' as smoke emits from Japan tunnel
China stocks close higher on Wednesday
Rescuers search for survivors of Texas fertiliser plant blast
Nigeria announces plans to change polymer Naira notes
US files espionage charges against Snowden over leaks
Chinese generals son gets 10 years jail for gang-rape
Missing red panda returned safely to National Zoo
Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands abdicates in favour of son
U.S. military jettisons bombs near Australia's Great Barrier Reef
Taliban attacks US base in Afghanistan
23 Missing as Typhoon Utor Hits Philippines
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49
Obama rejects GOP offer to ease shutdown
Many killed in Syrian air strike
Putin's security decree for Sochi draws ire of critics
"Egypt braces for more protests over Morsi, prays for calm"
Morsi backers defiant in face of Egypt govt threat
US stocks ease in choppy trading
Bangladesh building-collapse toll tops 600
Mugabe sworn in for another term
South Africa: Mandela in hospital for tests
"Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal"
Algeria mulls international force for hostages
Delhi gang rape victim flown to Singapore hospital
Contraceptive pill 'doubles glaucoma risk'
Malaysia sets date for landmark elections
Dhawan ton sets up India Trophy win over South Africa
North Korea postpones war-torn family unions
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
Egypt bans Muslim Brotherhood group
Gunmen kill 3 policemen in Iraq
News summary for January 14
US Senate passes gay workers bill
Syrian opposition meets to choose interim PM
Oscar Pistorius 'shot Steenkamp in bathroom'
Two New York firefighters in guarded condition after deadly ambush
Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay
Wawrinka reaches first grand slam final
Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
Former plant chief who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer
Iran says capable of jamming foes' communication systems
South African police arrest 50 in farm protest
25 more bodies found at Algerian gas plant
Ferrer beats Nishikori to advance to Australian Open quarterfinals
UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit and takes 600m charge
"North, South Korea hold rare talks"
Gunmen kill 5 female teachers in Pakistan
Hard-hit hotels ready for price war
New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
Syria army continues mop-up operations near Damascus
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
Internet service resumes in Syria
Syrian PM survives bomb attack in capital
"Stock futures edge higher, all eyes on Fed"
Major quake kills 39 in Pakistan
Sri Lanka warned over war crime allegations
Protesters clash with riot police in Kiev
"5 Taliban, 5 Afghan police killed in ambushes"
Gunmen kidnap 2 Turkish Airlines pilots in Lebanon
Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey
Japans GDP growth downgraded to annual 1.1%
Australian politicians lament over Nelson Mandela's death
Ukraine Refuses to Act Against Russian 'Provocation'
Fugitive Snowden short-listed for European rights prize
"Liberal ElBaradei named Egypt PM, Islamists cry foul"
China's economic growth rebounds to 7.8% in latest quarter
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
"US issues global travel alert, cites al-Qaida threat"
Singapore stocks end down 0.45%
Rebels down Ukraine helicopters
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory over Japan
China FM hosts senior ASEAN officials
Canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to Pacific
"Forum urges stable relations for China, Japan"
Japan Election: Shinzo Abe Hails Landslide Win
"Weapons experts leave Syria, U.S. prepares attack"
Southwest Jet's Nose Gear Landed First
Gunmen kill nine in southwest Pakistan: Police
6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Obama lashes North Korea as weak pariah state
Colombia too slick for Greece
Oscar Pistorius sent for mental evaluation: what will it mean?
Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans Re-Arrested
CIA chief in Israel to discuss situation in Syria
Twitter blocks content in Pakistan
Ukraine Claims Rebels Flushed from Main Stronghold
Foreigners among dead in Kabul hotel attack
Firefighters battling scrub fire in Hokianga
Maduro wins Venezuelan presidential vote
Mother held over daughter's death A mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
Oil rig spat: Beijing not to send army
Russia detains suspected Islamist militants in Moscow raid
Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
Car bombs kill at least 47 in Baghdad area
Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council
US drone kills 16 in Pakistan
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
Shenzhen stock indices close lower -- Oct. 31
US presidents pay tribute to Mandela
46 dead in Iraq attack blitz
Ban Warns Syria Strikes Could Worsen Sectarian Violence
Iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks
Canada promises $5-million in typhoon relief
Greece to close state broadcaster to save money
Guatemala's former leader found guilty of genocide
Palestinian teen dies of wounds sustained in Israeli shooting
Iran upbeat on 'useful' expert-level nuke talks
Bangladesh collapse deaths top 620
Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16
Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire
Rolling Stones add second Hyde Park date
"What the Papers Say, Dec. 30, 2013"
Putin's marriage at an end
"Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt"
Bombing Outside Restaurant in Pakistan Wounds 15
Croatia countdowns to joining EU
Suicide attacks kill 24 people in Baghdad
On war criminals and heroes: The whitewashing of Ariel Sharon
"Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal"
Top AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Plane Crash
Israeli army kills Palestinian militant in raid
Death Toll Rises to 84 in Pakistan Floods
Protests Continue In Ukraine's Capital
"Two French journalists abducted, killed in Northern Mali"
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 29
"Iranian Delegation Heads to Lebanon, Syria"
Former Pakistan military ruler Pervez Musharraf granted bail
US drone strike kills 10 in Pakistan
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies
Polar bear study may boost fight against obesity
"Paul Walker dead: Fast and Furious star, 40, killed in car crash"
US drone strike kills eleven in Pakistan
Turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests
6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region
Europe floods continue to create havoc
Luxembourg votes after spying row
"One dead, 8 missing in Vietnam boat accident"
China: Relief in focus as hope for missing fades
World Cup live: Germany 0-0 Ghana
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
France fears extremists will benefit from Egypt violence
British teenager killed in Magaluf hotel fall
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
Russian Opposition Leader Placed Under House Arrest
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
Israel officials: Strike on Syria targeted weapons
"Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty, jury says"
Twitter says images blocked in Venezuela
Indian building collapse deaths rise to 14
CII endorses underage marriage
"Mt Gox finds 200,000 'forgotten' bitcoins"
Hundreds believed injured in Texas fertiliser plant blast
Redford addresses PC convention ahead of leadership review
UK urges countries over Syria aid
South Korean Soldier Kills Comrades And Flees
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election
"UK's Cameron: Syria, Russia must show chemical arms proposal is genuine"
AbbVie cools on $55bn Shire deal after US tax changes
Militant attack from Afghanistan kills FC soldier in Balochistan
6 killed in Afghan capital mosque attack
"Rev.'s Early Reads: Sept. 3rd, 2015"
Sweden recognizes Palestinian state
Funeral of MH17 victim Liam Sweeney takes place in Newcastle
Waiting for the next president
Kurds see Turkey impeding Islamic State fight
US scientists praise Iran nuclear deal
Media freedom at stake as Turkey fights rebels
Philippines saves 100 after ferry sinks
"Two-state solution between Palestinians, Israel pie in sky"
Lawmakers from both sides express outrage at Secret Service
Myanmar Struggles to Finalize Voter Lists for Sunday Polls
North Korea Delegation Meets With South Korean Officials
