My body cast a shadow over the grass.
The garden looked well-groomed.
The woman tolerated her friend's difficult behavior.
The woman did not tolerate her friend's difficult behavior anymore.
The women met for coffee.
The women were surprised.
The runner wore shorts.
The runner stretched.
The guests of the party hid behind the couch.
The guests of the party brought candles.
The politician lost the election.
The politician won the election.
The stain came out of the shirt.
The shirt did not have a hole anymore.
The man got a discount on his groceries.
The man looked friendly.
The physician misdiagnosed the patient.
The patient was a close friend of the physician.
The customer filed a complaint with the store manager.
The sales associate sent another invoice to the customer. 
The woman repaired her faucet.
The woman could not wash her hands.
The elderly woman suffered a stroke.
The elderly woman made a phone call.
The pond froze over for the winter.
The frozen pond thawed in the spring.
The offender violated parole.
The offender was poor.
I poured water on my sleeping friend.
I made my friend very tired.
The girl gasped.
The girl smiled.
The shirt shrunk.
The shirt became clean.
It got dark outside.
It got cold outside.
I hung up the phone.
I recognized the caller.
The woman's ring slipped off in the shower.
The woman's ring got dirty.
The girl received a trophy.
The girl was not lonely anymore.
The woman's date wanted to look like a gentleman.
The woman's date wanted to have Japanese cuisine.
The farmland needed irrigation.
The farmland got heavy rain.
The host cancelled the party.
The woman got vaccinated.
The woman gave the man her phone number.
The woman ignored the man.
The skydiver glided safely to the ground.
The skydiver started to fall down.
The toddler became cranky.
The toddler joined a baby pageant.
The child became immune to the disease.
The child was not vaccinated but did not get the disease.
The grape juice fermented.
The grape juice was boiled.
The friends' debate dragged on interminably.
The friends did not have a debate.
The woman hummed to herself.
The woman trembled.
The man hated his new haircut.
The man hated the shape of his chin.
The police aimed their weapons at the fugitive.
The police shot the fugitive.
The patient was dehydrated.
The patient said his leg felt numb.
The girl found the missing puzzle piece.
The girl was angry.
The man urgently leaped out of bed.
The man got up earlier.
The papers were disorganized.
The papers were important.
The woman won the lottery.
The woman felt guilty.
The seamstress pushed the threaded needle into the fabric.
The seamstress guided the thread through the eye of the needle.
The woman hired a lawyer.
The woman hired a public relations consultant.
The tenant misplaced his keys to his apartment.
The tenant broke the door of his apartment.
My favorite song came on the radio.
An awful song came on the radio.
The executive decided not to hire the applicant.
The executive decided to hire the applicant.
The man's eye became infected.
The man had bad eyesight.
The bird couldn't fly.
The bird flew south.
The girl made a wish.
The girl had bad luck.
The woman shivered as she got out the pool.
The woman was thirsty after she jogged.
The nurse prepared the needle for the patient's injection.
The nurse made a mistake during the patient's injection.
The man threw out the bread.
The man liked the bread.
The children knocked over a lamp.
The children bumped their heads on the ceiling.
I drank from the water fountain.
I went to the toilet.
The homeowners disliked their nosy neighbors.
The homeowners liked their neighbors.
The bodybuilder lifted weights.
Bodybuilding fell out of fashion.
The cook stirred the ingredients in the bowl.
The cook boiled the ingredients in the bowl.
The man signed the document.
The man returned the document.
The police officer dropped the gun.
The police officer shot the gun.
The woman felt compelled to help someone in need.
The woman felt compelled to express herself.
The woman felt lonely.
The woman felt creative.
I rubbed sandpaper on the wood.
I spilled glue on the wood.
The crowd gave the band a standing ovation.
The crowd waited for the rock band at the airport.
The man threw his empty can onto the street.
The man walked alone on the street.
My stomach growled.
My stomach was heavy.
The boaters set off a flare.
The boaters caught a nice current.
The man removed his coat.
The man could breathe better.
The family took their dog to the veterinarian.
The dog broke his teeth.
The woman dangled the biscuit above the dog.
The dog had lice.
I learned how to play the board game.
The board game ended in a disaster.
The man went away for the weekend.
The man did not need to buy more things.
The shop was closed.
The shop was very popular.
The boy tuned the radio.
The boy listened to the radio.
The terrorist set off the bomb.
The police found the bomb.
The police handcuffed the suspect.
The police was hit by the suspect.
The authorities vowed to protect the identity of the crime victim.
The authorities brought on the case many years later.
The man's clothes fit loosely.
The man's clothes were cheap.
The clock stopped ticking.
The time was earlier than I thought.
The man closed the umbrella.
The man opened the umbrella.
The man craved a cigarette.
The man threw his cigarettes away.
The man dropped food on the floor.
The man had a cookie in his hand.
The girl was angry with her friend.
The girl trusted her friend.
The fugitive hid from the police.
The fugitive was shot by the police.
I tipped the bottle.
I put the bottle into a freezer.
The woman spoke with a foreign accent.
The woman was rich.
The boy's mouth stung.
Smoke got in the boy's eyes.
I finished a page of the book.
I got angry while reading the book.
The service at the restaurant was slow.
The service at the restaurant was quick.
I saw a woman getting robbed on the street.
I was late for the meeting.
My stomach hurt.
My feet hurt.
I put my plate in the sink.
I didn't have to do the dishes.
The man closed the book.
The man liked the book.
The boy read the novel aloud to his grandfather.
The boy communicated with his grandfather by writing.
My foot went numb.
The sand at the beach was too hot.
The photographer got the child to smile.
The photographer could not see the child's face.
The window was opaque.
The sun was coming through the window.
I slipped on the floor.
I cut my foot on the floor.
The man slid the razor across his chin.
The man did not shave.
The woman took her family on vacation.
The woman looked for a job.
The woman awakened.
The woman did not wake up.
The woman sensed a pleasant smell.
The woman felt dizzy.
The bar closed.
There was nowhere to sit in the bar.
The driver got pulled over by the police.
The driver looked into the rear camera.
The teacher took roll.
The teacher wanted to grade the students.
I pushed the pendulum.
I blocked the pendulum.
The child kicked the stack of blocks.
The child punched the stack of blocks.
The teenager ran away from home.
The teenager always stayed home.
I botched the job interview.
I passed the job interview.
The pharmaceutical company recalled the drug.
The pharmaceutical company promoted the drug.
The man looked at his watch.
The man looked at his list.
I dabbed the floor with a paper towel.
I replaced the floor with brand new tile.
The bartender refused to serve the patron.
The bartender accompanied the patron.
I was confused by the professor's lecture.
I was interested in the professor's lecture.
The book was deemed inappropriate for children.
The book was deemed appropriate for children.
The man begged for forgiveness.
The man laughed at comedy.
I received a package in the mail.
I received someone's package in the mail.
The surfer caught the wave.
The surfer saw the wave.
The speaker disarmed her debate opponent.
The speaker was defeated by her debate opponent.
I moved to a new city.
I was moved.
I avoided giving a straight answer to the question.
I promised to give a straight answer to the question.
The student received detention.
The student learned most mistakes.
The boy's hands were shaking.
The boy's friends were scared.
The fans in the stadium cheered.
The fans in the stadium were apathetic.
The girl went down the hill on her bike.
The girl turned down the hill on her bike.
A man cut in front of me in the long line.
A man let me in front of the long line.
The inside of the train went dark.
The inside of the train became destroyed.
The man contemplated the painting.
The man had a heart attack.
The turtle hid in its shell.
The turtle felt tired.
The girl handed down her clothes to her younger sister.
The girl threw her clothes away.
Several witnesses of the crime testified against the suspect.
No witnesses of the crime testified against the suspect.
The parents left their children with a babysitter.
The parents left their children with a teacher.
The trip took a long time.
The trip was a fun time.
The product was heavily advertised.
The producted was replaced.
I rubbed the soap between my hands.
I slammed my hands in the door.
The cowgirl threw her lasso towards the horse.
The cowgirl missed her lasso towards the horse.
The group overlooked the woman's faux pas.
The group was offended by the woman's faux pas.
The girl came across an unfamiliar word in her textbook.
The girl came across an offensive word in her textbook.
The man became disabled.
The man became offensive.
The flashlight was dead.
The flashlight was broken.
The skunk sprayed the dog.
The skunk became hungry.
I scratched my skin.
I cleaned my skin.
I wrote a thank-you note to my grandmother.
I wrote a reminder note to my grandmother.
A burglar broke into the house.
It was night in a quiet neighborhood.
I held the door for the woman entering behind me.
The woman behind me left the door open.
The mirror in the bathroom fogged up.
The mirror in the bathroom cleared up.
The security guard tackled the man.
The security guard questioned the man.
The driver rotated the steering wheel.
The drived pressed on the brakes.
The army surrendered the battle.
The army won the battle.
The navy bombed the ship.
The captain passed out.
I ironed my shirt.
I wore my shirt.
The girl felt dizzy.
The girl wanted to exercise.
The driver pulled over to the side of the road.
The driver crashed over to the side of the road.
The hospital sent the patient home.
The patient felt happy.
The child caught a life-threatening illness.
The child did not know her parents.
We found empty seats in the theatre.
The opening credits finished playing.
The parents recognized their daughter's creativity.
The parents recognized their daughter's interest in sports.
The boy turned the lid on the jar.
The boy rubbed the side of the jar.
The woman received a diploma.
The woman aimed for a diploma.
I chugged the pitcher of water.
I reached the top of the building.
I came upon a puddle on the sidewalk.
The puddle on the sidewalk looked fun.
The woman covered her ears.
The woman covered her nose.
The archeologist dug up the site.
The archelogist discovered the site.
The audience booed the comedian off the stage.
The audience applauded the comedian on stage.
The coach gave his player a high five.
The coach gave his player a headshake.
I tossed the ball upwards.
I tossed the ball forward.
My breath smelled of garlic.
My lips were covered in garlic.
The man was lost.
The man was local.
The baby pulled the mother's hair.
The mother patted the baby's back.
I stood on one foot.
I was tired of standing.
I pushed the gas pedal.
I pulled on the knob.
My car was towed.
My car was rejuvenated.
The woman got away with the crime.
The woman got charged with the crime.
The dust came off the desk.
The desk was light.
The motorcyclist twisted the throttle.
The motorcyclist let go of the throttle.
The teacher caught the student chewing gum.
The teacher threw the chewing gum at the student.
The host served dinner to his guests.
The host served nothing to his guests.
The boy climbed the tree.
The boy avoided the tree.
The chair squeaked.
The chair fell.
The father shut off the children's television.
The father laughed at the children's television.
The man held his breath.
The man exhaled his breath.
I clumsily bumped into the stranger.
I intentionally bumped into the stranger.
The boat capsized.
The boat moved.
The mother suspected that her son was lying.
The mother suspected that her son was upset.
The young woman was denied entrance into the bar.
The young woman entered the bar alone.
A crater formed on the moon.
A crater did not form on the moon.
I planted the seeds in the soil.
The soil was dry.
The benefactor requested to stay anonymous.
The benefactor looked extremely excited.
The woman felt ashamed of scar on her face.
The woman was questioned about the scar on her face.
The doctor x-rayed the patient's arm.
The doctor discovered the patient's arm was broken.
The boy filled the bucket with sand.
The boy cut his hand in the sand.
The woman upgraded her computer hardware.
The woman wanted to sell her computer hardware.
The girl performed in a dance recital.
The girl never learned to dance.
The baby was wailing in his crib.
The baby's name was called.
The woman had a religious awakening.
The woman wanted to change her environment.
The bureau drawers were cluttered.
The buerau drawers were opened.
The student flaunted his test grade to his classmates.
The student hid his test grade from his classmates.
The boy felt homesick.
The boy felt exhausted.
The rocket flew up into the sky.
The rocket looked pretty.
The boy murmured his reply to his mother.
The boy yelled his reply to his mother.
My flight got delayed.
My flight got rescheduled.
The smoke alarm went off.
The room became bright.
The vase broke.
The vase had a nice shape.
The woman felt an electric shock.
The woman felt extremely fatigued.
The man had lipstick on his cheek.
The man had a grin on his face.
I jumped instinctively in fright.
I woke up.
The gardener wanted his plants to flourish.
The gardener wanted more plants to flourish.
A water pipe in the house burst.
A water pipe in the house was leaking.
The waistband on my pants was loose.
The sun shined so bright.
The company lost money.
The company sold more products.
The tenants were evicted from the apartment.
The tenants lease for the apartment was extended.
The man woke up with a toothache.
The man woke up late.
The team lost the game.
The team won the game.
The parents forbade their children from watching the movie. 
The parents allowed their children to watch the movie.
The woman deleted the email.
The woman read the email.
The police eliminated the woman from the list of suspects.
The police kept the woman on the list of suspects.
The climbers reached the peak of the mountain.
The climbers failed to reach the peak of the mountain.
The vandals threw a rock at the window.
The vandals blew cold air at the window.
The fortune teller's revelations were convincing.
The fortune teller's revelations were false.
The woman's makeup smeared.
The woman's head looked nice.
The company's profits started to level off.
The company was seeking highly specialized talent.
The student's answer on the exam was incorrect.
The student's answer on the exam was extraordinary.
The girl wanted to demonstrate proper etiquette.
The girl demonstrated poor etiquette.
The detective flashed his badge to the police officer.
The detective flashed his fake badge to the police officer.
The girl wanted to make her mother happy.
The girl wanted to make her mother happy for her effort.
The toddler started crying.
The toddler started being naught.
The stranger cried out to me in a foreign language.
The stranger shouted insults at me in a foreign language.
The man uncovered incriminating evidence against his enemy.
The man discovered his enemy uncovered incriminating evidence against him.
The girl pushed herself off the top of the slide.
The girl wanted to get on top of the slide.
My jaw dropped open.
My face dropped.
The child disobeyed her parents.
The child obeyed her parents.
The car looked filthy.
The car looked keyed.
My friend paid for my ticket.
I paid for friend's my ticket.
The woman was wrongly convicted for the crime.
The woman was correctly convicted for the crime.
The girl applied the scissors to the paper.
The girl clenched the paper her in her fist.
The woman visited her family.
The woman refused to visit her family.
I burst into a fit of laughter.
I burst into a cold room.
The school principal implemented a dress code.
The school principal effected the honor code.
The balloon expanded.
The balloon poped.
I wanted to lighten the mood of the conversation.
I wanted to tense up the mood of the conversation.
The man broke his toe.
The man hid his feet.
The man had an attack of conscience.
The man had a dead conscience.
A fistfight broke out in the hall of the school.
A gas tank burst in the hall of the school.
The photo albums collected dust in the attic.
The photo album collection was treasured.
I got distracted from my conversation with the woman.
I got hooked to my conversation with the woman.
I put coins in the washing machine at the laundromat.
I had too many clothes to wash at the laundromat.
The family postponed the barbeque.
The family had the barbeque.
Air leaked out of the beach ball.
The beach ball bounced.
Our group's conversation gradually lulled to silence.
Our group's conversation gradually escalated.
I clenched the candy wrapper in my fist.
I pulled apart the candy wrapper with my hands.
The woman pressed down on the piano key.
The woman dropped syrup on the piano.
The girl met her favorite actor.
The girl saw a trailer of her favorite actor.
The vehicles travelled slowly.
The people carried the umbrellas.
The chandelier shattered on the floor.
The chandelier was removed from the ceiling.
The cat purred.
I snapped at the cat.
The boy pushed his sister.
The boy found his sister.
The man gained weight.
The man stepped in the mud.
The clouds looked dark.
The cloud computer was blocked.
The engine of the airplane was faulty.
The passenger on the airplane made a distracting noise.
Cars moved to the shoulder of the road.
Cars moved to the intersection of the road.
The boy lost hold of the bar of soap.
The boy lost sniffed the bar of soap.
The button on my shirt fell off.
The button on my laptop fell off.
The celebrity wore sunglasses.
The celebrity took off her sunglasses.
My grandmother passed away.
My grandmother passed by.
The police officer pulled over the celebrity.
The police officer pulled the celebrity by the wrist.
The man revealed personal information to the therapist.
The man withheld personal information from the therapist.
The man fell unconscious.
The man lost the credit card.
I approached the man.
I did not approach the man.
The leader received praise.
The leader received opposition.
The man read the cartoon in the newspaper.
The man felt cold while reading the newspaper.
My mailbox was overflowing with letters.
The letters were blown from my mailbox.
The bananas ripened.
The pimples ripened.
The chef pressed down on the dough.
The chef pressed down on the dry dough.
The clay hardened.
The clay took shape.
My feet were blistered.
My skin was dry.
The woman betrayed her friend.
The woman stood by her friend.
The man took notice of the woman.
The man never noticed the woman.
The woman and her boyfriend got into a fight.
The woman and her boyfriend got engaged.
The bully stuck his foot out in front of his classmate.
The bully stuck did not like his classmate.
The man wanted to get revenge on his enemy.
The man wanted to get peace with his enemy.
I drank a cup of coffee.
I drank a glass of whisky.
The woman was mistaken for her sister.
The woman invited her sister for coffee.
The man made an error in his calculations.
The man never made an error in his calculations.
The woman's eyeglasses fogged up.
The woman left her eyeglasses on.
The shopper wondered about the cost of the item.
The shopper won a discount on the cost of the item.
The host of the trivia show called on the contestant for an answer.
The host of the trivia show called on the contestant to pick a category.
The boy was afraid to go to bed.
The boy was struggling to fall asleep.
The woman wanted to be a doctor.
The woman wanted to see a doctor.
The boy found the television show boring.
The boy found the television show interesting.
My daughter suffered an allergy attack.
My daughter suffered an panic attack.
The boy had trouble buttoning his shirt.
The boy had trouble buttoning his tight shirt.
I spit out my chewing gum.
I enjoyed my chewing gum.
The boy painted a picture for his mother.
The mother no longer needed her son's picture.
The competition ended.
The finals were approaching.
The girl politely declined the hamburger.
The girl politely accepted the hamburger.
I scrubbed the stain on the floor.
I smeared the stain on the floor.
The documents contained important information.
The documents were loose.
The egg splattered.
The egg hardened.
The girl pushed her friend.
The girl strangled her friend.
A group of teenagers crashed the party.
A group of teenagers helped organizing the party.
The man took a shower.
The man felt clean.
The screen on the laptop went black.
The manufacturer wouldn't fix the screen on the laptop after it went black.
The book became a huge bestseller.
The book became a huge failure.
The man felt thankful to be alive.
The man felt depressed.
The woman wrote a check to the gas company.
The woman never used her credit card.
The woman felt reluctant to switch careers.
The woman quit her job recently.
The woman filed a restraining order against the man.
The woman answered the phone.
The ocean tide was dangerous.
The sun shined very brightly.
The woman refused a second beer.
The woman stayed late in the bar.
I ran out of breath.
I understood the story.
The woman was deemed mentally ill.
The woman studied mental disorder treatment.
The sun emerged from the clouds.
The woman worried whether she would be late.
The football coach lost his voice after the game.
"The players called their coach ""The Flute""."
The woman complimented the man.
The man caught a cold.
I applied pressure to the cut on my arm.
I applied ointment on my wound regularly.
The woman had an infection.
The woman was about to cook.
The woman was summoned for jury duty.
The woman wanted a divorce. 
The woman fanned herself with her hand.
The woman's room is always cold.
The doctors amputated the patient's leg.
The doctor put an ice pack on the leg.
The girl stared at herself in the mirror.
The girl could barely see her reflection.
The man was bitten by mosquitoes.
The man felt unrested in the morning.
The woman presented her brother with a gift.
The woman's brother did not like the gift.
The administrator cleared her throat.
Most members were unable to join.
The children ran through the sprinkler.
The children had a toothache.
The man needed coins to fill the parking meter.
The poor man recently lost his job.
The customer thought the souvenir was overpriced.
The customer had enough money for the souvenir.
The scientist gained recognition.
The scientist continued with her ongoing research.
The car stopped at the crosswalk.
The pedestrian crossing signal turned red.
The boy giggled uncontrollably.
The boy started crying loudly.
My knees buckled on the stairs.
I pulled too hard on the railing.
I went to bed.
I saw the stars.
My friend was recovering from surgery.
My friend had to go for a health checkup.
The DJ turned the music on.
The DJ did not play good music.
The security guard replayed the surveillance footage.
The security guard could not identify the thief.
I lingered in bed upon awakening.
My stomache started growling.
The man lifted the heavy box.
The man was bitten by insects.
The woman's purse was missing.
The woman emptied her mailbox.
The woman suffered amnesia.
The woman got a body rash.
I needed to get cash.
I needed to carry cash.
The rider fell to the ground.
The rider ran at full speed.
The boy wanted to be muscular.
The boy loved staying in his room.
The scientist conducted an experiment.
The scientist could not finish her experiments on time.
The milk stayed cold.
The honey lasted longer.
The fussy baby calmed down.
The parents received a birth certificate.
I put ice cubes in the hot soup.
I put flour in the soup.
The girl shared her lunch with her friend.
The girl kept talking to her friend.
The police closed the investigation.
The police continued the investigation.
The rain subsided.
I wanted to check the weather forecast.
The cup of tea was scalding hot.
The water in tank was dirty.
The photograph faded.
The photograph was worthless.
The boy got a black eye.
The boy felt humiliated.
I misplaced my wallet.
I needed to call someone.
The hunter ran out of ammunition.
He wanted to show me antlers.
Marine life diminished.
New countries were discovered.
I ran the ice cube under warm water.
I touched the ice cube.
The customer came into the boutique.
The customer was embarassed at the cash register.
The man drank water with his meal.
The man asked the waiter to reheat his meal.
The woman stayed away from public places.
The woman was not allowed to drive her car.
The putrid odor filled the room.
I got ready to clean the room.
The employee missed work.
The woman reconnected with distant relatives.
The magnet attracted the paperclip.
The magnet was too weak to attract the paperclip.
The gardener pulled the weeds.
The gardener did not pull out the weeds.
We ordered a pizza.
We ordered a pizza but did not eat it all.
The teenager grew taller than his father.
The teenager made many new friends.
The patient underwent the risky medical procedure.
The patient could not afford the medical procedure.
The man caught his shirtsleeve on the rungs of the fence.
The man wearing a short-sleeved shirt ran away but there was a fence.
The investigators deemed the man's death a suicide.
The investigators notified the family of the man's death.
The computer crashed.
I did not worry about my computer crashing.
The girl's mouth ached.
The girl worried about a clogged gut.
The room was dim.
The room was dirty.
The father put his daughter in her stroller.
The father took his daughter out of her stroller.
The spy discovered the enemy's location.
The spy had many fake passports.
The glasses on the table spilled.
The tablecloth needed to be washed.
The water in the teapot started to boil.
We forgot the water in the teapot.
The city re-elected the mayor.
The city had spent too much money.
The woman exaggerated the details of the story.
The woman did not tell the story to anyone.
The woman hit a midlife crisis.
The woman did not want to work anymore.
The man went into denial about the tragedy.
The man dealt well with the tragedy.
The man grieved.
The man yelled at her.
The girl had a phobia of dogs.
The girl got yet another dog.
I made a resolution to eat a healthy diet.
I made a resolution to become fitter.
The patient went into a coma.
The patient went into a fugue state.
The friends' dinnertime conversation turned to politics.
The friends' ran out of things to talk about.
The woman spotted her friend from across the room.
The woman was not arrested by police.
The mother needed help looking after her children.
The mother needed help looking after her children.
The driver honked her horn.
The driver check her rear mirror for cyclists.
The man wanted to save money.
The man wanted to spend money.
I put shoes on.
The windows were left open.
The librarian located the book in the stacks.
The librarian told me that I couldn't borrow the book.
The mother became eye level with her son.
The son had to walk as fast as his mother.
I packed up my belongings.
I called several realtors.
The boy mimicked his older brother.
The boy broke his arm.
The girl desired her parent's approval.
The girl hated her parents.
The truck crashed into the motorcycle on the bridge.
The truck crashed into the main pillar of the bridge.
The retail shop shut down.
The retail shop stayed open for another year.
The swimmer won the race.
The swimmer did not win the race.
Air pollution in the city worsened.
Air qualtity in the city improved.
The mother scolded her daughter.
The mother praised her daughter.
I excused myself from the group.
I did not get any calls.
The skier slipped on the slope.
The skier balanced only with her body.
The print on the brochure was tiny.
The man wanted to make a note.
I flipped the light switch up and down.
I turned the light switch off.
The man's watch was broken.
The man arrived early.
The soldiers were concealed in the brush.
The soldiers had a lot of ammunition.
The man turned on the faucet.
The man flushed repeatedly.
The girl found a bug in her cereal.
The girl wanted to eat cereal.
The woman retired.
The woman won the lottery.
I wanted to conserve energy.
My friend wanted to stay overnight.
The hamburger meat browned.
The hamburger meat can be stored for a long time.
I doubted the salesman's pitch.
I salesman's pitch was very good.
I decided to stay home for the night.
I decided not to stay home.
My eyes became red and puffy.
My cheeks became red and puffy.
The flame on the candle went out.
The candle lit up.
The man drank heavily at the party.
The man caught a cold on his way home.
The bowling ball knocked over the bowling pins.
The bowling ball did not knock over any bowling pins.
The community learned of the man's death.
The man did not get the burial at sea he wanted.
My computer crashed.
My computer's sound didn't work.
The woman resigned from her job.
The woman acquired an additional qualification for her job.
The player caught the ball.
The player could not see the ball.
The judge pounded the gavel.
The defendant listened anxiously.
The woman banished the children from her property.
The children rang the bell at the woman's house.
The kidnappers released the hostage.
There was a nationwide manhunt for the kidnappers.
The cook's eyes watered.
The cook went to the market.
The woman ran her finger under cold water.
The woman got ready for a night out.
The student misspelled the word.
The student felt sick and wanted to go home.
I regained composure from my fit of anger.
I noticed that I was very nervous.
I put my hands under the running faucet.
I put my head under the running faucet.
The man dressed in his best suit.
The man was disappointed about his birthday present.
The man confessed his love for the woman.
The man showed his new car to the woman.
The driver got a flat tire.
The driver got a ticket.
My view of the movie screen was blocked.
I could not enjoy the movie's beautiful soundtrack.
The driver turned on the car's headlights.
The driver pulled up the roof of his convertible.
The girl refused to eat her vegetables.
The girl was thirsty.
The woman covered her mouth with her hand.
The woman's friend noticed her bad breath.
The secretary put the caller on hold.
The caller drove through a long tunnel.
The woman walked with crutches.
The woman's legs were smooth.
I coughed.
Only the person next to me could hear me speak.
The clock chimed.
He was tired and stared at the clock.
The chef hit the egg on the side of the bowl.
The chef forgot to put the egg in the fridge.
The police searched the offender's car.
The police tortured the suspect.
The couple travelled south for the winter.
The couple did not live together.
The man felt obligated to attend the event.
The friend was anggry at the man.
The bride got cold feet before the wedding.
The bride made a wishlist.
The man grew old.
The man grew tired of having so many things.
The friends decided to share the hamburger.
The son told his parents that a hamburger is not enough.
I twisted the cap off the soda bottle.
The soda bottle had a hole.
The pair of students came under scrutiny by the teacher.
The teacher praised the pair of students.
The student was in a rush to get to school on time.
The student enjoyed cooking.
The journalist wrote a biography about the humanitarian's life.
The journalist did not write about the humanitarian.
The man defied the authorities of the church.
The man is a long-time member of the church.
The woman's hair fell in her face.
The woman began to wash her hair.
The ring on my finger got stuck.
I cut my nails.
I pulled the rubber band.
I shot the rubber band.
I pressed my hand into the wet cement.
The hot sun shined onto the cement all summer.
My skin broke out into a rash.
I no longer broke out into a rash.
My subscription to the magazine expired.
I already received a copy of the new magazine.
The detective revealed an anomaly in the case.
The detective found the last piece of evidence in the case.
The boy threw a temper tantrum.
The boy had someone to play with.
The child learned how to read.
The child was much smaller than his classmates.
The boy skipped dinner.
The boy rushed home for dinner.
The woman lavished her friend with flattery.
The woman yelled at her friend.
The key was missing from my pants pocket.
The pants had no defects.
The man fainted.
The man felt refreshed.
The man lost the competition.
The man won the competition.
The mother called an ambulance.
The mother called all neighbors.
The driver slammed on his brakes.
Everybody in the car stopped singing along.
The lock opened.
I was less worried about losing the key.
I put rubber gloves on.
I took off the rubber gloves.
The animal species became endangered.
The animal species became populous.
The man perceived that the woman looked different.
The man noticed that the woman likes jewelry.
The student forgot to do her assignment.
The student got full points on all exams.
The dog barked.
The visitor used the old door knocker instead of the door bell.
Plans were announced to replace a local park with a shopping mall.
An old coal mine was turned into a beautiful park.
The couple was happy to see each other.
The couple was very tired.
The woman asked the man to leave.
The woman made the man a compliment.
The tree branch landed in the river.
It rained a lot in the area around the river.
The teacher assigned homework to the students.
The teacher turned his back to the class.
The seasons changed from summer to autumn.
There was a big flood last autumn.
The politician was convicted of fraud.
The politician was very popular.
I pushed the wagon.
I opened the door of the wagon.
The lobbyist persuaded the legislature to support the bill.
The lobbyist persuaded the president that the bill was bad for business.
My closet was messy.
My room looked boring.
I stayed up late.
I saw a scary movie.
The man's pocket jingled as he walked.
The man did not lose coins in his pocket anymore.
Everyone in the class turned to stare at the student.
The teacher covered a lot of material.
The horse bucked.
The horse calmed down.
The jewelry thieves were caught.
The jewelry thieves were never caught.
Political violence broke out in the nation.
Political violence finally ended in the nation.
The woman was arrested.
The woman was an alcoholic.
The woman read the newspaper.
The woman went to the polling station.
The sick child coughed on his friend.
The child sprinkled pepper in his friend's face.
The couple got engaged.
The couple had a big fight.
The woman contacted the real estate agent.
The woman contacted the maid service.
The man won the lottery.
The man bought more than he could afford.
I lit the candle.
The candle burned out some time ago.
I spent the day at the pool.
I slipped at the pool.
The man received a parking ticket.
The man saw an empty parking spot.
The woman became famous.
The woman became senile.
The girl wanted to wear earrings.
The girl wanted to have a symbol on her arm.
My ears were ringing.
My mind was full of paintings.
I tidied up my house.
I did not clean up my house.
The airline mishandled my luggage.
The airline went bankrupt.
The computer was expensive to fix.
The computer was cheap to fix.
The woman was in a bad mood.
The woman was in a good mood.
